 Anyone who buys lattes -LRB- plural -RRB- every day can understand ... it 's just too expensive a habit ! That 's why I ca n't say enough about this product . It 's great looking -LRB- I bought the Clear Bubbly one -RRB- , super-simple to use , and most importantly , produced a beautiful , long-lasting foamy froth . -LRB- I use Simply Smart fat-free milk and am very pleased with the results . -RRB- Once you 've got the foam you want , you can simply remove the metal screen mechanism and pop the jar in the microwave to warm the milk . Delicious!I have a crazy phobia about letting milk sit around for any length of time at room temperature , so if I 'm going to use the Foamagic more than once during the day - and I typically do -- I rinse it well with water . I 've put it in the dishwasher with good results , but think I 'll be handwashing it as much as possible -- I 'd hate to see the acrylic crack because of the temperature of my dishwasher .
 Though it would be nice to have a solid polished brass fireplace screen , this product certainly fits our needs . For the price , it looks quite attractive and provides what we wanted in safety . It sets off our polished brass in our living room and serves the purpose to protect against accidents for our granddaughters . Quick service on delivery as well .
 We were surprised . Pleasantly.A weighty , perfect model of this classic screen would certainly not be available for anything close to the price of the Uniflame model , but the Uniflame looks amazingly good anyway . This thing does the trick!We bought it to replace an `` original '' solid brass model costing nearly $ 500 -LRB- and it 's cheap construction design eventually giving way to its heaviness when moved -RRB- . As long as someone does n't examine the new screen from close-up , it actually looks better -LRB- not really terrible at all close-up -RRB- , and it 's lighter weight makes it easy to handle.JRT
 This is an excellent fireplace screen for the price . I was somewhat surprised at how light the screen is as compared to other fireplace screens I have in the house . You certainly wo n't have a hard time moving it away from the fireplace . I actually purchased it to put in front of a gas fireplace in order to make the fire look more authentic and it does the job !
 Product arrived on the third day after I ordered , despite a delivery estimate of 7-10 days . I 'm impressed with both the product and the marketplace seller -LRB- PrimeNetShops -RRB- . The screen came well packaged , and in good shape . One of the decorative knobs on top had come unscrewed and was in the bottom of the box , but it re-attached with ease . It 's light enough that it can be moved with ease , but still feels sturdy enough that it should last for years to come . Great product , great experience . Everything that is right about Amazon , all in one order !
 Great for the price & its Uniflame . I had read several reviews about scratches on the top brass but mine is in perfect condition . And that is with the box being pretty banged up when UPS delivered it . Thankfully & always Amazon does a great job of packing for that kind of handling .
 Excellent all around transaction . High quality items , exactly as described , superior packaging & quick shipping , Superb seller -- buy with confidence . Very pleased !
 Good quality and fast delivery . Wonderful company to purchase from.This was purchased for a baby shower gift -- for twins ... it made a big hit as this is first children for the couple and they are avid Cowboy fans . Plus babies are identical BOY twins ... big success .
 I love this pillow . I have neck pain and this pillow is the only one that works for me . It is not a super dense memory foam , but it has a great feel . It gives my neck the right support so that I can sleep well .
 If you are reading this , please look no further . Pillows are always a personal preference but this pillow has been a lifesaver for me . Its pretty firm and does the job of supporting my neck and back . Honestly , for as little as I paid for this , I bet its better than any of those pillows that are 100 plus . A great value . I would highly recommend it .
 It gives my neck and shoulders such wonderful support . I had tried two others previously . I am happy with this product .
 This pillow is a great buy ! It holds form well , does n't have a manufacturing smell , and is a good price .
 I love this pillow . It has a perfect curve to support your neck without being too high or too flat . VERY comfortable .
 We have two for sleeping and two for sitting when the chairs are jusst too hard - these are highly recommended .
 I bought this pillow for my mother , fiancee and myself . My mother loves it and sleeps much more comfortably with it . My fiance will not sleep with out it ; according to him it gives him the best sleep he 's ever gotten . I hurt my back a while back at work and this pillow has helped my back pains go away while giving me a restful night . I would definitely recommend this pillow .
 At first the pillow seemed a bit too firm but I 've had it a few days now and its contouring to the shape of my neck just great now . The price is good and it 's helping my neck . I 'm very happy with it . Thank you !
 I previously had a neck injury due to an automobile accident and regular pillows would hurt my neck . I bought this pillow thinking that it may help relieve some of the pain and sure enough , it does ! I absolutely love it and I no longer feel pain from sleeping . I highly recommend this product .
 I like this pillow very much . I was in an accident when I was younger and I have trouble using most pillows , but this one is very good for me . If I move around too much and I sleep in a weird position it 's not good , but that happens with every pillow .
 I use this pillow every night and love it . It is a very durable product and works great ! Thank you for your prompt and excellent service .
 I bought this pillow recently and have been using it ever since . I love the contour shape and it 's comfot factor . It 's wonderfully soft and moves with you !
 Great feeling at a great price ! I will never go back to feather pillows again !
 Though it would be nice to have a solid polished brass fireplace screen , this product certainly fits our needs . For the price , it looks quite attractive and provides what we wanted in safety . It sets off our polished brass in our living room and serves the purpose to protect against accidents for our granddaughters . Quick service on delivery as well .
 We were surprised . Pleasantly.A weighty , perfect model of this classic screen would certainly not be available for anything close to the price of the Uniflame model , but the Uniflame looks amazingly good anyway . This thing does the trick!We bought it to replace an `` original '' solid brass model costing nearly $ 500 -LRB- and it 's cheap construction design eventually giving way to its heaviness when moved -RRB- . As long as someone does n't examine the new screen from close-up , it actually looks better -LRB- not really terrible at all close-up -RRB- , and it 's lighter weight makes it easy to handle.JRT
 This is an excellent fireplace screen for the price . I was somewhat surprised at how light the screen is as compared to other fireplace screens I have in the house . You certainly wo n't have a hard time moving it away from the fireplace . I actually purchased it to put in front of a gas fireplace in order to make the fire look more authentic and it does the job !
 Product arrived on the third day after I ordered , despite a delivery estimate of 7-10 days . I 'm impressed with both the product and the marketplace seller -LRB- PrimeNetShops -RRB- . The screen came well packaged , and in good shape . One of the decorative knobs on top had come unscrewed and was in the bottom of the box , but it re-attached with ease . It 's light enough that it can be moved with ease , but still feels sturdy enough that it should last for years to come . Great product , great experience . Everything that is right about Amazon , all in one order !
 Great for the price & its Uniflame . I had read several reviews about scratches on the top brass but mine is in perfect condition . And that is with the box being pretty banged up when UPS delivered it . Thankfully & always Amazon does a great job of packing for that kind of handling .
 Anyone who buys lattes -LRB- plural -RRB- every day can understand ... it 's just too expensive a habit ! That 's why I ca n't say enough about this product . It 's great looking -LRB- I bought the Clear Bubbly one -RRB- , super-simple to use , and most importantly , produced a beautiful , long-lasting foamy froth . -LRB- I use Simply Smart fat-free milk and am very pleased with the results . -RRB- Once you 've got the foam you want , you can simply remove the metal screen mechanism and pop the jar in the microwave to warm the milk . Delicious!I have a crazy phobia about letting milk sit around for any length of time at room temperature , so if I 'm going to use the Foamagic more than once during the day - and I typically do -- I rinse it well with water . I 've put it in the dishwasher with good results , but think I 'll be handwashing it as much as possible -- I 'd hate to see the acrylic crack because of the temperature of my dishwasher .
 These plates arrived just as expected . NOte
 They 're beautiful ! The quality seems to be excellent ! Catching the free shipping made them a very good buy !
 I absolutely love these plates . The color is so vibrant and rich , it really made my table pop ! I envision using these plates for many functions because the color will pair nicely with many others .
 This dinner plate set is my second purchase of the Fun Factory line . I was so impressed by the look and feel of the cereal bowls that I decided to purchase the entire line - one set at a time . The salad plate set is now on the UPS truck . Speaking of delivery , let me just say that each set comes impeccably packed in bubble wrap by UnbeatableSale , Inc. . Not a ding or chip in the box . The dinner plate itself matched perfectly with the cereal bowls I already own . The `` cherry '' color is a fiery brick red that is almost irresistibly iridescent in its beauty . And it does n't fade in the dishwasher . I purchased the Waechtersbach Fun Factory line to , eh , serve as every day dinnerware , but they dress up nicely enough to use for company . The brilliant cherry color makes any menu instantly appealing . Highly recommended for quality , value and style .
 My review says that I ordered the yellow ones but I actually ordered the cherry . I picked up these red dinner plates at a discount store for a party I was having and loved them so much I have ordered more from Amazon . The discount store is the kind that you can only get them in a limited time frame and limited order . They were much cheaper there but do n't have any more so I am willing to pay the real retail price . We have a floor plan that opens from the kitchen to the kitchen dining area and then to a great room . The color scheme in all rooms is red . grey . white and black.The breakfast/dining table is glass with a black base . I love mixing these dishes with some white ones and with some bowls that I have that are black and white . The overall effect amazing .
 You ca n't go wrong with Waechtersbach Fun Factory dinner plates . They are durable , heavy , well-made and the colors are incredible . I love the lemon peel color . It is such a fun , upbeat happy color . We like to mix and match several color dinner plates -LRB- lemon peel , orange peel , kiwi and chocolate . Makes a beautiful and fun dinner table - always gets compliments .
 This is the second set I have ordered . Love the color just wish the color was all the way trough
 I do n't know what qualities a spatula is supposed to have , but this one has everything I need . This is the second one of these I 've bought , and even though they 're more expensive than most , they 're worth every penny . They are the right length , the handle is sturdy and the silicone stays flexible but not too flexible . I use mine all the time and will hunt in the drawer until I find one of them .
 This little guy is great for popping on the table - easier to use and less left-over mess than a traditional pepper grinder . Being clear , it is easy to see when you need to refill . The magnet keeps it handy , letting it stick to the side of the fridge near the stove.I gave it four stars instead of five ONLY because of its size - it takes more squeezes to get the amount you want ground than the larger size , and the larger one is easier to squeeze the handles together.It 's the new popular gadget in our kitchen !
 I am satisfied with this product . I can stick it to the fridge -LRB- it 's magnetic -RRB- and have it readily available while I 'm cooking . The plastic looks a little flimsy , but I think it 's good value for the money .
 This little grinder is great for kitchen ! My son can help me season our food with out making a huge mess .
 I LOVE MY NEW DISHES ... These dishes are fabulous , nice weight and beautiful design .
 I love the Crocodile Creek lunchbox I purchased for my son . He loves the animals and I love the fact that it is safe -- 100 % Phthalate and PVC free.This lunchbox is durable and easy to clean . I will purchase Crocodile Creek items again .
 As my title states , we finally found a lunchbox that will hold a lunch , including a water bottle , and not fall apart . It 's a good size , not too big , not too small . It 's soft , so can take a beating and not fall apart - and easy to clean out too . My son is not really gentle with things , so this works perfect - we even bought a second one for our other son , we liked it so much .
 This is a very nice lunchbox with beautiful colors and images . It is made of durable and washable material . And one great thing about it is that it is different as it does not have any common TV character on it .
 I LOVE Crocodile Creek Lunchboxes ! They are perfect for Kindergarten and 1st Grade children since they do n't require as much lunch as an older child may . It can even hold a thermos drink cup or soup cup.This lunchbox has held up wonderfully thru an entire year of daily lunches , being thrown around in class , smashed in packpacks and drug across lunch tables . I highly recommend this product to anyone with younger children .
 I bought two for my 3-year old twin girls , they were very excited when saw it , and both of them like to carry it when I drop them in day care -LRB- I used to carry their old lunch box for them -RRB- . The good thing for me is that it is very easy to clean .
 Love the Wild Animals lunchbox . It 's more like - zoo animals.It has a good , thick amount of insulation and is free of harmful plastics , etc. . It 's also a lot roomier than your average lunchbox and I like this because it leaves extra room for more freezer blocks to keep everything very cold . We also send two drinks , one for lunch and one for snacktime and the extra room is great!I agree with others about this being difficult to clean , so we send a paper plate and have the little one eat outside of the lunchbox , so we do n't wind up with crumbs , etc inside the interior seams , problem solved.It 's also nice to have a lunchbox that not every kid has , so he knows which one is his . This will probably last the entire school year and that 's good for a fabric lunchbox . I would buy this again and will get another next year .
 I bought this for my nephew and he loves it . it is super cute , it looks exactly like in pic . it is big and can take a crocodile creek bottle too . perfect for any kid .
 I 've ordered 2 of these lunchboxes to give as gifts . Bright and visual . Easy-to-use zipper for little hands . Fun for preschoolers -LRB- or older -RRB- heading off to play dates or school with their own lunch or snack .
 My two year old loves his lunch bag . He 's been using it now for a year and it is still in great shape . It is easy to wipe clean , and has a zippered pouch in front for his silverware and napkin .
 Great buy for a cute accessory for your kid!My 20 month old son is obsessed with any animal and now insists on carrying his lunchbox in and out of school with him - loves it . Great colors and educational too!I highly recommend Crocodile Creek gear !
 This lunchbox has been well received by the toddler . We like to talk about and name the animals . The little one has started to learn how to work the zippers on his own . The construction seems durable and high quality . Cold things stay cold when we use appropriate cooler packs . Easy to wipe out . Standard plastic containers fit easily . We are very happy with this product .
 I have had this set for three years and each time I use them I get comments on these dishes . Each piece is different - one plate has five penguins , another has three , and another has one . Adults and kids love the whimsical design . They have held their color through many dishwashings . I have noticed some minor scuffing from flatware on the plates , which is disappointing . Even so , the antics of these penguins definitely brighten the darkest winter evenings !
 I was hesitant to by dishes through Amazon , however the set was well packaged and eventhough the outer box was a little damaged , I had no broken plates ! The dishes are adorable and appear to be dishwasher safe so far .
 The Penguin dinnerware is a delightful addition to your pfaltzgraff set . It is a wonderful winter place setting with a whimsical penguin print that keeps you ` cheered up ' through the winter months ! Bright colors . Nice dye work .
 This product arrived in perfect condition and was exactly as represented on Amazon . Because it was listed as refurbished/unused but not new -LRB- or words to that effect -RRB- , I had concerns since I was n't really sure what the verbiage meant even after reading the detailed , but sort of generic information about `` not advertised as new '' products . My impression was that perhaps the packaging was damaged and had to be re-taped , so I was a little apprehensive . However , because of Amazon 's guarantee for the product , I felt secure in ordering . It was a tremendous value , complete with free shipping ! I was thrilled to make this purchase and give it to a very happy recipient at Christmas time .
 Fabulous . I collect penguins and with all the accesories it worked out great for christmas presents for the wife . Our other pattern was discontined
 This thing is freakin awesome ! You can stand it up , lay it down , or rearrange to your liking . They are sturdy enough to hold several things
 I bought two sets and plan to order two more . I 'm using them as my 4 year old 's `` chest of drawers '' in her closet and in the corner of her room for books , toys , puzzles , etc. . These storage units are great . Easy to assemble , strong , and space efficient ! The frost color allows the colors of the items stored inside to come out , which is nice a subtle . And the price can not be beaten with this quality .
 I was tired of the same old designs for dinnerware ... I wanted a fun and modern look . This design fits the bill with its great shape and great design . brings an exciting look to any meal ... whether entertaining or for every day use !!
 These bookends are the perfect addition to my classroom . They are adorable and very durable ! They look great !
 I suffer from chronic joint pain and severe headaches . My doctor recommened that I look into a maternity body pillow similar to this product since I could use it to support my back and hips when i sleep on my side and that by using the u-shaped pillow as my only neck and head pillow , ease the muscle tension that aggravated my headaches . He was so right ! I purchased this product , the Comfort U pillow and once I modified a bit , it was perfect . it tends to be a little too long on the sides and as a result , it flattens out where your legs rest on it . It is also a little underfilled . To correct that , I got two elastic hair bands and turned the U upside down so it was resting on the U. I then took the ends and shook all the stuffing down each arm until I had siz to 8 inches of empty pilow case . I wrapped the hair elastics around the ends , pinching the empty part shut so that the filling could n't get back in there . When I patted the pillow down to make the stuffing even , it was nice and firm no longer had a tendency to go flat . It 's an easy thing to do if you want a firmer pillow.That said , I recommend that you Google a different store called `` the Comfort Store '' because they sell this for the same exact price but offer free shipping which will save you over $ 30 . be aware that the Comfort U pillow comes with one white pillow case shaped to fit the pillow . You can purchase extra pillow cases for aboyt $ 34 . I bought one in beige and I liked it much better than the white one . it matched my yellow floral bedding . They offer a blue pillow case as well -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . The money you save on shipping by buying from the Comfort Store can buy you an extra pillow case!Whatever you do , consider getting this if you are a side sleeper stuffing pillows behind your back and between your legs for support . Once you get used to sleepig with this pillow with your arm underneath it and your other arm over it , you 'll notice you awaken less during the night to turn . My only complaint , and it is a minor one , is that the pillow tends to reflect your body heat back to you . I am always too warm , even in airconditioning , so I found cooling a gel pack in the freezer for half an hour and sliding that between my forehead and the pillow solves that problem quickly . That might not even be a problem for other people . trust me , if you have joint pain , this pillow is the solution .
 I have fibromyalgia , restless leg syndrome and endure much pain during the night . It was totally impossible for me to get comfortable until the Comfort U Pillow was delivered to my door . I can honestly say that it truly does help me get a better night sleep in addition to decreasing the pain . This pillow has brought me many painfree nights of sleep .
 I bought this for a lot more money at the Relax The Back store . Amazon has a much better price . I like the design of it but it has some flaws . The pillow case is hard to get onto the pillow and stretches taught right where I 'd like to rest my head making it a bit uncomfortable . Also the lower `` legs '' of the product are much too firm to have between my knees . It raises my leg up too high and hurts my hip . I 'm 5 ' 7 '' so this is n't a problem of being too petite . A flat spot has formed within a few days where I have to lift it open to get in and out of bed . I still like it and have n't found anything comparable .
 Out of all the products I bought for my pregnancy this was by far the best . I slept comfortably throughout my 9 mos . and still use it today . The only downfall is that your bedfellow might feel neglected .
 I am using this pillow now and about to enter my second trimester . I find the pillow to be comfortable and useful in training myself to sleep on my side . I actually find the pillow most comfortable upside down -LRB- with the connected piece at my feet -RRB- . This allows me to use the side bolsters , elevate my feet , AND use my own pillow .
 I originally purchased this for my pregnancy , as I was using 5 + pillows for support , and i was tired of chasing them as they fell off the bed all night long . I loved the support and have slept with it ever since . -LRB- i even take it with me on trips . -RRB- its great because of the refluff-able fill and because you can roll over and not have to move it . I have yet to wash it in the laundermat and see how it turns out.one con , because of its size , it can be difficult to fluff ... do it in the morning while you have energy , not at night when you 're ready to go to bed .
 This is an awesome product ! I was hesitant to spend so much money on a pillow , but it is worth every penny !!! I have fibromyalgia & I was pregnant when my husband ordered this pillow for me . It is wonderful . I wish I would have bought it years ago . I sleep so much better now . It is great for fibromyalgia sufferers & pregnant women .
 This pillow truly supports your whole body ! It alleviates the pain in my lower back by having my leg lifted when I sleep on my side . Also , it craddles my back . I also enjoy wrapping my arms around it . It 's a very comfortable pillow .
 I am starting my fifth month of pregnancy and bought the pillow to get used to sleeping on my sides . At first , I was scared of the size and concerned it might bother my husband and my little dog that sleeps next to me . I tried it and absolutely loved it . My husband cuddles up next to it and my little dog uses the pillow as well and sleeps in it with me . We joke around about the size , but it is really comfortable . It is a must have during pregnancy .
 I looked at all the different types of body/pregnancy pillows on Amazon and finally settled on this one . I am pregnant and have recently gotten to the point that I just can not get comfortable in bed . I have had this pillow a week now and I absolutely love it . It was worth every penny . It 's like sleeping in a nest , it supports me beautifully and its very comfortable .
 I bought the comfort U pillow and is wonderful ! I found the pillow to be a little firm for my head/neck , so I just turned it upside down like another reviewer suggested . Then , I can use my own down pillows that are a lot less firm . But , for supporting your leg , tummy , and back during pregnancy , the comfort U is perfect . The only issue I have with it is that the cover that is included is a little rough and develops little balls on it . Also , your partner will get frustrated with the comfort U because of its size . But , if you sleep alone -LRB- perhaps just for the last couple months like me -RRB- or if you have a King size bed , then the comfort U is a must have ! I tried to work with multiple standard size pillows , and trust me , it is not the same as the comfort U !
 I originally found this pillow in a magazine and wanted to get it but it was quite expensive . I found it on amazon for much cheaper and bought it that same day . My mom loves it and works well with her fibromyalgia .
 I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia several years ago . Mornings had become agony for me ; too tired to want to get out of bed , so much pain in my back and hips I could n't wait to get up . I have been using this pillow for several weeks now , and my mornings have been completely transformed ! I sleep so much more comfortably and experience virtually no pain upon waking . I am 5 ' 11 '' , so it is not to long for me , and the pillow is just the right height for my head , too . I am also a cold sleeper , so the body heat reflection that another reviewer noted is a plus for me !
 I have trigger point and muscle tension problems and the extra support from the comfort U pillow has helped me sleep much more comfortably . I like to sleep on my side and realized that I was holding too much tension in my back and not relaxing enough . Now I just cocoon myself into my comfort U and tuck it in along my back and I can relax more deeply . I hate to go anywhere without it even tho ' it is rather big and bulky to try to take anywhere . At first I thought it was a lot to spend on a pillow but it has been worth it . Previously I had used body pillows but the comfort U gives far more coverage and I do n't have to roll my a body pillow over with me each time I roll over and my comfort U has n't gone flat like the previous body pillow tended to do . I admit it would have been nice to have when I was pregnant too but those days are long gone .
 This allows my wife to have support on all sides during sleep . She now can sleep through the night with waking . This is an exellent buy and well worth the investment .
 The comfort U pillow was a great investment for a pregnant woman ! I loved how easy it was to puchase and the fast delivery time , too .
 This was a Christmas request from a teenage granddaughter . It may have been a mistake to get it since she loves it so much , there may be a problem when school starts again . Honest comfort .
 This was the first and last purchase from amazon . Your service was absolutely terrible . I paid extra for an expedited service and was let down . I will never make another purchase from Amazon again untill I am made felt that my business was appreciated .
 Excellent product . I use nearly every day for baking . roasting vegetables and cooking casseroles . From oven to table it 's just great .
 Great product for the price . Looks like the much more epensive types . Very good value.Leaf Fireplace Screen - Colonial Brown -LRB- 29Hx 24Wx .88 D '' -RRB-
 These plates arrived just as expected . NOte
 They 're beautiful ! The quality seems to be excellent ! Catching the free shipping made them a very good buy !
 I absolutely love these plates . The color is so vibrant and rich , it really made my table pop ! I envision using these plates for many functions because the color will pair nicely with many others .
 This dinner plate set is my second purchase of the Fun Factory line . I was so impressed by the look and feel of the cereal bowls that I decided to purchase the entire line - one set at a time . The salad plate set is now on the UPS truck . Speaking of delivery , let me just say that each set comes impeccably packed in bubble wrap by UnbeatableSale , Inc. . Not a ding or chip in the box . The dinner plate itself matched perfectly with the cereal bowls I already own . The `` cherry '' color is a fiery brick red that is almost irresistibly iridescent in its beauty . And it does n't fade in the dishwasher . I purchased the Waechtersbach Fun Factory line to , eh , serve as every day dinnerware , but they dress up nicely enough to use for company . The brilliant cherry color makes any menu instantly appealing . Highly recommended for quality , value and style .
 My review says that I ordered the yellow ones but I actually ordered the cherry . I picked up these red dinner plates at a discount store for a party I was having and loved them so much I have ordered more from Amazon . The discount store is the kind that you can only get them in a limited time frame and limited order . They were much cheaper there but do n't have any more so I am willing to pay the real retail price . We have a floor plan that opens from the kitchen to the kitchen dining area and then to a great room . The color scheme in all rooms is red . grey . white and black.The breakfast/dining table is glass with a black base . I love mixing these dishes with some white ones and with some bowls that I have that are black and white . The overall effect amazing .
 You ca n't go wrong with Waechtersbach Fun Factory dinner plates . They are durable , heavy , well-made and the colors are incredible . I love the lemon peel color . It is such a fun , upbeat happy color . We like to mix and match several color dinner plates -LRB- lemon peel , orange peel , kiwi and chocolate . Makes a beautiful and fun dinner table - always gets compliments .
 This is the second set I have ordered . Love the color just wish the color was all the way trough
 I have a hard time opening wine bottles , but I did n't want to spend a lot of money of the screwpulls that instantly pull out the cork . This 3-in-1 corkscrew is a nice alternative . It gets the cork out just with a few turns of the handle , without any pulling on my part .
 Once the cork screw has started into the cork , I use one finger in the large hole to spin the cork out . This cork puller is way cool and works very fast and efficiently . Love having the foil cutter and bottle opener wings on the sides .
 I used several corkscrews in the past but this one is a wonderful surprise to me . It looks deceptively thin and cheap but in reality , it is anything but that . It is very easy and effortless to use . There is no sign that the screw is strained when it pulls the cork out . As an engineer , I see no reason why the manufacturer has to make it any heavier than it is.I got it as a gift and can not complain about the price . Yes , it may be a bit expensive but I think it is worthwhile . I am very happy about it and will recommend it .
 I have 4 + wine openers in my house and this is my favorite ! Error proof ! I have never had a cork crack or break while using this opener ! I bought this one for a friend for Xmas because she calls it the magic opener ... I 've had mine for over 5 years and as happy as a clam about it !!!!
 Good corkscrew . Works well . Choose your favorite color . I would buy again if my current one disappears .
 Some people call it cheap and flimsy . But I call it thin and delicate . and that 's how it should be when you 're opening a wine bottle . It is extremely easy to pop out the cork with this corkscrew . It also works with synthetic corks . No extra strength required at all . Believe me you 'll be amazed after using this product . It comes with a nice container , which is a bonus .
 Laguiole knives are a pleasure to use and this one is wonderful to hold as well as an excellent slicer . Some pie and cheese cutters have a blade which is too wide for the purpose and it is awkward to use . This blade is ideal for both narrow and wide wedges . The curve at the end of the blade allows the user to easily pick up a piece of cheese or pie.The true test , however , is the ability of a knife such as this to get the first slice of pie out of the plate without it crumbling and making a mess - and this knife does it beautifully!It is also easy to clean and does not get water spots!It 's a five star !
 This set is wonderful - the design is playful , but sophisticated at the same time . I had a hard time finding beautiful china that is n't overwhelming-The colors are pretty mute , so you can use a number of colors with it , for your linens . I have been using lavender or silver table linens with this - and it looks great with the pattern.ALSO - this line is extremely durable . You can really bang it around & it does not chip -LRB- which is always a plus !!! -RRB- Enjoy -
 This clock is a nice size clock and very nice because you can really see the numbers across the room and the pirate theme is just right !
 Good quality clock that I gave as a gift to someone who loves pirates and did not have a clock in her office .
 I was very happy with this order . Product I received was exactly as specified . It came in it 's original packaging and it arrived when promised . I would definitely recommend this seller .
 Simply the best innovation in kitchen gadgets ! I have limited storage but love to cook & bake . These cups & spoons are comfortable to use , easy to identify sizes , and best of all fold almost completely flat to fit in my overstuffed tool drawer . Love Them !!
 These are great for use in my travel trailer where space is at a premium . I like these so much , I 'd like another set for home !
 A great idea ! I love these because I have a small kitchen with little space . The only downside is they can be difficult to clean because it 's not a hard , solid surface , your basically cleaning a sheet of rubber .
 Not designed for heavier flatware . Expansion feature is nice . After some finishing nails and a little wood glue we are good to go . It is now a permanent drawer divider though .
 I have looked everywhere for just the right utensil organizer and finally found this one . It expands to fit so looks customized , and it really keeps everything neat in the drawer . I like that it is wood , too - it is easy to clean and will look nice for years . The wood also makes it look like a built in unit in the drawers which makes my kitchen cabinets look more uniform and well built .
 Purchased this product for my bathroom drawer where I keep my makeup , etc. . It is a high quality product and adjusted to my drawer very well . Would order again .
 This is very good quality , looks great and functions well . I think it would be even better if two sides expanded , then it would exactly fit almost any drawer size .
 This is a great product to organize your silverware or any other items really . It fit perfectly into my kitchen drawer and works like a charm . I would definitely recommend this to anyone needing to tame those unruly drawers .
 This is a well made , strong wooden drawer organizer . Although I have only had it for a month , I strongly believe I will enjoy it for many years . True to size and color as listed and shown . I am very happy .
 I am so happy with this product . My drawers stay neat , clean and most umpotantly organized - I can find everything quickly .
 glass globes would be a welcome addition to thesewonderful little pepper and salt grinders , with 1 hand yet , the glass woul make it feel more professional , or legtitament if you will thnx bert
 given as a gift to a family that entertains a lot and needed the salt grinder . This made a perfect gift and works great . .
 These are very good for the price . The handles do feel a little ` cheap ' to the touch , but work exactly as designed . Simply designed , and the attached magnets make these a fantastic space saver , I placed mine on the metal overhang above my stove .
 These are definitely a conversation piece . You 'll even have people who never salt and pepper their food want to use these .
 love the product - it was hard to find so i was happy to finally get them . great service . thank you .
 The pepper ans salt grinders are fabulous . Do n't understand why it gets so many bad reviews ! It works great , gives out as much crushed pepper as a regular small pepper mill does . And the pepper and salt coarseness are perfect too . Plus it is very handy unlike traditional mills where you have to rotate with both hands . Great product !
 I got these as a gift and really do like them . I just stick them to the fridge -LRB- magnets -RRB- and always know where they are . They are easy to use altho I do find they release less salt or pepper than you first think ... so you have to squeeze more times than you normally would . It takes some getting used to.This is very handy to have , easy to use and its nice to have a small set to pass around at the table . I am also glad you can graind the salt ... some sets are for grinding pepper but not the salt .
 With these salt and pepper grinders you 're less likely to over-spice your food . My grandson -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- loves using the salt grinder . It 's fun for him , and he gets to salt his food without overdoing it . Some people might not like the small quantity you get with each grind , but I think it 's a plus .
 I like these and I give them out as gifts . I do n't use them I just keep them on my refrigerator to look at
 I love these mills . They re cute and easy to refill and look great stuck to my micro hood . They make great gifts to people who like to cook . The best thing about them is you only need one hand to use them .
 My husband surprised me with two dinnerware sets and I was so impressed , that I asked him to buy me a third set so we could use it when we got company . The dinner plates are a fairly good size without being TOO big and the design is so elegant that you will want to use it with your guests . The bowls are wide and not too deep , so they are perfect for salad and/or soup . All the pieces are beautiful to look at . I 'm proud of my dinnerware set and you will be too . ENJOY !
 I love these dishes . They are exactly as pictured and they perfectly match my kitchen . They can go in the oven , microwave , and dishwasher .
 This is a great pattern for a special occasion or every day use ... well worth it !!!
 I must say , this is a must buy !! Perfect for special occasions
 High quality , light weight and uniquely interesting pattern . Adds fun to the dining experience and cleans up like a dream in the dishwasher . Arrived in absolutely perfect condition and was packaged exceptionally well .
 Tired of traditional all white dishes ? This set hit the mark for me . Basic white with a modern `` arty '' Miro/Calder pattern that is unique yet not overpowering . My husband loves the look.Plus they are elegant yet durable enough for every day use . Sopractical . I am very happy with this purchase . I had been looking for new dinnerware for awhile . I was ready to pay $ 150 or more per place setting , so I feel like a got a great deal .
 a bit small then i would like but it was nice . Got it for my son 's History class and it worked out great
 I ordered this I thought in plenty of time for it to get here before Christmas . The window was from the 12/22 to 12/28 . I got it on the very last day . I thought to mail this took too long .
 These are the most beautiful everyday dishes . They go perfectly with my kitchen . Dishwasher and microwave safe . The bowls are the perfect size for pasta . Not as good for cereal .
 Man I was nervous about getting this cake dome , simply because everyone was saying it arrived damage ... well amazon did a great job , I got my cake plate in time for christmas and its in one piece ... Thank you Thank you ... OH yeah did I mention that it was a beauty sitting on my table ...
 I bought 6 -LRB- 1 arrived broken -RRB- of these cake platters to hold a variety of cakes at my wedding . They are very heavy and sturdy . What 's even better was the price !!
 THE PRODUCT IS GREAT I ORDERED 5 AT A TIME THE FIRST DEL. . NOT ONE CAME UNBROKEN THE SECOND CAME UN-BROKEN BUT THAT WAS BY ACCIDENT THE PACKING WAS STILL BAD . THIS STILL CAN BE USED AS A BOWL .
 Like most people who are occasional bakers , I made do with putting my layer cake experiments on a regular platter covered with 3-4 sheets of plastic wrap . OK for just the family , but a complete embarrassment in front of guests.I 'd seen some lovely cake stands at Crate & Barrel and Martha Stewart , but I did n't want to spend $ 50 + for something I would n't use that often , plus most I 'd seen did n't come with a cover . When I saw this one on Amazon , a small investment of $ 15 for a stand and dome seemed just about right . I was n't expecting much , but when it came in the mail I was very impressed.The set is very simple -- no filagrees , etchings or geegaws attached -- but heavy and well made . The glass is thick enough that I do n't fear breakage in handling or cleaning . The stand itself slopes up on the edge , so the dome fits snugly and will not slide off . The set is large , and will accomodate an 11 '' cake and it would not be a great choice for travelling , due to its size and weight . But I love the retro look -LRB- just like at my local bakery -RRB- and will sit proudly on my kitchen counter .
 This is my first domed cake stand . I got it because I wanted to display a round layer cake for Christmas , and did n't want plastic wrap to mess up the frosting . 2 stacked nine-inch cakes fit perfectly under the dome if you 're careful as you put it on - there 's not a lot of extra room ! I think 8-inch cakes would be easier , but the 9-inch ones DO fit if you center them exactly on the platter . The glass is just the right thickness - nice and sturdy without being bulky . I 'm not worried about chipping the rim when I put the dome on . The knob handle gives you a good grasp of the lid , and the ridged pattern around the base is beautiful and retro . I ca n't speak to any breakage during shipping , because I got mine at a store ... but you sure ca n't beat the price ! I got mine for $ 9.99 , and it looks and feels like a much more expensive product . Gorgeous . I expect it to last many years . I 'd buy it for friends and family in a heartbeat . The punch bowl it makes seems well balanced and stable , although I have n't actually used it for that yet . It does make a relatively small punch bowl , but you can always refill it ! Do n't limit yourself though - I imagine you can also use the `` punch bowl '' feature to hold trifle , salads , etc. . I love this cake stand and would n't trade it for any other . Highly recommend !
 I bought this cake dome at least 2 years ago and am still using it today . It is very sturdy and the glass quality is pretty good , especially considering the price . I paid something like $ 15 at the time which is an incredible deal .
 Nice Cake Dome ... . can convert to a punch bowl too . Very heavy duty and nicely made . Maybe slightly top heavy and big for small children to get into
 This is a great cake dome -- it 's beautiful and the price is n't bad ! But I actually found it a few days after I used it the first time at Target for $ 15 . I could n't believe Target was cheaper than Amazon -- that rarely happens ! So check there first . Still , I think it was worth way more than that , so if you do n't find it there , definitely order here on Amazon !
 I did read a good many of the other buyer 's views on this before I purchased it , so to say it exceeded my expectations is n't entirely true . But I must say I was delighted . It was packed super carefully in it 's own box , and then sunk into yet another , larger box with a great deal of bubble wrap . My first impression was how heavy this item was , a very nice heft that would n't crack or shatter the minute you tapped it or loaded it wrong in a dish washer ! No ugly glass ` seams ' were apparent , and best of all , the plate portion was perfectly and symmetrically seated on the pedestal . So many that I look at in stores are ever so slightly on a tilt that they really should be listed as seconds , but this was perfectly formed and put together . I 'm not a cake baker , but I love how a nice loaf of artisan bread -LRB- or what have you -RRB- looks inside these domes.Great item for the price .
 I always wanted to purchase a cake stand and dome just to have one in the kitchen . After looking around at a few places , I found this one and kept it in my cart . Amazon told me that there was a price reduction one day , so I bought it then . I purchased it for $ 19.99 . The dome part is very heavy . It 's also made in America , which to me is the best part . I 'm ordering one for every woman in the family for Christmas .
 I love it !!! First let me say that im not a chef or even someone who bakes a lot , however i bought this because when we do bake a cake it always starts to get stale or if we wrap it well the frosting comes off with the wrap . This product is great we baked a cake a week ago and the cake is still super moist and the frosting is still perfect . The glassware is surprising heavy for the price . . I was expecting a cheap thin piece of glassware that would break if you set it down wrong . . That wont happen with this , it is very solid . . I would recommend it to anyone !!
 I was looking for a basically inexpensive and sturdy cake dome and after reading the reviews , decided to purchase this . I must say I was quite surprised when it arrived !! Very sturdy glass , not cheaply made at all and it doubles as a punch bowl . I was highly satisfied with the product and the price and when compared with the quality-it was a steal !
 I bought this cake plate a few months ago . It is very heavy and sturdy , which I like . The bottom part flares out to the sides very nicely , which is very decorative . I like that the bottom is so wide and attractive . The top is very nice and wide and does n't hit the sides or top of a cake , so does n't scrape icing off the way my old cake plate did.A very nice product , and one that I would purchase again .
 Very beautiful , simple , sturdy and great value cake dome . Quickly shipped by seller and received in good order . Highly recommend for those looking for a practical yet stylish cake dome.Anchor Hocking Presence Cake Dome Set
 Packaged well and received in excellent condition . Looks as pictured , heavy weight glass , substantial size and attractive design . Very reasonable price as compared with many others . Very happy with purchase .
 Love these cake plates especially for the price . They are perfect ! Shipping was fast . Definitely recommend !
 I ordered this cake stand to present a red velvet cake I made for my husband . It was perfect and the cake stand easily accommodated a double layer , 9 '' cake .
 Purchased iwth Amazon Prime , it got delivered in two days without any damage . Shape and size are perfect for my sister who is getting this for Xmas and to use during her house parties .
 I love this , i picked mine up from another store for only 9.99 it 's greay and heavy duty , keeps cakes and pies fresh and bug free and when there 's not a dessert in mine it 's upside down being used as a fruit bowl.Great for the value and simply attractive in a classic way
 I have owned one of these for more than 8 years . Its great for cakes and cookies -LRB- to keep little ones out of them lol -RRB- . I also love that it can be used as a punch bowl . You really , for the price , cant go wrong with this item .
 This stand is awesome I love it !! And you can turn it upside down and use it as a bowl .
 I know almost everyone says the same thing , but this really is a beautiful cake dish . Even when empty it looks good . The glass is thick , heavy , & solid . A must have if you bake on a regular basis just for presentation purposes .
 This is my first cake dome . It really is beautiful , and does it 's job of keeping my baked goods fresh while displaying them nicely . It is heavy and sturdy . My only issue is the rounded handle ; although it adds to the classic beauty , I would prefer if it were flat on top so that when taking the lid off to cut/serve cake I could put the dome down upside-down . This really is only an issue if you are working with glaze icing that is dripped on and makes somewhat of a mess . My roommates ended up living icing rings all over our table when they were helping themselves to cake ! I definitely blame my roommates more than I blame the cake dome though !
 Every person should have one of these in their homes - even if you do not bake cakes yourself . It creates a centerpiece for the holidays and birthdays for the cakes and even when you 're not serving cake you can flip it upside down and serve punch in it or a salad -LRB- yes , it doubles as a raised bowl ! -RRB- When I bought this on Amazon 2 years ago it was about $ 15 but even now it is still a great price - just look at the other similar glass cake domes , this is a bargain . It matches with every dining room . And do n't try going to a bidding site to bid on it - when I wanted one it was in demand so it was definitly a fight . My suggestion is buy this one here . 2 years later and its still holding up just nicely . When food is n't in it , its pretty enough to leave on the top of my grandmother 's bookshelf in the living room . I plan to have this for life .
 This is a very sturdy dome . It is exactly what I was looking for . I can not wait to use it ! It is multifunctional too ! It can be a punch bowl or salad bowl , it 's big enough you can even serve finger food or cheese off of it . It does not feel like it will break either , very easy to handle . Perfect !!
 I love the fact that this has such clean lines , nothing fussy or cute about it . It is very heavy , and the top especially so . Not sure if that 's a plus or a minus , actually ... I gave this as a gift to a family with kids , so lots of birthday cakes . They were very pleased with it , and I see it being used at their house quite a bit . I think it looks a lot more expensive than it is , too , so that 's a sneaky little bonus for me .
 My daughter wanted a plain , covered , glass , raised pedestal cake plate , but could n't find one she liked . I gave her this for Christmas and she loves it ! It is sturdy enough to take to parties and not worry about breakage -LRB- not to mention being dishwasher safe ! -RRB- but delicate enough in appearance to grace any table or dessert . The bonus feature is the inverted lid and stand creating a `` punch '' bowl for various beverages , trifle of all kinds , fruit , etc. . It is the perfect , and versatile , piece for entertaining , and desserts on the plate can be kept fresh just by replacing the lid . I am very happy to have purchased this product as a gift , and am planning on buying one for myself .
 This is a really great Cake stand with dome included and it is heavy duty and looks absolutely beautiful and when I 'm not using for cakes I use it as a fruit bowl and punch bowl so it is a multi use product and I would highly recommend this product .
 One of the best purchases ever made . It is very sturdy but elegant . Being a multi-functional piece makes it very handy . Bought three of them .
 At first I was put off by the plastic stand . But the dome is very heavy and could easily chip a glass stand . This design looks good , but is too top heavy to leave in reach of children . It will hold a fresh baked loaf of bread which is great . The knob on the dome sags to one side a bit . Overall I love it .
 The glass is thick and feels / looks well made . The cost was a bit more than others , but after reading a lot of reviews this is the one to get .
 Recieved this for Christmas and I think it is very good quality . It looks nice and the glass is good quality .
 This cake set was exactly what I was looking for . I did n't even realize it until I received it , but it also doubles as a punch bowl !
 I was teased rather mercilessly after I first purchased this domed stand , but it quickly one of our favorite kitchen storage pieces ! In addition to its old-fashioned beauty , it is a wonderful storage and serving piece for cakes , pies , and tarts . The dome is very solid to protect desserts but also fits nicely -LRB- and heavily -RRB- onto the base , keeping things fresh at room temperature . Highly recommended !
 I re ` cd my so-called cake dome in record time . I did n't use it as a cake dome . In fact , I switched to its alternate personality and used it as a punch bowl . In fact , that 's the way this little jewel will probably be used most of the time . This was a replacement for one that was very similar . The original served a short but useful life -LRB- I broke it -RRB- , and I needed a new one desperately for my annual Halloween Spookfest . I put my Witch 's Brew Punch in it . I promise to be more careful with the new one .
 I was looking for a replacement for the dome that I fractured after many years of use . Unable to buy the dome I wanted separately , I opted for this set . It is sturdy and fulfills the job of letting you see the baked goods while keeping the product fresh . I have found other uses for the plate portion . I thought it was a good buy .
 I just love these plates ! My husband bought them for me because I love dachshunds and one of the plates pictures one . The plates are very sweet -- just the right size for little appetizers or desserts . The pictures have a nice , detailed quality to them . The illustration style is cute , and very French !
 This Caleca Original Italian Amalfi 5-Piece pasta bowl set is a great addition to my colorful collection of dishes . I have a huge collection of Fiesta so this set is perfect for mixing & matching no matter what the menu ! Some of the vibrant Fiesta colors compliment this pasta bowl set and they look great on the table as well as on display ! I 've used the bowls for chili & rice , homemade chicken noodle soup & a variety of salads . The serving bowl is wonderful not only to serve pasta , but fried chicken , roast beef dinner with all the fixings , or a large tossed salad for any size family gathering . It was a great purchase !
 This Caleca Original Italian Amalfi 5-Piece pasta bowl set is a great addition to my colorful collection of dishes . I have a huge collection of Fiesta so this set is perfect for mixing & matching no matter what the menu ! Some of the vibrant Fiesta colors compliment this pasta bowl set and they look great on the table as well as on display ! I 've used the bowls for chili & rice , homemade chicken noodle soup & a variety of salads . The serving bowl is wonderful not only to serve pasta , but fried chicken , roast beef dinner with all the fixings , or a large tossed salad for any size family gathering . It was a great purchase !
 How can a product achieve pefection ? Anchor-Hocking must know the secret because their Stainless Steel Diner-Style cake plate set is unsurpassed in terms of quality , design and function . This product will not disappoint the customer who seeks retro styling nor those seeking ultra-modern design . Once it arrived I assembled it -LRB- EASY -RRB- and this is one of the very few items which looks even more attractive on your table than in its ' picture at the site ! I am a perfectionist and yet even after taking the Diner Cake Set out of packaging the Stainless Steel did not require washing or wiping , unbelievable quality . It 's flawless . How often can you find a retro-style product that has retro-style QUALITY ? This product delivers on all counts . I know `` it 's ONLY a cake plate '' but ... you know , it 's not
 Wonderful product - heavy weight and well made . This has been a delightful and useful addition to my 50 's style , diner kitchen .
 This Stainless Steel & Glass Diner Cake Set is gorgeous ! If your thinking of getting it for yourself or a gift , dont hesitate , you will not be disappointed ! The glass dome is heavy which is great , not flimsy thin glass at all . Looks great sitting on our buffet .
 I love pink for my kitchen and this was a stunning looking bowl . It was also a quality product . It was solid and in perfect condition . Thanks ! Linda
 Cake stand is so impressive-lovely to display any type of pastry , or cake . Domed lid is high and very functional-tall enough to cover a large cake or large amount of pastry . It is versitile in the way that you can reverse the bottom and top to create a beautiful punch bowl or serving bowl for a bowl-type dessert . As a matter of fact , I was so impressed the day it came in I re-ordered 2 more-one for my mother and 1 for my aunt !! Until now we had never seen a square pedestal & dome ! You will not be dissapointed with this piece .
 I first have to say the Union Square Cake Dome and matching tidbit tray arrived at my home with not ONE scratch , crack , chip or any other mutilation ! It arrived on the very first day of the estimated delivery date.The cake stand and dome are even more impressive looking than the picture gives them credit for . I was impressed with the stability of the items and was surprised at how heavy they are , witout `` looking '' heavy . They are quite functional and can accomodate sizeable cakes , as I have found out . I am beyond pleased with this order and am glad that I ordered it . It is difficult to find `` square '' cake plates with covers , I have found . I have an antique square cake tube pan that was my grandmother 's and have found it difficult , to say the least , to find a covered cake plate or stand to accomodate it . FINALLY!The tidbit tray is equally heavy and functional . It looks beautiful with the cake dome on the table . I have not used it , yet , but it will be useful at family dinners especially during the holidays . It is very stable and it not likely to tip while in use . It is large enough to accomodate an impressive amount of food . The pattern is beautiful and is not easily seen in the picture . I am looking forward to using these items together SOON!Thank you for your prompt service and for your excellent method of packaging !
 I could n't be happier with this cake dome . I wanted one that was a little bit different - not the same old round ones that are so abundant . It 's very sturdy , even though the dome is quite heavy.We store doughnuts , breads , bagels , cakes , and all sorts of things in it , and it always looks so beautiful . It 's also functional for a centerpiece ; for Christmas , we are going to flip it into `` punch bowl mode '' and have floating candles in it , with holly surrounding the base.It 's a great cake dome , and if you 're looking for something that is a little more special , this is the dome for you . I had no troubles at all with shipping . It got here fast and in one piece ... although I do agree that Amazon.com should consider putting packing peanuts or something of the sort into the actual cake dome 's box , just in case . I can see how some people 's domes were broken when they got them.All in all , a great buy !!
 This cake dome has a great appearance . It would n't look out of place in any setting , and with a five inch vertical clearance it offers plenty of space . The biggest surprise was the `` heft '' -- From the photo I was expecting something much lighter and I was delighted to discover how substantial it is , weighing in at over 10 pounds.The punch bowl aspect is a great bonus ! I was concerned that the inverted dome might be `` shaky '' or slippery on the pedestal , but it seems surprisingly stable ... the pieces do n't `` lock '' together , but they do fit together solidly . There 's no need to be concerned about it coming apart or falling over from a small bump.The only negative aspect has nothing to do with the item , just with the shipping . The two-piece dome is packed by the manufacturer in a sturdy box with protective inserts -- quite adequate for display in the store and taking it home with you in your car , but obviously inadequate for shipping . If the package were to be shipped in just the manufacturer 's carton it seems quite possible that it will not arrive intact . I wonder if the first one I ordered was shipped this way , because it was reported as `` destroyed in shipment , merchandise discarded '' by the shipping company . Since it never arrived -LRB- and was never returned ... -RRB- Amazon required almost a month 's wait before treating it as lost and sending out a second one.Once the replacement was shipped , it arrived quickly and safely , with the manufacturer 's box having been safely enclosed in two other boxes , and sufficient packing material between layers.The moral of the story ? It 's worth the wait , but plan ahead for a possible delay in receiving it !
 everything it says to be !
 Still have this works great my food is kept fresh inside the dome , so has a good seal to it .
 I finally found the size I was looking for . None of the local stores had the size rod I was searching for . As a matter of fact a friend of mine also needs this size so I will be ordering them for her . : -RRB-
 I purchased this set for myself , because I fell in love with the design . A piece was chipped in the first shipment , but Amazon sent me the replacement immediately . I appreciate their quick response . It might not be the `` every-day '' set , as it is rather fragile -LRB- otherwise , I 'd rate it 5 stars -RRB- , but the design is wonderful . A perfect gift !
 My wife is very happy with this set of dishes that we recently purchased through Amazon.com . They are everything she had hoped and expected them to be . My happiness is more related to the purchasing experience . One dish arrived broken and I was very pleased with the efficient , fast and convenient way you handled the replacement . Thanks for a good buying experience.Bob Cordes
 I liked it overall - always great Mikasa quality , just wanted to warn others , that advertised `` crisp white background '' came in rather milky-creamy-off-white color . Definitely not white .
 I am very happy with this product and I bought two sets to replace all my mismatched dinnerware . This set looks very delicate and greenery enhances the look of the meal . Coffee cups although very little surprisingly pleasant to drink from . The set is very sturdy too , I still have all my pieces after several months of use .
 This 20 piece Calla Lily Dinnerware set is exceptionally handcrafted . Your guest will be surprised to see how stunning this set is . I am very satisfied of my purchase and any Calla Lily collectors will be amazed .
 Delicate but sturdy . Makes every meal enjoyable . Lovely calla lily set on a creamy white background .
 when I received one of the boxes , one bowl was broken of the 20 piece set . I sent back per amazon and received another box , again with one broken bowl . Amazon requested that I keep the set and they would credit me for the one bowl . I can order the bowl as an open piece and hopefully receive it unbroken . I was happy with the pricing ; less than if I bought thru Mikasa .
 This is one of those items that you keep loving - year after year . I 've now had this set for 3 years , and I still have n't found any other set that would compare . It took me a long time to decide , and I 'm glad this was my choice ... I liked it right off from the first time I saw it , and it handles wonderfully in the dishwasher as well .
 Purchased a few sets of these beautiful dishes . Arrival was very quick . One set arrived with a broken cup and pasta dish . Contacted Amzaon via phone and they sent me a replacement set right away . I was also told not to return the set with the broken two pieces . So I now have a few extra pieces just in case I happen to break one.Great shopping experience and wonderful customer support . Also , ca n't beat the price .
 I have been wanting this pattern for some time now , so I finally ordered it -LRB- 3 actually -RRB- and they just arrived , very well packed , not a scratch on them , and on time!And you ca n't beat the price from Amazon , I saved about $ 75 on each set !
 I ordered these as extras , as I already have two sets ; They are durable and beautiful ; Amazons price was amazing , better than anyone else ;
 I 've owned this specific set of china for the past 6 years and absolutely love it !!! I 've had no problems of chipping or cracking and the set is used and placed into the dishwasher on a regular basis . I fell in love with the pattern and it does n't disappoint ! Another fine product from Mikasa .
 We purchased a set of dinnerware made by Mikasa . The set was very beautiful . And the delivery was very prompt . Unfortunately the outer box was so big that middle box which carried the Mikasa box was moving about so much that by the time the package arrived at our house a teacup and a soup bowl had been broken into many pieces.We emailed you right away to let you know about the damage but we have not heard from you . We think that it is not fair that we have to pay the full price for an incomplete set of dishes . We would like to receive the rest of the set because we do not think that anyone would like to pay $ 100 for an incomplete set of dishes no matter how beautiful they are.John Lam .
 I decided that if I was going to pay $ 3,000 for a new fridge , it was time to get rid of the old , ugly things I used for hanging keys . These work very well , look nice , and do n't slide once place and filled with keys on rings .
 I bought 2 pkgs of these hooks to use on our stainless steel fridge . The color looks great . I used them to hold potholders and oven mitts and they work fine for this purpose . They are attractive and not as utilitarian-looking as some of the other magnets on the market .
 I needed 2 hooks to hang on my refrigerator for my potholders . These were so attractive -- knew they would match my refrigerator perfectly . Magnets are strong -- I could hang my keys -LRB- 9 keys -RRB- on it if I wanted to . Perfect for hanging any type of towel or potholder that has a loop on it . But because the hook part is smooth and not that deep , it is difficult to hang a kitchen towel on it as it keeps slipping off . But these were pretty and perfect for what I was looking for . And I have 1 extra if I can think of a use for it !
 Very strong magnet for the size . I only wish the hooks were a little bigger . Kitchen towels sometimes slide off .
 I wanted to hang up my cotton apron on the side of the fridge . It 's strong enough to do that . Yay !
 YMMV , depending on the surface -- in my case , hanging a heavy-duty oven mitt on a textured fridge amounted to inexplicable slippage in some places but not in others -- BUT , considering that these magnets have to be pried apart from each other , I 'm doubtful that I would have had that same issue on a stainless steel fridge .
 Great little hooks , and fairly strong . Not quite enough vertical strength to hold up a jacket , but holds my chunky keys wonderfully .
 Not a super magnet , but strong enough for a few keys - or anything you want to hang with similar weight .
 I have them hanging on the fridge in the kitchen to hold every ones keys . They are plenty strong enough to hold the keys .
 These are great i have no place for towels and kitchen mits and potholders ... these work great on the oven and the microwave . . not VERY strong but will hold mits , and pot hlders well ...
 Perfect size and weight for spreading anything from jelly to butter on toast or crackers . And with just enough razor edge to help cut anything you might need to .
 This is one of the few tensions rods that actually looks good ... unlike the usual ugly tension rods .
 Not top of the line , but adequate . Purchased for my son-in-law . He 's happy with it to use with his woodburning stove in their first home . I would purchase it again .
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 2 2 2 2 2 2 2
 Works great . Would like to have tongs added as one of the tools . Balancing act to keep it upright on carpet , but does okay if you angle the shovel and the poker crossways on the rack .
 I really like this set . They are not cast iron or heavy duty , but do the trick very well . For this price , they are fabulous ! I have had a fire nearly everyday for weeks and this set is serving my purpose with no problems at all . And they are attractive . Bonus !
 This is the same set we have had for twenty five years . Its reasonably priced and I hope it lasts as long as our set has .
 It is very good quality for the price . Met my expectations . Would recommend to anyone needing a basic fireplace tool set .
 to any one that has a fire place and could not afford a fireplace insert . I love that you can open the doors and you have the screen there to protect against any sparks .
 Solid cast iron ... that is the material used on the base and the poker . The broom and shovel both seem a little light-weight but at this price , they are perfectly acceptable . Assembly was insanely easy . Functional and handsome . Excellent value
 I was looking for a small set to put next to my electric fireplace as an accent piece , and this set is perfect . It was not expensive and is perfect in size .
 I was looking for a simple set of fireplace tools and this is just what I needed and fairly priced .
 I have a very small fireplacd and burn mostly fake logs , but occasionally I do burn wood and this little tool kit is just what I needed without having to spend an arm & a leg . I do n't think it 's sturdy enough for a large fireplace , the amount of wood I use in my little fireplace its perfect .
 this is a nice set of tool for the fire place . easy to put together . takes p very little room
 This is a bargain , and nothing more than that . For the price , it is as expected . I notice no problems , tipping issues or anything negative .
 Great for the price , stand is small only bad thing but the tools are strong and have a nice look to them .
 Product arrived as advertised . I do n't have any stability issues as others have commented . The unit tests on level tile next to the fireplace . Great purchase if your renting a place short term that has a fireplace .
 For thirty bucks , I was n't expecting much . After reading the reviews , I knew not to expect much . I went so far as to add J-B Weld to my order in anticipation of wobbly joints.I 've used it on one fire so far , and I have no need for the J-B Weld yet . When assembling it , the threads all seemed to fit quite well -- very snugly , tight , and firm . No wobble . Ca n't beat the value of these . And all it takes is to J-B weld if it ever starts to `` go cheap '' on me .
 This was just what I expected -- a good value for the limited use it will get . As others have mentioned , the assembly instructions could have been clearer so that one would know which parts to screw onto which rods , but it worked out . The rods are numbered in the instructions but the actual parts are not labeled and each rod is a different length . The rod with the longest threads is used for the stand . No problems at all with tippiness . The assembly instructions call for three nuts , but only two were provided and only two are shown on the diagram . Bottom line
 great product . my husband loves it . his old one was all rusted and well used , so i was very excited to find this one -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . nothing special , very basic , but works fine for in his manstand at the farm .
 This fireplace tool set is just what we needed . We 've experienced no problems at all with it tipping over and are very pleased with the quality which exceeds the price .
 Great deal for the price . I have not had a chance to use it yet , as I could not find a set in my budget until fireplace season was over . However , my 12yr old was able to easily assemble the set and it looks nice and feels sturdy .
 It was about everything I expected because I read the reviews first . I wanted something that would be very inexpensive , but would serve the purpose . So far I have no complaints I have had several fires in my fireplace and it has served the purpose for which it was intended quite well.Each piece is a good weight in your hand , the stand is a little unstable but I just set it close to the hearth wall and its ok.Overall I am very happy especially for the price I paid for it .
 I also read the reviews on this product before puchasing it . I like to do my research before I buy . It does tip over easly , but you ca n't beat the value of this product . If you can put it against something solid it does n't fall over as much . The shovel on this set is better than my mother 's set she purchased , and her set was more expensive . On my mother 's set the shovel actually broke off . On this set I do n't see that happening , as it is thicker and sturdier . Also , if you receive the set and the bristles on the brush are slightly bent , just use a blow dryer on it , and the bristles straighten right out . I love this set , and I would buy it again just for the quality and value .
 When shopping for a Fireplace Tool Set , my criteria were for it to be simple , devoid of ornate designs . I also wanted a solid black color instead of brass or silver accents . I wanted each piece to be functional , and for the stand to be sturdy and stable while maintaining the smallest footprint possible.The Uniflame 4-Piece Triple-Plated Fireplace Tool Set met my criteria . I often find that the manufacturer 's picture makes the product look better than reality . That is not so with the Uniflame , hence , `` what you see is what you get . `` The problem with many fireplace tool sets is that the stand is often wobbly . The Uniflame 's stand is perfectly stable , and all three pieces fit well and are easily retrieved without knocking off the others.The non-porous finish makes cleanup easy . I just run a little water over the ashed ends of the poker and shovel and they look as good as new.Given the low price of the the Uniflame 4-Piece Triple-Plated Fireplace Tool Set , I actually expected the quality to be `` cheap '' . I am glad I took the gamble , as I was pleasantly surprised by the quality .
 I was looking for an all black fireplace tool set for my son , and this one was perfect !!! All black , just like I wanted , and not too expensive ! When it arrived , I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the item . I give it an A + ! Thank you so much !
 I bought this for my husband , for our outside firepit . He loves it .
 Bought this item for use in our firepit and it works perfectly . Did not want to spend a lot of money since it is for outdoors but it is made very well for price and would purchase again !!
 It was easy assembly and a great price and gets the job done great . The reason for the 4 star rating is1 . The handle SOMETIMES does twist when you are using the poker to flip a log and turning it counter clockwise -LRB- which is easily fixed but just making sure to go from left to right and twist clockwise while flipping a log -RRB- 2 . The brush has a metal cover on it but the black metal piece at the top of the brush does not connect . -LRB- does not matter because you do n't lift the brush up in the air -RRB- Great buy for the price and looks great , cleans it great , and I suggest everyone to buy this model to save money unless you have a HUGE fireplace you may want a bigger set .
 I also needed an inexpensive set , holdover just for this winter , then buy something better next year.Didn ' t really need any instructions to put together , but later realized should PROBABLY read the labels for the Various Rod parts prior to assembly.I noticed the Handles or Poker ends would screw on a little loose . I unscrewed them , and restarted . They are meant to go down deep on the rods , past where the screw ridges end . Once tightened very well , there is no problem with loose handles , brush nor poker.The Brush did come a little scrunched up , will follow the advice of another reviewer to use the blow dryer . The item is actually 3.5 stars , since it says it comes with 3 nuts - but only two are supplied -LRB- I scoured the packaging , its not there -RRB- . The missing Nut holds the base of the Stand Rod to the Set Base . Thus , the Stand Rod is a little wavering . However , this ALSO seems to cause less of a tip-over problem , since the unit just tilts a little , and does n't include the base in that tip.It looks good , not grand , with the fireplace and colors in my living room . Debating whether I will call for the third nut , but it functions fine without it so far . Recommended for those in need of basic tools for the fireplace AND are on a tight budget .
 Good product . Got it in a timely manner . Does exactly what it is supposed to do . Not too expensive and just as good as the rest of the tools that are over priced . The tools work great and have been used a lot this winter .
 These plates arrived just as expected . NOte
 They 're beautiful ! The quality seems to be excellent ! Catching the free shipping made them a very good buy !
 I absolutely love these plates . The color is so vibrant and rich , it really made my table pop ! I envision using these plates for many functions because the color will pair nicely with many others .
 This dinner plate set is my second purchase of the Fun Factory line . I was so impressed by the look and feel of the cereal bowls that I decided to purchase the entire line - one set at a time . The salad plate set is now on the UPS truck . Speaking of delivery , let me just say that each set comes impeccably packed in bubble wrap by UnbeatableSale , Inc. . Not a ding or chip in the box . The dinner plate itself matched perfectly with the cereal bowls I already own . The `` cherry '' color is a fiery brick red that is almost irresistibly iridescent in its beauty . And it does n't fade in the dishwasher . I purchased the Waechtersbach Fun Factory line to , eh , serve as every day dinnerware , but they dress up nicely enough to use for company . The brilliant cherry color makes any menu instantly appealing . Highly recommended for quality , value and style .
 My review says that I ordered the yellow ones but I actually ordered the cherry . I picked up these red dinner plates at a discount store for a party I was having and loved them so much I have ordered more from Amazon . The discount store is the kind that you can only get them in a limited time frame and limited order . They were much cheaper there but do n't have any more so I am willing to pay the real retail price . We have a floor plan that opens from the kitchen to the kitchen dining area and then to a great room . The color scheme in all rooms is red . grey . white and black.The breakfast/dining table is glass with a black base . I love mixing these dishes with some white ones and with some bowls that I have that are black and white . The overall effect amazing .
 You ca n't go wrong with Waechtersbach Fun Factory dinner plates . They are durable , heavy , well-made and the colors are incredible . I love the lemon peel color . It is such a fun , upbeat happy color . We like to mix and match several color dinner plates -LRB- lemon peel , orange peel , kiwi and chocolate . Makes a beautiful and fun dinner table - always gets compliments .
 This is the second set I have ordered . Love the color just wish the color was all the way trough
 Perfect for daily use or a special occasion . Light weight , easy to clean , and resistant ! And it also looks great !
 I love this setvery strong and very pretty too !
 We got this for our son with sensory issues as an alternative to a more expensive therapy swing . If you use it without the cupholder and foot rest , it works just fine , and since it 's hanging inside , we do n't worry about wear and tear . Just make sure you have a swivel joint at the ceiling for it.Hanging in a kids room , it will generally fall very close to the ground , so be sure to shorten the cord to a higher level for a taller child .
 I love these mugs . Tres stylish , and very fun to hold . They are big enough for a decent sized drink -LRB- 16 oz . -RRB- and the color is tres cool . If you order a cake stand -LRB- Anchor Hocking Presence Cake Dome Set -RRB- you get 6 mugs free . A very decent deal .
 Love these mugs and great to know that I can get replacements when the need arises . Fair price , great shipping and safe , timely arrival.Paula
 Bought some of these mugs at a specialty coffee store with the store 's logo on them and they lasted for years . Replaced the broken ones with this set and am more than happy with them . They are a good size for a decent cup of any hot drink , have decent size handles , and are stable when set down . Would recommend them highly .
 These mugs are great ! Generous size , clean-up nicely - no tea or coffee stains to deal with ! Love the cobalt blue color . Ca n't beat the price ! GREAT DEAL !!
 I just received 2 sets of the Anchor Hocking Cafe Mugs . The 16 ounce is really nice and big for coffee or tea . I used them and they keep liquids nice and hot , also very easy to clean in the dishwasher . Im getting two more sets to give as gifts.I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a large cafe cup .
 I am glad I bought this . The tiered design saves counterspace for parties and dresses up the simplest of appetizers or sweets . The rest of the time I use it instead of a fruit bowl . It is attractive , but not dainty or fancy . Easy to assemble , though a little tinkering may be needed to get it to align straight .
 Do n't Break the Bottle , wine caddy edition is a wonderfully polished and challenging way to give a gift of vino . This year I gave a bottle of Christmas wine to my mother . After the delight of opening the present wore off the realization dawned that there was a bit more work to be done to get at the bottle . Now even a few days after Christmas I still call to ask if she is enjoying a glass of her wine yet . The puzzle is rather simple but with a complexity that is just right for general gift giving . The caddy looks great , is sturdy and makes a excellent display for your favorite bottle . The caddy holds regular bottles of wine but if there is too much variation on the shape of the bottle it may not fit . While shopping I recommend taking the caddy with you if you are looking at different shapes and sizes of bottles to be sure it fits . Also if you want to put in something of a non-alcoholic variety many types of sparkling juice would fit as well . The directions on how to put the puzzle together as well as how to solve it are not very straight forward . But take your time , have fun , and do n't break the bottle .
 This is not a children 's toy , obviously . It does , however , make a great gift with a nice bottle of wine to any puzzle-loving adult in your life . I bought it for my sister who found it a bit of a challenge to get the bottle out , but liked that she was n't able to solve it easily either . It provided just enough challenge , then we enjoyed the newly freed wine . She has it displayed by her wine area and everyone needs to try it out when they come over for dinner . A good conversation piece !
 I think this is a very clever gaget ! While it took me 4 attempts and a lot of talking to myself , I finally got the wine locked in ! Since this was a Christmas gift I wanted to put it back in the box . If the box were just a little taller it would have been so much easier to do this !! My son-in-law thought it was hystrical ! I hid the instructions and I do n't know if he got it opened.I think it is attractive and a nice way to display wine .
 Want to have a little fun with your guests before you give them alcohol ? This is a perfect gift , or conversational piece at a party . It 's not impossible , but def makes one work to get the wine bottle out to drink .
 This gift for my brother at Christmas got more attention than any others . My sister and I hid upstairs for a good 20 minutes trying to get it together , which for us was fun . `` No , that does n't look like the box . Let me try . '' `` Maybe the German instructions make more sense '' -LRB- neither of us read German -RRB- . Our time was well-spent
 Not only is this fun , the directions were easy to follow , and you can use it as a centerpiece on a table !
 This makes a great gift . We had fun -LRB- and frustration -RRB- putting the bottle of wine in the Caddy and the birthday boy is still trying to figure out the puzzle to get the wine bottle out of the caddy !
 When I purchased my house new last year the builder threw in this Emer vacuum as a sort of hose warming gift . I 've used it now for a year have been very happy with it . Ofourse I have been just as happy with my 99 $ Kenmore Magic Blue canister vacuum . Both have strong suction , turbine driven floor attachment , cord rewind , and are both very easy to use BUT the Kenmore costs 1/4 of the price , has the power switch on the handle rather than down on the unit , and replacement bags are much easier to come by . Did I mention that the Emer is 4Xs THE PRICE ?
 I am glad I bought this . The tiered design saves counterspace for parties and dresses up the simplest of appetizers or sweets . The rest of the time I use it instead of a fruit bowl . It is attractive , but not dainty . Easy to assemble .
 These mugs are hard to find in Stores . I was thrilled to find them on line and for such a good price !
 These cups are easy to clean and drink from . the color is excellent.A worthy addition to your home .
 In light of the negative ratings , keep in mind that the observations in this review are accurate , they may no longer reflect this particular product . The original review was written in 2008 . Keep in mind , the product may have changed , but that is speculative.Sensus is/was a Foamex product . -LRB- I 'd done quite a bit of research and -LRB- through some prying phone conversations with Foamex -RRB- found out that they once supplied Tempurpedic . -RRB- They are THE memory-foam authority . -LRB- Let that sink in for a minute . -RRB- If Tempurpedic chose this company to make their products , it must be top-quality . I own this particular topper and I can say it is everything you want a memory-foam product to be ; resilient , durable , firm , supportive , responsive and COMFORTABLE ! I promise , you wo n't be disappointed with it.I 've also `` done the math '' and figured out the actual density . My Sensus topper has a density of 5.3 pounds per cubic foot ; the exact density of the Tempurpedic topper . So there 's no skimping on density , here . I reiterate , the up-front price is tiny compared to the long-term value . Expect 5 years of flawless performance from this dense foam . You may even get ~ 10 years out of it , depending on use.Some generic info about memory foam : There 's a few things you MUST consider , it 's long but I think you will find this helpful . # 1 Density . Density refers to the weight of the foam given a certain volume . It is measured in pounds per cubic foot or lb/ft3 . As a rule , the higher the density , the firmer and more resilient -LRB- durable -RRB- the foam . There are exceptions to this rule , but that 's for later . Generally speaking , a density of less than 3lb/ft3 is extremely soft , very low resiliency ; it 's bottom of the barrel stuff and should be bought as a super light-duty item -LRB- for your toy poodle 's bed . -RRB- Foam with a density between 3lb/ft3 and 3.9 lb/ft3 is marginal ; expect it to be very soft and to wear out after a scant year of regular use . Densities of 4lb/ft3 - 5.3 lb/ft3 , you 're into the better range ; expect this foam to be soft to medium firmness and to last for 2 years of regular use -LRB- at the high end of the range , up to 5 years -RRB- . Memory foam with a rating of over 5.3 lb/ft3 is where the quality products are found ; these products can best be described as medium-firm to firm and should last 5 years or more -LRB- you pay for what you get . -RRB- There 's even an 8lb/ft3 foam on the market ! -LRB- Good for the supportive middle layers of mattresses . -RRB- Some important notes
 I have bought sensus memory foam pads for every bed I have had to sleep on in the last few years , and I love them . -LSB- ... -RSB- My first Sensus mattress topper was a 4 inch version from a bedding website and that did cost me over 400 and I still felt that it was worth it , but i would have given up the inch and just gotten the 3 inch version on overstock if I knew it would cost less than half that . The shipping costs on overstock are almost nonexistant as well . Maybe the person who said it wore out after 5 years would n't be so upset if he/she only paid 170 . That would work out to only $ 34/year .
 Comfortable and long lasting . This saved the cost of replacing my current mattress . Worked well on an adjustable bed . Highly recommended .
 We purchased this item.we found it a bit too soft for our needs , as soon as I contacted the seller , he answered back within 10 minutes , and gave us the best customer service we ever delt with any seller.Who ever would like to try the product , the most important thing is to know that the seller is backing you and any issue you have , you have who to deal with.I would recommend this seller to anyone I could .
 I ordered this sofa about 3 years ago for my two boys . This sofa was well worth the money . I know that there are some less expensive options out there but , keep in mind , you get what you pay for . After three years of everyday use , there is n't a single tear or sign of it wearing out . It gets sat on , jumped on and slept on regularly by two very active boys . I ca n't say enough about how pleased I am . I definitely have gotten my money 's worth already and have several more years to come !
 I ordered this for my five pet chihuahuas . If they all want to get on it at once , I open it out into a sleeper . The pillows that came with it are of a high quality .
 I was in search of a glass cocktail shaker rather than a stainless and was pleasantly surprised finding this beautiful set . My personal experience is that the strainer on stainless shakers can be difficult to remove to rinse out between cocktails . Feigning a similarity to Anchor Hocking 's Depression glass series entitled `` Manhattan , '' this set is quite nice . This glassware , also made by Anchor Hocking , is named `` Celebrate . '' My only annoyance with it is that the -LRB- 9 oz . not 10 oz . -RRB- glasses are just too large for a single martini and a too many double martinis can be a problem . Oddly enough , the -LRB- 18.5 oz . -RRB- shaker seems disproportionate to the glasses . However , with it 's excellent horizontal rib styling I can easily overlook that . The shaker itself also has a rubber gasket at the top so that it prevents leaking , but can be a little difficult to take off the lid however , not as bad as a stainless model . While Amazon.com listed this product as taking 1-2 weeks for delivery , in reality it took nearly two months to arrive . All in all , if you have the time to wait this is a wonderful modern-retro set to add to your bar . -- Dawn Marie , -LSB- URL -RSB- - 2002
 Great Gift Great Value - I had to get one for myself . The glasses are over sized and the shaker stirs up a great batch of dry Martini 's . I love the retro glass look and the shaker has a seal to prevent leaking while shaking your favorite drink .
 glasses are awesome . They look great and they are larger than your average martini glasses . All my friends loved the glasses when I had a martini party.The shaker looks great , but alas , it leaks all over your hands when shaken , despite having a seal . So be careful !! But for this price , it 's still a great buy .
 This is not the Martini set for Martini `` fanatics '' but for someone who wants to whip up a couple and have `` correct '' glassware its really not bad.I based my rating of four stars mostly on function and price . The shaker works well enough . It is necessary to get the top correctly fitted on the lower glass . Since this shaker is made of glass there is a rubber gasket at the top that keeps the setup from leaking . This makes the large top -LRB- not the cap for the pourer -RRB- a bit difficult to remove and replace if your not careful . Once you 've done it a few times it becomes much easier.The glasses are reasonably strong -LRB- actually a bit heavy -RRB- for stemware . They are very large -LRB- will take up shelf space -RRB- but a shaker divided four ways is about right -LRB- Martinis should n't really be `` sloshing '' in the glass -RRB- . This is not the prettiest set under the sun . The glass is okay but certainly not top end . Much more of a casual or outdoor set than something for a high end cocktail party.Long story short this is a relatively easy to use , low cost , martini set that will let you make better martini 's than if you tried to mix them in a typical cocktail glass.Tip of the day
 Compared to all the other martini sets I 've seen for around this price , nothing even comes to close to the quality or the amount of items you get . For 4 glasses and a good shaker , I would expect to pay a lot more for these high quality items ... especially since most of the shakers I 've seen are very flimsy and this one is definitely heavy duty ! I have not had the leaking problems or opening problems that some of the other reviewers had . Maybe they do n't close the cap tight enough ? I also had n't had any problems with breakage . I 've had this set for over a year now and it 's been great ! I also think size of glasses is perfect and our martinis come out perfect . And the bee-hive design is so hip !
 at a very attractive price . This set reminds me of the one my folks had in the 50s .
 I got a similar set -LRB- 3-pc with shaker and 2 glasses -RRB- . I agree with the other reviews about the shaker , it leaks a little bit . I suggest getting another shaker , but keeping this one around as a back-up OR wrapping a small towel around the leaky seam . I like the texture of the shaker and glasses . It 's classy and not so overdone that it 's tacky .
 This is really a great item . I love the design of it and the retro feel -LRB- that doesnt cross over into kitchy -RRB- . Its has a substantial feel with really nice size glasses ... a huge plus as some glasses are really too small.I have given 2 as gifts and I have one set also . Really great price too .
 I actually bought this as a gift for my husband . He is very picky and particular making it hard to buy for him , but this was a hit . He loves the retro look and says the styling makes it 100 % easier to make martinis
 AWESOME FEEDBACK FROM MY BEST FRIEND WHOM I PURCHASED THIS SET FOR AS A CHRISTMAS GIFT !!! I , MYSELF LIKED THE STYLE AND IMMEDIATELY THOUGHT IT WOULD BE A GREAT GIFT TO SEND HER THIS YEAR SINCE SHE 'S SUCH A CHOCOLATE MARTINI AFFICIANADO ... SHE LOVED THE SET SO MUCH THAT SHE HAD A MARTINI THE SAME NIGHT SHE RECEIVED THIS SET , `` NEED I SAY MORE ? ''
 We installed cabinets into our laundry room and wanted a short tension rod to hang clothes straight from the dryer . This rod can hold a fair amount of weight and looks so much better than those white rods you find everywhere else . We 're very happy with our purchase .
 Does exactly what it needs to . The pressure mounting system and pole are boh sturdy and well made . Strong enough to hold normal weight curtains . Would happily buy these again .
 I have a tiny shower , it is only about 32 inches wide . I had bought a really nice Rod at the department store , and it was too big . I looked in every store , from Target , to Home Depot , to Macy 's , and none of them sold a rod so small . The only one I found at one of the stores was an ugly white plastic rod.I looked all over Amazon , and this was the only curtain rod that would fit my shower , and it looked better than the white one at the store . I bought it and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived . I was thinner than I expected , but it looked very nice .
 I am pleased with the rod as it fit the small shower enclosure . It did fall only once after I put it up , but I retightened it and it 's remained in place ever since . Excellent value for the dollar
 I still have n't read the description for this product . I just know Umbra makes decent curtain rods and I really needed a brushed nickel compression rod for my kitchen window over the sink . This rod screws to expand or compress the rods total length which makes installation a snap . No screwdriver required .
 I bought this for a narrow entry tiled shower . It was very hard to find a tension bar that would work for my 26 '' shower opening - not to mention I wanted a nickel or chrome finish . The bar fits snugly , but is not as heavy as I had hoped . It hold a thin shower curtain very well , but would not hold up to a heavier curtain . Perfect for my use /
 This rod has an acceptable design for an old house shower , so far has not shifted , nice ends , looks substantial .
 Works just as described & looks nice . I actually own two of these & purchased both on Amazon . Thanks Amazon
 I really like the rods , they fit great in the small space I had to work with . I needed a shower rod and the ones at the store were too wide . this one worked great !
 These tension rods work very well for the curtains I have . The tension is good and they were easy to insert inside the window frame . They look nice too .
 I would buy them again thay look good and work well.I need them in our bath room we have a large shower I need two of them.fit great .
 Excellent price and value for the item that matches beautifully all the other items in the guest bathroom . It is sturdy and does the task of protecting the shower and bathroom perfectly .
 This is a great shower curtain rod . Easy to adjust , holds up great , and its pretty ! Great product for the price !
 I wanted soemthing that would look stylish but needed a tension rod . this really fit the bill for look and price . Works great in bathroom and kitchen windows for valance and curtain however I do not believe this would be sturdy enough for heavy curtains or a shower curtain . It is perfect for smaller windows and looks lovely . easy to install .
 It might not be the strongest but so far it has done it 's job very well . It looks very nice and I am pleased . Just make sure that you dont leave it loose or it will fall on your head . Overall a nice product for the price .
 This is a great rod if you need if for a little space . It is stylish while being sturdy . The accents on the end bring out more charater than other plain rods . Had a strong resistance so it stays up on the walls . Holds a material curtain as well as a liner and hase n't budged . Love this rod and would buy again .
 This rod works really well . I 'm shocked that this tiny thing can hold up to ten coats . We use it in a small space as a coat rack . It 's really thin and I did n't think it would work . I 've had this for several months now and it is still holding the coats up -LRB- winter coats too , we are in Utah -RRB- . Impressed with this little guy .
 I bought it for my kids room.Easy to install . sturdy . Even when falls -LRB- my toddler pulls the curtain down -RRB- it takes 5 seconds to put it back up.Very good purchase .
 We are using this as a curtain rod in a tight window space of a bedroom . Great and attractive solution .
 the rod itself is pretty thin but sturdy . i 'm happy with the product , and tension system works s well as you can hope for . i like it , i said my piece , now i 'm wasting your time with more dribble so that my review is posted by this site .
 This is a nice rod for a shower curtain . My one star deduction was because it is tiny , only 1/2 '' diameter . Normal rods are 1 '' diameter .
 The tension rod was purchased to hold a shower curtain for a small shower . Although quite attractive , the rubber on the ends was not strong enough to hold a shower curtain . It did n't specify as to what kind of a tension rod it was . I will hopefully use it for a regular curtain .
 I am pleased with my Umbra tension rod . I needed a rod with no hardware , because my new house has concrete block walls and deep window wells . This tension rod fits the bill and is a very attractive too .
 Ca n't say enough good about Umbra ! This rod is simple in style , easy to use , and of good quality . I use it to hang a curtain in a doorway -- perfect . Not much more to say ...
 This rod is exactly as described . It probably ca n't support a tremendous amount of weight , but holds my window coverings securely without difficulty . I really like the appearance .
 I bought these five years ago and they are still going strong . They serve their purpose well .
 I use this in my doorway to hang up a curtain instead of a door , and it has served its purpose very well so far . I have n't had to adjust it since I put it up , and it does n't feel flimsy or unstable . It 's a good , solid curtain rod . I 'm using relatively light curtains from Target , so I ca n't say how well this thing would hold up to heavier curtains , but for me it 's been great .
 I really like this . The presentation that it makes on it 's own is wonderful.Threee seperate pieces . Can be used stacked or alone.Very nice .
 I 've been using these for two years and am ordering another dozen today . Why ? The clear glass lets the beverage take center stage , they are well balanced , durable , and have a curved lip that lets the drink flow well positioned into your mouth , much like a fine wine glass.Highly recommended.Checking back in after using them for another year and am still enjoying them . I have no complaints about duability . I have broken a few , but it has been due to `` operator error '' and ca n't fault the design or material.I did buy another box of six to keep the cabinet full , they are still my favorite mug . I love being to see the beverage and clensed glass .
 Because I drink a lot of coffee and tea , I like a large coffee/tea mug , otherwise I find myself having to refill the mug too many times . I think these 16 ounce mugs are the perfect size . The thickness on these is just right -- not so thick that it over-cools your drinks , but thick enough to feel substantial.The lip is nicely rounded and slightly turned out , making it comfortable to drink from , and the handles are a good size for a man 's hand . My only complaint is that when you put water in the mug from a faucet -LRB- mine has fairly high pressure -RRB- , the rounded bottom can send the stream back upward , splashing up and out . This does n't happen with flat-bottomed mugs.Anchor Hocking also makes a cobalt-blue version of this mug which is physically identical . They 're quite pretty to look at , but I find that giving coffee or other beverages a bluish tinge makes them seem unappetizing .
 Its a great mug for both hot and cold beverages . And since it is glass it goes with everything . I like the fact I can put all of the same cup on the table with my corelle ware regardless of what people will be drinking . It is heavy duty but with the handle and the lip at the bottom easy to hold even for someone with limited mobility . And I love the size of it . When I drink coffee I always want two cups worth so this holds it all at one time .
 These are nice large mugs for big drinks !! They feel nice to hold , are sturdy , yet are not heavy in the hand . They are very comfortable to drink from . It is difficult to find very large mugs as nice as these !!
 These mugs are a nice shape and just the right size , not too large or too small . They feel very good in your hands and it 's nice to be able to see what you 're drinking ! One thing ... one mug in the box arrived broken , but they sent me a new set in 2 days , so I 'm completely happy .
 Lovely , durable , dishwasher/microwave safe and perfect for chai tea . Everything tastes better in these cups . I grew up drinking out of glass tea cups , so these remind me of cold days when the glass would warm up from the boiling water and warm your hands . There is something comforting when drinking from these cups . ~ The Rebeca Review
 I only use these during the winter , but they are so wonderful for warm winter drinks . Hot chocolate with whipped cream , hot apple cider with a cinnamon stick , hot buttered rum , mulled wine , homemade egg nog . Mmmmm.When I received these I promptly dropped one on the tile from about five feet . It damaged my foot on the bounce more than it was damaged . Actually , it was completely fine - not a single chip . Big , thick , durable - everything they should be .
 Look no further if you are looking for a large mug for tea or coffee in the winter , or if you 're just tired of running to the fridge to refill your drink . These mugs are stylish , sturdy and holds a lot of liquid . It 's hard to go back to ceramic mugs after this , as these clear glass mugs lets you see what you 're drinking and are so lovely ! I had a hard time finding 16 oz . mugs anywhere for less than $ 3 or $ 4 each and these are not only cheaper but better looking too . I have had no problems with chipping , because having no dishwasher I wash them by hand . Each mug stands 5 inches tall with an opening of 3.75 inches in diameter .
 These lovely glass mugs comfortably hold approx . 12 ozs . I contacted manuafacturer inquiring why the mugs were advertised as 16 oz capacity when they hold only 12 and was advised they measure all the way to the brim . Yep , I tried it and the mug will hold that amount but you wo n't be able to pick it up without spilling it!I 'm keeping them as they are easy to keep clean .
 Anchor Hocking 16 ounce Crystal Cafe Mug
 I 've had two of these for about a year . I use it for making coffee with a # 4 Melitta filter cone directly into the glass . I like it because I can see when the glass is full , so I do n't accidentally overflow like with opaque mugs . Also , it 's big enough to hold a nice sized cup of coffee , with added milk if I want.We have granite countertops , and they have held up fine with no breaks or chips . But , it is glass , so if you allow it or close neighbors to move around in the dishwasher , it could chip , because it flares out at the rim , and is not super thick there . I 've never had a problem , but then , I do n't overload the dishwasher.The only minus is that the bottom is dished , so it collects and holds water in the dishwasher .
 I got these mugs for the little women for X-Mas . She loves making my coffee in them and watching it change colors when she adds milk . The result is a cup of coffee with just the right amount of cream . Also , it 's nice to have a big coffee after drinking all night and this cups size is just right .
 I 've been making my morning tea in these mugs for several years -LRB- no problem with pouring boiling water into them yet -RRB- , and my mate has been using them occasionally for beer for just as long.They work well for tea or beer - the thick glass and the raised foot help keep liquids at the right temperature , and sixteen ounces is a bottle or a long-steeping teabags worth.My only problem with these is that the rims chip in the dishwasher . I dont ' know if that 's just my dishwasher , or because I put them next to heavy Arcoroc glasses , but I 've found three so far with a slice taken out of the edge . -LRB- Which I then smooth down with a diamond wand -RRB- . Anchor-hocking actually redesigned these to have a less flared lip a couple of years ago , so they may know about this problem . -LRB- The new ones chip too , just not as often -RRB- .
 The product came as described . It arrived ahead of schedule and in perfect condition . I am very please with my purchase .
 I broke all my really large , ceramic latte ' cups and needed new large cups . I love these so much , I 'll be buying clear cups from now on . They 're perfect for my weekend latte 's , and I ca n't help but drink my weekday coffee from them , as they 're so pretty . I have n't had any trouble with chipping .
 I 've been looking for some heavy glass mugs with handles for some time . These fit the bill perfectly . Probably would n't have purchased them at the regular price , but the sale price them an offer I could n't refuse . Well worth the price and more . Love them .
 I have had a couple of these mugs for several years and love them . I usually hand wash them so maybe that is why I have not had problems with chipping . When I do set them in the dishwasher , I make sure no other items are against the mug 's protruding lip . For tea if you use bags , you want to see how strong it is so clear glass is best . I like to wrap my hands around these on a cold evening . These are very attractive and the substantial heavy glass bottom makes them quite stable . Highly recommend them .
 I have had 12 of these 16 oz . mugs for some time now and think they are the best . Have had no chips , but am careful that no glasses touch other items in my dishwasher . I have given these for gifts and the recipients have asked for more of them for xmas next year . Thanks for an excellent product .
 The mugs are attractive and hold a generous amount . They can be equally useful for coffee , tea , juice or even ice cream ! I gave this set as a gift with a French coffee press and the giftee was very happy .
 These mugs are excellent . I did n't want to use ceramic mugs after I received my shipment .
 My partner and I are very pleased with these mugs that look good and have the right feel about them . We use them for both coffee and for tea and the extra large size make them perfect . We have used them for about three months and have not found any problems with the lips chipping in our diswasher which another reviewer had complained about . The prices at Amazon are better than the same mugs at local stores . Just try to get free shipping ! We are very happy with this purchase .
 The mugs are very nice , but I guess I did n't think of the 16 oz . size , as a result they are much larger than I would have liked them ... other than that they are very nice and will be put to use ...
 Product was delivered FAST !! Arrived in perfect condition and are sturdy and well made . I am very happy with them .
 These mugs are large enough to satisfy most thirsts . They are perfect for lattes and other espresso beverages . The clear crystal matches all kitchen sets !
 These glass mugs are the best ! Their size is just appropriate and easy to hold . They are not too heavy . I bought them so I could see the color of my coffee and teas , so that I could see their strength . Also , for some reason , the glass does not have visible water-spots when it dries . For some reason , it 's always pretty spotless . Easy to clean too !
 Received it in the expected time frame . Excellent quality poster , thick paper . Certainly resilient and you 'll be able to easily move the poster from one spot to the other . However , I recommend framing it .
 I looked everywhere for a nice , simple design . I must have browsed hundreds of different styles . Anchor Hocking 's Bolera set is just right - simple but not obviously.The glass is just wide enough for cleaning thoroughly by hand and the bottom has a nice weight to it as well - not easy to knock over . The sides are n't terribly fragile , but they 're not uncommonly sturdy either . I have broken a few .
 Very fast shipping and excellent transaction with Amazon . Could n't be happier with these glasses , had them five years now and they are still wonderful .
 It 's amazing , I purchased a set of 8 of the Old Fashion glasses 5 years ago and still have 7 left -LSB- the 8th suffered a fall onto our tile floor -RSB- . They are good looking , nicely balanced and used regularly . Washing in the dishwasher has n't been a problem !!! I do n't know how anyone could be sorry for buying these glasses.By the way , comparing these glasses to others offered they are very inexpensive.I 'm placing an order with Amazon for another set .
 I love the look of these , and they 've been a great value -- about seven years ago I bought four of all 4 sizes , and only two are gone -LRB- my grandchildren love the oversized ones -RRB- ! In 40 years , I never found glasses that went with everything , and survived , so I 'm stocking up with this large set of my favorite sizes . Thank you , Amazon.com !
 These are very attractive looking glasses that feel very nice . They are well made and not flimsy , yet they are not heavy to hold . They make whatever you are drinking seem to be more of a treat .
 Though the Carlyle glassware is currently out of stock , I decided to write a review assuming they 'll be back . I bought these glasses over a year ago after noticing that I was down to mismatched glasses in the cabinet that I did n't like much.After looking around the store , I decided on these . Generally , I like to buy glasses at a physical store because of the `` touch '' factor . Each of the exterior widening `` steps '' in the design helps keep the glass from slipping from one 's grasp . Simple , but very cool idea that looks good too . It 's been great for kids -LRB- runs in the family -RRB- . They come out of the dishwasher looking great . I also like the idea that this is an old design from the 1930 's . Finally , maybe the best thing ; they 're tough , and do n't break when you 'd expect . We 've accidentally knocked them off a side table onto our marble floor too many times and are always amazed that they 're in one piece.These are great for everyday use and I highly recommend them .
 Very happy with purchase . Item was shipped fast , nicer than expected and the price was very reasonable . Ping to be a nice Christmas gift .
 There are so many details in here dress and face that she almost comes alive .
 I love Jim Shore items and the caroler is great . I ordered the man , booy and girl caroler .
 I just bought it a few days ago . Does n't do miracles but the suction is great , works well on both carpet and hardwood floors , the noise level is reasonable . The only disadvantage is sort of cheap plastic construction but for the $ 89.99 I paid for it I can live with it : -RRB-
 I bought several sets of this for a recent pool party and as a ` test ' to see how they look , feel and perform . Everyone at the party thought they looked great , matched the decor , and worked well . As far as cleaning , I chose to hand wash them all instead of putting them in the dishwasher so I ca n't comment yet on how they wash in the dishwasher although they are dishwasher-safe . Overall , a nice product and very reasonably priced . If you want something more expensive looking try Alain Saint-Jonais mito true box wood -LRB- bamboo look -RRB- flatware . It 's beautiful but much more expensive ! I got several of their pieces as serving spoons , serving forks , punch ladles , carving knives , etc. to somewhat match this set from Cambridge . Cambridge does n't offer these pieces which is a downfall . Other than that , very pleased .
 We love the flatware , due to the design . Attractive and dishwasher safe , but not too sturdy .
 I am very satisfied with the quality and durability of this product . I love the design of it as well .
 I bought this for my Hawaii house and it is such a treat to have tropical silverware at a great low price .
 Loved this gift item . It is the quality that I had expected of the external material , clasp , strap and glassware .
 Got this for a friend of mine and he loves it ! and especially his wife ! Great construction , quality - awesome gift .
 Great leather gift for 3RD anniversary . Only setback that it had no engraving , had to get a metal plate with engraving . otherwise , GREAT
 Very durable and classy case with everything you need for a nice glass of wine anywhere . It includes a corkscrew , re-usable , cone-shaped bottle cork , glasses and some cute little napkins for proper , clean serving . The straps are sturdy and securely hold the bottle . The carrying strap is removable , so you can use the handle or the strap . Recommended for wine enthusiasts that might have the occasion to take their wine on the go .
 beautiful set . made for an awesome gift . would recommend to anyone trying to buy a gift for a wine drinker .
 I registered for the Noritake Colorwave place settings when I got married five years ago . They have held up wonderfully , despite our rough treatment -LRB- we wash them in the dishwasher and stack them to store -RRB- . Only a couple of pieces have any chips . They are slightly heavy , which my husband loves , and they simple colors compliment everyday living . They do eventually show little scratches and chip occasionally , but I have never had one break .
 I have owned this collection -LRB- service for 12 -RRB- for 21/2 years and I love it . I have the chocolate brown color . I actually purchased from Macy 's , not Amazon , but I wanted to comment since several people have left negative reviews and I have had none of the problems mentioned . They are our everyday set , and we only wash our dishes in the dishwasher . They are still in beautiful shape - no scratches , nicks , or chips at all . We also do n't have kids yet though . I love these dishes - all of mine were well made -LRB- I inspected them all out of the box before we started using them -RRB- , and I really liked that they were a stoneware but do n't show the metal marks from the utensils like others do.The only issues I have found with them are
 I was searching for other pieces to add to my set and was surprised to see all the negative reviews , so felt compelled to add a review noting my good experience . My husband and I received 12 sets of the 4-piece place setting -LRB- 6 green and 6 graphite -RRB- for our wedding 4 years ago and have used them extensively as our everyday dishes since then . We always wash in the dishwasher and are not especially gentle -LRB- these are everyday dishes after all -RRB- and have not experienced any chips nor any silverware scratches . And we 've definitely banged dishes together in the sink , and on the edges of the granite counters around the sink . Every piece in the set still looks brand new after 4 years of daily use . I love the simple style , and the various other plates/bowls/platters / bakeware that Noritake continues to introduce to complement these dishes . I will agree that certain brands of plastic wrap do not like to stick , but I rarely store anything in the fridge in the bowls/plates . My husband and I spent a long time deciding on this set when we originally registered , and we could n't be happier with our choice .
 Though I did n't buy them through Amazon , the Noritake Colorwave -LRB- green -RRB- that I bought through Macy 's over seven years ago has held up wonderfully for my family . We use them every day and have never -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- lost one to breakage , they show no scratches and have no chips . The color and shape is consistent throughout the pieces . We have dinner/salad/cereal bowls for 12 plus 2 vegetable bowls and a large serving plate . We put them in the dishwasher and store them stacked ... a great product that has worked out really well for us !
 Gosh it is a bummer when the previous comment dealt with shipping time , not product quality . I just bought a couple open stock bowls in a local store and am looking for more pieces at a competitive price . You knowhow most stoneware now has nasty rough edges on the bottom ? Not thisset from Noritake-as smooth as fine chine . The nicest stoneware I havefound since I bought Mikasa many years ago . The color is a deep , softmaroon . Do n't quite know why they call it raspberry . Great dishes !
 I like the simple design of Noritake Colorwave dishes , but was unhappy with gray marks from metal tableware . I have discovered that the right dishwasher detergent takes care of this . I was using a phosphate-free powder , for ecological reasons , but it was not getting my dishes clean . Researching this , I learned that in the last year , phosphate-free dishwasher detergents have improved a lot , so this problem may go away by itself . Otherwise , try a different phosphate-free detergent ; the tablets seem to work best .
 I absolutely love this set of dishes . They are dishwasher safe which is a must for me , and microwave safe . The dishes have a nice weight to them , they are not overly heavy or too light . I have been using this set for 8 months now , and I have no complaints at all . I would defiantly recommend this set !
 For our wedding registry , we chose this Colorwave set . That was more than ten years ago . I liked it because the color -LRB- we have green -RRB- was attractive , and it was n't too fancy for everyday use . The set has held up fine , with the exception that two out of twelve bowls have nicked . The bowls nick more easily than the plates and coffee mugs , which have n't nicked at all . Considering it 's been ten years , I do n't think the nicking problem is all that bad . I just have to be extra careful with the bowls . They tend to nick when I 'm washing the dishes and accidentally bang them against one another .
 Got these when we did our wedding registry 5 years ago , have used them every day since and they still look brand new . These are our standard daily dishes and are heavily used , and yet there are no nicks , scratches , or any other marks on them . They look the same as they did straight out of the box , despite plenty of abuse and dishwasher time . We get many compliments on these pieces and most people seem surprised how durable they are . The color is very versatile and can meet the occasion , whether casual or more formal . Price is great and there 's a reason these are still around after 5 years -- they last and are a great product ! There 's a lot to be said for the fact that they 're still so widely available , since that can be the challenge when getting dinnerware
 Noritake product are really durable and I was worried since the first set was purchase in 2005 , what will be the color if I get some more plates in 2011 ? There is in fact a little color change but nothing disturbing . Probably due to the use of a dishwasher for many years ! The new plates are a bit more brilliant and a little touch darker ... Really happy about this purchase ...
 Seriously I love this dinnerware , it does n't clash with anything and is easy to clean .
 I bought my Colorwave Graphite dishes at Macy 's , not Amazon.com , but after reading the mixed reviews for these dishes I decided to add my own comments . I am very pleased with these dishes , and I can not understand why anyone would n't be . After two years of daily use they are still without chips and show very little wear . They do show some scratches , but they are not fine china , they 're everyday china . For the money , and for everyday use , I ca n't think of a better set of dishes to own . The lines are simple and casual , and they look nice in any setting . I can very happily recommend them .
 I bought two sets of the chocolate place settings so as to complement my suede -LRB- beige -RRB- place settings ; the colors complement each other beautifully . The quality of the plates is very good , none of the piecees has chipped , and the pieces are not terribly heavy . I 'm very happy with the Colorwave product .
 I registered for these when I got married . I have the blue set . They are stacked in the cupboard and we microwave them and cram them in the dishwasher . One chipped in the dishwasher -LRB- I really fill it up -RRB- but that is the only one . We are not very careful with them and we eat home nearly every night.For the saran wrap issue , I do n't have that problem but I use `` freeze-tite '' for the large plate and containers most of the time.I really like the finish on the plates and the size and shape of the bowl and mugs . Everything is the right size and design . That 's why I registered for them . In spite of the extra weight , these have turned out to be wonderful .
 I bought 16 sets of these plate/bowls/mugs to stock my company 's break room . The level of packaging was an overkill but they all arrived quite safe and sound - no scratches or breaks . The weight and durability seems good and I have no complaints after 4 weeks of frequent use . The actual color is quite true to the online representation .
 I looked everywhere for a nice , simple design . I must have browsed hundreds of different styles . Anchor Hocking 's Bolera set is just right - simple but not obviously . The bottoms are nicely weighted . Apparently the glass is also pretty durable . I 'm constantly dropping them , -LRB- not on purpose -RRB- and not one has broken yet .
 beautiful glasses , great bargin for the price
 Heavy Bottomed , thick glass , Holds up well in the dishwasher and does n't chip easily.This set is perfect for for gifts and your own kitchen , they look and feel like theyre worth more than they cost , that 's for sure !
 The set of cobalt glasses is great . I 've gotten so many compliments on them at partys , but they also are good for everyday use . I love blue , and each time I drink out of one these glasses it makes my day ; that and all the compliments from everyone on them . These glasses were a great investment .
 Anyone who buys lattes -LRB- plural -RRB- every day can understand ... it 's just too expensive a habit ! That 's why I ca n't say enough about this product . It 's great looking -LRB- I bought the Clear Bubbly one -RRB- , super-simple to use , and most importantly , produced a beautiful , long-lasting foamy froth . -LRB- I use Simply Smart fat-free milk and am very pleased with the results . -RRB- Once you 've got the foam you want , you can simply remove the metal screen mechanism and pop the jar in the microwave to warm the milk . Delicious!I have a crazy phobia about letting milk sit around for any length of time at room temperature , so if I 'm going to use the Foamagic more than once during the day - and I typically do -- I rinse it well with water . I 've put it in the dishwasher with good results , but think I 'll be handwashing it as much as possible -- I 'd hate to see the acrylic crack because of the temperature of my dishwasher .
 Works perfectly on stone for small shower . Holds heavy weight shower curtain and liner without slipping .
 This is a very attractive tension rod . It was super easy to install and looks great . I would buy many more for future window treatments .
 The shorter length of this rod is exactly what we needed for our shower . Tension rods in this length are difficult to find and we were glad to buy this one . Great product .
 Works great , looks more classy than the plain white ones for curtain hanging and it 's strong enough to hold curtains . The end piece was a lot smaller than I thought . I thought it would be maybe 2.5 inches in diameter , but it 's only about 1 . -LRB- I did n't measure it . -RRB-
 Our living room has a `` bow '' window with five narrow panels . I looked many places for narrow-but-strong tension rods . I was pleased to find these and to get free shipping . I am very happy with my purchase . Thank you .
 My shower has an extra small opening . I could n't find a rod small enough to fit . I was using a regular spring action curtain rod , but because of the opening water and moisture was always getting trapped causing it to rust . I searched on Amazon and found this rod . I am extremely pleased with it . Wish I would have looked on Amazon sooner ! Good value for price .
 I love that it sits INSIDE the window casing so my dog ca n't get to it as easily & it looks really nice .
 I found the Umbra Coretto Tension Rod very quickly and I was amazed this product seemed to be exactly what I was looking for . Actually , I was buying the tension rod for a friend who had just moved into a new apartment and she needed a curtain to conceal a storage area in her bathroom . Her answer was to pin the curtain up with push-pins . I thought I could improve on this and quickly went to work searching for an appropriate rod to hang the curtain properly and to my delight I found it .
 This tension rod is magnificently a twist-on , and although double the price of other tension rods , I recommend it 100 % . I 'm currently using it as a shower rod , and it works perfectly .
 I love these Anchor Hocking glasses . My parents have had a set of this pattern for years . When I moved into my own place in college and was tired of the free plastic cups I had I went to the store and found these glasses . I have 8 big glasses in a blue color , but I 'm wanting matching in a smaller glass and ca n't seem to find the same color . Anyway , I really like that the squares help you hold the glass easier . Also , these glasses are very stable , do n't tip easily . Plus , they are bottom heavy but not too bottom heavy , that way they do n't slip out of your hands as easily . I have broken many other glasses cause they were too bottom heavy , but I have never broken one of these .
 I have had this set for about 7 years now and it has been durable . some of the reviews and the product description here mention that it is supposed to be crystal , but if you go to Anchor Hockings site they say it is cut glass . I bought the original 16 piece set and have since added to it . bought about 30 pieces in singles including more glasses , water glasses , and juice glasses . I love the weight and the structure . they are solid and I have dropped them a lot of times and have yet to break one . If you have kids but hate plastic glasses then this would be an excellent set to get .
 NO , they 're not really crystal , so do n't let the description fool you . However , these are nice , hefty glasses that have room for a whole can of soda and lots of ice . We actually bought ours by the piece at a local kitchenwares store , which also carried our pale blue glasses and a glass-green version in addition to the clear ones . The inscribed grid lines give you a bit more grip -LRB- at least , it does for my smaller hands -RRB- . The thing I like the most about these glasses is that the glass is a uniform thickness from top to the base -LRB- unlike most everyday glass sets that have a substantial lip on them but the rest of the glass is thin -RRB- and the bottom has a nice , solid chunk of glass at least 3/4 '' thick . They 're also perfectly cylindrical all the way down , which makes for stable glasses that ca n't be tipped over as easily as some glasses can . They can take a substantial `` thump '' onto a table as well . We 've only lost two of our original twelve in the past three years , both victims to impatient people wanting to fill a hot , just-from-the-dishwasher glass with a cold beverage . My advice is
 These glasses are wonderful . Very thick and nice , simple design . Look and feel like they are the expensive glasses from Crate and Barrel .
 These glasses are exactly what I was looking for ! They have weight but are easy to hold and NON TIPPABLE ! All my guests comment on their appeal ! Excellent choice .
 I was amazed at just how heavy these glasses are . Such are the surprises of buying on the internet . But I 'm still very pleased . They are attractive and functional and they do n't seem fragile , though it 's only been a few months of wear and tear .
 The main thing I like about these is that they are very heavy and sturdy . There is a huge amount of glass in the base , so they are almost impossible to tip over . This is the type of glass that I could drop on my kitchen floor or in the sink and it would n't break.They are also attractive , yet simple-looking , and very inexpensive .
 I just got this yesterday . I have crystal glassware , and the easy way for me to see if something is crystal or not is by simply tapping the glass.Well , when I tapped them , it sure did n't sound like crystal , rather it sounded exactly like glass . And I ca n't find the word `` crystal '' on the box anywhere . I was rather disappointed , but then again , what do you expect ...
 ... These glasses are -LSB- super -RSB- ! I got a set of these as a wedding gift and I love them ! My kitchen is done in a vintage shabby chic 40 's feel and these fit right in . They are weighted well and feel good in your hand . They compliment my white diner style chunky china so well . They are great for cocktails too , they look great with that chrome bar stuff ! Get these glasses !
 We have had these for a couple years now and the only ones that have broken are ones that have fallen on the floor . These have held up well through dishwashing . They are thick and heavier weight glasses -- not like the cheap ones that break easily . Great quality and a great price .
 I bought these for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- ; so i ca n't complain about the price . they look and feel great . everyone in my family was shocked when i told them the price . They are thick and feel strong , not cheap . they have USA printed at the bottom , i do n't know if that means they were made in the us but i like the fact that they do n't say `` made in China '' :-RRB- . i 'm VERY satisfied .
 One of my favorite gifts I have gotten ! These are exquisite and top quality glasses ! I remember my Great Grandma had these in the Fire King/Anchor `` Coronation '' that is what attracted me to them . They are so beautiful and would work for any function . I plan on having them for a long time since they are such good quality . You can not go wrong with this reproduction !!! Especially if you are into Cottage or Shabby Chic home decor . Go for it you wont be dissapointed !
 I bought these to compliment my basic cherry red 4 piece set . Although it came with cereal bowls , I wanted something casual to serve pasta or stew but did not want the huge pasta bowls . These are the perfect size and the color is a perfect match .
 I 've reviewed a couple of other Waechtersbach items , and I 'm quite happy with these as well ! I have only two minor complaints . First , on these , the glaze seems to be scratching -LRB- utensils ? -RRB- more than the other Waechtersbach products I have ... my plates and cereal bowls are n't doing that . Second , all four of them had a funny little bump on the outside rim ... it looked identical on all four . Maybe a slight manufacturing defect ? The glaze is slightly darker around the bump , so you can see it , though it 's not overly obvious . But overall I love them - they 're great for soups and pasta -LRB- spaghetti especially -RRB- . They 're holding up quite well in the dishwasher , too - no chips or cracks , despite how they sort of lean against one another . Very pleased !
 The bright red has given has so much joy during Christmas , Valentine 's Day and evennow outdoor.What has sold us is the lead free and the many items one can purchase individually.Red is such a warm and happy color , and the manufacturer Waechtersbach , Germany will be in business for quiet some time , so therefore , one has always a possibility to ad on .
 I needed a smaller more portable mat as well as one that could more easily be turned when cutting smaller pieces . I have been using these mats since they hit the market and am very pleased by their performance . It is important to make sure that you always hold your cutter perpendicular to the mat to insure proper ` healing ' .
 This mat is a great little workhorse . I have had mine for years , and it is just as fresh as if it were new . The size is very convenient for cutting fabric strips . It is easy to line up the fabric between grid lines , and it is wide enough to cut through fabric folded just in half from selvedge to selvedge.Penny Halgren -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Just kidding . It 's no fruit juicer , but it made my wife happy and works well . Nice size for an apartment and when combined with a rotary cutter , my wife found that cutting fabric was a delight as opposed to working with scissors , or the katana/stump combination I bought her for the job before I bit the bullet and bought her this mat . Once you get one , you 'll wonder how you ever survived without this ... and you 'll keep your katanas sharp and ready for impending samurai attack . Or zombies .
 this is the perfect size for my workspace . when not using it i can put it on the side of my table against the wall . very helpful for my sewing , cutting needs !
 Works fine . Easy to install . Some reviews talk about not fitting wall plates . Designed for the plate supplied to fit over the existing plate so plate supplied is over sized for a reason .
 Hard to find a better direct-wire wall timer of this quality . HOWEVER , this is the third one I have purchased so be warned that they will eventual ware out . The timer will eventual stop counting down and get stuck , leaving your device always on . I have mine hooked to turn off a wall heater in the bathroom . It works well for that . NOTE
 this works fine . I replaced two of them . also found them actually cheaper at the local Home Depot store . Both seem to work fine .
 I read the reviews before buying this product and one review said it made loud nose as dial turns . . and s/he is completly right . The noise it makes is pretty loud . . I would NOT recommend this for the bedroom if you are going to use it as some type of sleep timer b/c the noise will bother you . However , I have this installed on my storage room in the kitchen , so the noise is not an issue .
 I wanted a timer to shut off lights in a master closet . I first tried an electronic version but I had interference with some other home automation devices so I resorted to this older spring-wound technology . Simple , works perfectly . This spring wound timer worked as advertised and would be perfect for bathroom fans as well .
 I have used multiple Intermatic wall timers and have been extremely pleased . I have placed a 15 minute timer on all the bathroom vent fans and we can turn on the fan and leave the room and it shuts itself off . Very simple to install with clear instructions .
 We installed these on the switches for the exhaust fans in our two bathrooms and the closet light in our daughter 's room . They work great . They do n't need batteries -- the low-tech spring does the job . They save energy because you ca n't leave for the day and leave the fan going all day long .
 This is exactly what i was looking for , good quality , and after 6 months of daily use is just like new and working perfectly , will buy 2 more .
 The perfect timer to use to control bathroom fans . Easy to install , set and has reliable operation .
 Every bathroom with a fan needs one of these . It allows the fan to run for a period of time after you leave , clearing things up for the next person . These timers come in different maximum number of minutes , and 15 minute is the best for the bath . 30 and 60 minute versions are overdoing it . Even though it is n't solid state or latest high tech version , it is the easiest to use and does n't waste any energy , except the twisting of one 's arm .
 Having gotten tired of passing by my bathroom only to hear the vent fan roaring away from having been on no telling how long , I looked around and found this simple one-to-one swap for my existing switch . Design-wise it is a spring loaded timer that can be set for anywhere from about 2 to 15 minutes . Setting it causes the fan to come on , and then the timer simply winds down to cut the fan off after the set amount of time . The unit comes in either white or beige -LRB- which for some reason costs more on Amazon -RRB- . The installation package includes screws for the power connection , screws for the switch plate , a plastic knob , and a small plastic plate with timer markings and retainer nut . The timer plate is flanged to fit a traditional switch plate , and is sized to fit into a decora styled plate . By the same token , the unit has screw points for either style . In my estimation , the thought that went into the design makes this a 5-star product . Obviously , it does require an electrical installation , and if you do n't have the confidence to replace a wall switch , by all means call an electrician or a more confident friend to do the work.If you are doing the install , here 's some info that might be useful . The unit 's connection points are clearly marked as `` line '' -LRB- for the input power `` hot '' wire -RRB- and `` load '' -LRB- for the appliance it is being connected to , in my case a fan -RRB- . It 's usually pretty easy to determine which cable is bringing power into the junction box , and normally the black wire for the cable is hot -LRB- that being said it 's always best to check using a volt meter between what you think is hot and the ground wire - you obviously should drop power to the box before proceeding to installation -RRB- . The timer may work if hooked up in reverse , but I assume there is a reason the manufacturer has designated which connection is to be hot . The connection mechanism uses a screw with an integrated wire clamp to hold an inserted wire , easy to do if you have plenty of wire to work with . In my case I did n't have long enough wires in the junction box to make this kind of connection , so I first attached a pig tail wire to each connection point . For the actual install I attached each pig tail to the line and load wires in the junction box using wire nuts . Just a thought , but that may well be an easier approach even if you have plenty of wire to work with .
 Our home was built in 2003 and this fits just fine in the outlet/switch box . It does exactly what it 's supposed to . We set it for 10 minutes after we 're done and it shuts the exhaust fan off in our bathroom.Saves money on heat and cooling ...
 I installed 4 Intermatic FD15MWC -LRB- 15 minute twist timers -RRB- . They all are working perfactly . Sometimes the old off / on switchs were left on accidently for hours , and as long as the exhaust fans are sized right for the bathroom , 15 minutes is more then enough time . 5 stars !!!!! Jerry W. , Moreno Valley , Ca .
 I had previously installed an `` Intermatic FF15MC 15-Minute Spring Loaded Wall Timer , Brushed Metal '' to control my bathroom exhaust fan . The FF15MC worked fine , but was n't really designed for use in a Decora-style wall plate , and looked rather ugly jammed into the middle of my 3-gang wall switch box . I was hoping that there was a more attractive alternative , and the FD15MWC switch was exactly what I was looking for . So I replaced the old FF15MC with a FD15MWC , and my new timer switch fits in beautifully with the two adjacent light switches , and has performed flawlessly . The 15-minute timer range is perfect for my application .
 NO problems with the packaging and the timer works without a hitch for the 60 days that i have used it , .
 Only a slight hitch because it didnt quite fit in a Levitron opening . But , with a bit of filing , we cured that.Now she can set the knob and leave the bathroom . Saves a/c costs of forgetting the fan is running . A fine solution to an unmentionable problem .
 Installed as bathroom fan timer . Easy to connect ; Intermatic builds a sturdy timer which should deliver years of daily service . .
 I purchased this timer to replace a 60-minute timer of the same brand to control a bathroom fan . While my wife and I would leave it at the 10-15 minute mark , certain house guests would leave the fan running for 30 + minutes after they were done showering . This shorter period timer solves that problem . The reason it only gets 4 stars is the size . In a old work metal box I had to hacksaw and file flat the screws holding the drywall ears before the switch would fit . In a modern plastic box -LRB- new or rework -RRB- , it will fit easily .
 Good sound timers that work as advertised.Intermatic is probably the best timer out there and for this price it is a great buy
 These were pretty easy to install and work pretty well . 15 minutes is about right for most bathroom applications . 1 star docked because it is just a little cheap looking on the outside .
 great product to save money ! Dont worry about leaving the light on anymore . It is easy to install and instructions are straight forward
 These are great for bath fans . Got 15 minute version for guest bath and a couple of 60 min timers for baths with showers . Installed quiet fans and found them on often long after bathroom use was done . These timers eliminate that while at same time moving air to reduce moisture and odor . Installed easily in my boxes . They are the deep versions so I had no wire compaction problems . Good price for a simple mechanical timer .
 exellent exactly what i needed goog product.easy installation its a good looking swicht.most of the time 15 minutes is all you gon na need and off you go
 I 'm replacing the exact same dealiwhop that started to stick / not turn off after several years of use . Install was easy .
 The look very nice and elegant , feel awesome . The quality is very good . A very good buy .
 I am so fussy about my sheets that I spend a mint on sheets , so I was a little nervous about buying 19.99 sheets from amazon sight unseen . These are wonderful . They do not ball up and are as soft as can be . They are the kinda sheets when you run your legs back and forth they are cool and soft . I am going back for more at these prices for the rest of my beds in the house .
 I collect Jim Shore cats , and I have to say that this one is just amazing . The colors are so beautiful . The figurine is also quite large . Such a great purchase ! Buy it , you wo n't regret it !!!
 This is a goldmine for those of us who like to grill . Since I live in Nebraska , the weather does n't always cooperate when I crave grilled food . I did n't want a `` contact grill '' which seem to squeeze the juices out of the meat when cooking . Since I received my Dafino tabletop grill , I no longer plan my meals around the weather channel ! It cooks great at a high enough temperature that sears in the flavors . And cleanup - it 's a snap ! Everything except the plug-in thermostat is dishwasher safe ! I highly recommend this product .
 I have owned an indoor grill -LRB- named after a famous boxer -RRB- for years . But I do n't use it because it is a pain
 I have used this product for over a year now and I can say that it works great for me . I like the reversible grill-like side for bacon and such and the flat griddle does great for pancakes , eggs , and such . I was hesitant at first , but I 'm glad I got it .
 I 've been very happy with this easy to use and clean grill . I 've used it to grill steaks , duck breasts , veggies , and chicken . Takes longer than a gas grill , but gets to job done without smoking up the kitchen .
 Fantastic matching clock to the Dinosaurland series . Easy to mount and easy to read . I wish it had a seconds hand , but it 's still a wonderful clock .
 The clock is very nice . Works well . It 's made of inexpensive plastics but you ca n't tell unless you actually feel it . For $ 30 it was a nice buy . Also , it 's very hard to find a dinosour clock at a reasonable price . This is that clock .
 With this tool you can keep your mini blinds really clean , the brush reaches into those impossible crevices . And I now dust my blinds on a regular basis to keep them looking really great . I was most pleased with this product , especially since it saves me those extra steps of cleaning !!
 This works great ! I always struggled over cleaning blinds before ... never had a good tool . This makes it simple !
 This was a Xmas gift for our daughter . Our last visit to see her gave me an opportunity to see it in action . Works well . She like both the looks and operation . Good !!
 good looking but the canister is difficult to re-seal when closing . The top does n't seat comfortably on the base without some coaxing . Only size coffee filters that fit in the canister is a size 4 .
 Love the look and quality . But coffee filters for a regular sized coffee maker do not fit in the filter compartment .
 Good , good , good good good good good good , It is pretty , clean , so practical , it is my dream coming true !
 great canister but I didnt realize it was for different coffee makers cuz of the way it was designed for the filter but use it anyway by laying filters on top of coffeebeans and not down the side ... and it is great . Very complimentary in my kitchen .
 Coffee beans and filter all in one place ? Too good to be true ? I was very surprised the description fit the actual item . The coffee filters slide right in . I was originally looking for a filter holder and stumbled on this item . Container holds enough beans for a week for me . Very pleased
 I bought these as a gift for my daughter-in-law because she was complaining about the ones that are like earrings and were so hard to use . Her guests were n't using them ! I had bought her some magnetic ones before , so got on line and searched and found these . She was so pleased and that pleased me . These are so easy to use and come in different designs . -LRB- golf , etc. . -RRB-
 Bought these protectors for my mattresses and pillows and LOVE them ! I have had them for over 2 years now and they are still in perfect condition . They are thin enough to fit in the washer and dryer with my other sheets so it saves time when I change the linens !
 I bought the pillow covers and the mattress covers and they are great . They wash and dry well and do exactly the job they should ... protecting pillows and mattresses .
 great for earrings . Does not travel well . Great for storage at home . Sterling silver does not fair well in these cases . Turns faster .
 This was an excellent product and I was very pleased with my purchase . The case is good-looking and a very nice size . I had looked all over for an earring case this size and at a reasonable price . I would n't let the color choice determine whether or not I would purchase this product . They sent me the beige color and it is just fine .
 Firstly , this is a great jewel case for your dresser top or drawer . However , it is NOT a travel jewel case ... your jewelry would spill from the compartments if you flip the case over :-LRB- -LRB- JEWELRY CASE FEATURES : Outer dimensions
 This is a great jewelry box for earrings and rings . Since interior velvet is light , you can see it well . It fits most size earrings . I am not sure what person is talking about , saying they ca n't get their fingers in it . They must have giant man hands . My hands are medium or large , I do n't have tiny fingers , and there is no problem whatsoever.The ribbon strings that attach top and bottom are stupid . Lid will keep coming down . I just cut mine so I can open it all the way.My one and only criticism of this box is that I got it in black . Every bit of dust , cat hair , etc. shows up instantly . It looks terrible most of the time . I have not tried to wipe the fabric or clean it with a tape roller yet , and maybe that would work , but just be aware it can look pretty bad .
 The product shipped quickly and looked exactly as shown on web page . I am very satisfied with the product and now all my earrings have a home .
 Though I love anything about the I Love Lucy show , this sign is even better than I was expecting . It is sturdy , and the happy scene is when they were excited about driving to California in season 4 . This is a great item for big fans of the show -LRB- like me -RRB- to display .
 My daughter bought this for her tv productions teacher and he absolutely loved it . He 's going to buy more for his classroom !
 Loved the show and use classic movie and TV memorabilia to decorate my home office . Wish I could find posters .
 Great molds . Super fast ship . Just what we needed to make mints for my nieces ' wedding . Ca n't wait to see how they turn out .
 This is a great heater . Operates primarily with remote control . Small and QUIET ! Only drawbacks that I 've come across are that 1 -RRB- the temperature dial is a little hard to read and 2 -RRB- you ca n't set it on a carpet , because the anti-tip mechanism is a little sensitive , but probably should n't be on a carpet anyways . Works perfectly on dresser top or hearth .
 This is a medium size heater that can heat from a small room to a medum and a half size room very well in less than 3 to 10 minutes depending on the size of the room . The thermostat is great . If it gets too hot just turn down the dial until you hear the fan turn off and just leave it . It will turn back on and reheat when the room temperatures lowers . The only cons I have with this heater are 1 -RRB- that it does not have a timer and 2 -RRB- one can barely see the numbers on the thermostat dial . Although it really does n't need a timer because of the anti-freeze thermostat and although the numbers on it blends in with the dial just using a color marker pen can bring out the numbers so they can be read without having to use a magnifying glass will do the trick .
 I have an office that is a decent size , on the smaller size - but has a very large window and thin walls so it is arctic cold at times . I purchased this heater based on the reviews and the remote control ... the remote is great , as is the safety feature . I have only had it a couple of days , but so far I am very happy . I have the thermostat cranked up as high as it will go and the heater on the highest setting and its so quiet I can barely tell its running . My office heats up so quickly my coworkers have been stopping by to warm up!FYI
 this heater is incredible amazing , heat up very quickly and efficiency . Heat up my bedroom within minutes . I do n't even have to touch it again once I set the temperature , it automatically turn on high >> medium >> low >> off itself . what a wonderful heater . !!!
 This portable heater is good for use in your office , den or sleeping area . . It is quiet and efficient , and is good for spot heating ... please keep away from drapes or rugs , and small children , who might mistake this heater for a toy ... Otherwise this is a good deal ... Mine came with a remote to adjust setttings more easily ... 4 star rated ...
 I ca n't say enough good things about this heater . I 've used plastic fan heaters for years , mostly Holmes . But Holmes seemed to have none that fit the bill this year , so I decided to get 3 different DeLonghi ones . This is the one I 've used the most . I 'm using it to heat a large bedroom , and it does so without any problems on medium heat . It has more safety features then any other heater I 've ever owned also -- it will turn off if badly jolted , if tipped over , if any vents are blocked , if it starts to overheat for any reason . It also will not turn on if it 's not on a hard flat surface . This is very reassuring with the pets . I personally would prefer not to have a remote control heater , but for such a terrific little heater , I 'll use one . : -RRB- P.S. And when I bought this heater from Amazon , it costs less than $ 40 !
 This is a fantastic seemingly small heater . But it is a mighty one !!! This heater comfortably warms my main basement room which is approx . 25 feet x 25 feet . I leave it on the medium setting and the thermostat works excellent
 WE have one of these and you can hang it on the wall . The back has wall hanger hooks and a little button that turns the unit off if it is not flush with the wall . It works nicely . This is where the remote works nicely , too .
 Just buy it ! When I bought it , it was below $ 30 . It works quietly , with remote control . By the way , there is a safety device on the bottom . So , you should put something hard under the device , if you want to use this machine on the carpet .
 It swivels , has a remote and a tipover safety feature , and you can mount it on the wall if you desire . It works wonderfully , providing plenty of heat when you need it .
 This oil filled heater is well built without any exposed sharp fins or corners . 2 timers can be set independantly A/B . Each set timer has a selection of how many hours or minutes you want it running after it is activated
 Extremely quiet and very well constructed . Warms up a cold room quite quickly . I have read complaints in the past about oil-filled radiators leaving the room smelling of oil . Not a problem with this unit -- the manual states to run the unit on high for 2-3 hrs in a ventilated room when you first receive it.I live in a 75 yr old brick & plaster home with no insulation on the outside walls and no basement heat . The unit works wonderfully in my upstairs bathroom . -LRB- The manual states that you should not use the unit in bathrooms , but I am careful to place it away from any sources of water . -RRB- It also works well in the basement bedroom , but it will not heat the entire basement.The only complaint is with the digital display . It is difficult to read , but not impossible . The mfr should consider a magnifying lens over the display or perhaps backlighting the LED display .
 The controls are a bit hard to use but once you get the hang of it it keeps the roomjust right . We are using this in our sons room for when he goes to bed so we dont have to keep the furnace runnig for the entire house . Does a great job keeping the temprature constant . -LRB- I have a nother themometer in the room and the temp on the heaters display is exactly the temprature of the room . -RRB-
 This is a quiet , convenient , efficient heater -- BUT I find it dried the air out to much and gave me headaches -- which was easy enough to remedy with a large bucket of water near the unit -LRB- or I run a vapourizer -RRB- -- I would be a little concerned about running this or any other space heater near an infant , elderly person or animal -- as they all generally suffer more from dehydration then does the average person . Despite the drying effects , I bought a second one , and use two to heat my entire unit -- they are both set to low and do a wonderful job keeping the place at a very comfortable temperature -LRB- I even keep the windows open a few inches -RRB- . I found that at first , I could taste the metal from my first heater -- that metal smell/taste was reduced substantially over time , again , enough so that I bought another one -- but I could not use these alone , you really need to put moisture back into the air . I find the water buckets a little inconvenient , but they are necessary -- am still looking for a unit that does it all -- heat and moisture .
 Had it for two winters , works really well . Saved money on the central heating during the winter , and the timer worked well to turn it on an hour before I got home and got up in the morning , but it had to be reset many times as the clock was not accurate at all . Good product .
 I purchased this product to keep my daughter 's bedroom warm while having a small footprint and safety . It has done the job perfectly . We liked it enough to purchase a second one from the same vendor for my son 's bedroom .
 I truly love cooking with these bowls . The surface makes clean-up easy and the depth allows for me to throw an unlimited amount of concoctions into it . These bowls and strong and sturdy so that they will last forever and take all the wear and tear of cooking and the dishwasher . Overall , I 'm very impressed with this product .
 I love these bowls , I mix cake batters in them , clean vegetables in them , they are resistant and do n't slide because of the grip on the bottom . I highly recommend them .
 I 'll start with what caused me to give it only 4 stars - which are really only nits.First , the LCD display is very hard to read unless you pick up the unit and are looking at it straight on . In a dim room forget about it . They could/should have done away with the curved plastic and added a light.Second , there 's a slight ticking sound when its in oscelation mode when it gets to the extreme left of its cycling.Ok , now that that 's out of the way ... I love the variable thermostat . The LCD display shows the temperature at which it 'll come on . I like knowing the temp and not just some vague high , medium , low setting . We like to keep our house at a certain temp in the winter , but some rooms do n't heat as well as others and this easily gets a room up to temp . Our son adjusted the temp dial and before long the room was really really warm - a testement to its heating capabilities.I 'm here shopping for a second one .
 I am from IL , so I hate air conditioned cold . I always have space heaters at home and the office . I have to buy them constanty , because they burn out . I have had this one for 2 years now , the programmable timer and temp part are easy and great . I paid almost $ 60 for this and am about to add this heater to my wedding registry and remove the other one . I did n't think I could still get this one ! Great deal . Atlanta , GA
 I use this heater under my desk in my office . Overall it is a good heater , but I have 2 complaints.Like another reviewer said , the LCD display is hard to read unless you are looking straight at it in a well-lit area . Under my desk is dark , so I ca n't ever see the screen.My other complaint is the on/off button . The on/off button turns the heater on as well as adjusts the fan speed . The problem is that the button does n't have a strong push or click feeling to it -LRB- not sure how to correctly describe this -RRB- , so in addition to not being able to see the LCD screen , I ca n't always tell if I 've pushed the on/off button enough times -LRB- or hard enough -RRB- to turn the heater off . Plus , there is a slight delay before it actually shuts off . Not a major deal , but something that could be improved.UPDATE
 Good heater , easy to handel , nice design . Reasonable price.My house is a small studio , get warm fast . Satisfied !
 I bought this to help heat a bath off my master bedroom . It works like a charm I run it for twenty minutes prior to hopping into the shower and no more shivering !
 As I said , good to very good for small to medium size rooms -LRB- 12x12 -RRB- . Heaters have 3 speeds , oscillation , timer and theromostat shut off to save heat . I have 3 . The oscillation stopped on one and Delonghi replaced it . Price has jumped from $ 39 to $ 69 online , a little high . I keep mine on low , especially in bedroom and only occasionally on high to increase room temp . quickly . These would help living rooms with central heat . I read the electric meter daily and chart usage . I shut them off when not home or use timers , except as needed for warmth . See how it does in your environment . Some rooms aremore drafty than others . I built frames with plastic that I use in winter . Important to seal off cold air as much as possible to take advantage of heaters and savings . It 's good to read reviews and even try some models that you can return if not suitable .
 Everything you need to vent through wall in one box - saves a bunch of time looking at the local hardware store and price is very competitive .
 What a great Deal I got on this vent kit . And - It was only 25 % of the price on other sites !!
 Installed my 75k BTU heater with this kit and no problem at all.The 90 degree elbow was a bit difficult to turn , but it did turn with a bit of effort . Was n't worth deducting a star from the rating .
 I simply love these basic canisters . They seal , so everything stays fresh . The color is accurate to the description and they look beautiful on my counter top . I know I 'll have these for many years to come . I also bought the Chantal tea-kettle in the same cobalt blue and together they look great !
 I love this set ! If you are a baker , you 'll appreciate the airtight seal . Before I got these , my old canisters were letting my brown sugar dry out . The glass lids are nice for letting you see what 's inside.This style would fit with either modern or traditional decor . Noting the color issues stated by other reviewers , I can only remind people that colors are not consistent from one computer screen to another . If you are very color sensitive , you may want to check out Chantal colors in a store . This is a current color , so it 's pretty easy to find . All of their colors look good together , so I also bought aChantal 3 Piece Ceramic Ring Canister Set , Curry Yellowand staggered them on the countertop .
 These canisters are well made and the lids fit tightly . However , I ordered Cinnabar and was disappointed in the color . It is like burnt orange and I wanted something in a deep red color . Be sure of the color before you order .
 This product was very nice and I would have kept it had the color been what I saw online . The picture online showed a dark scarlet red canister set and what I received was a bright fire engine red canister set . It did not match my decor so I had to send it back - sadly .
 I 'm happy with my heater -- the size of my room is decent , approximately 16 ' x 16 ' -- and with the oscillating feature , the room gets warm in about 15 minutes . I can definitely feel the difference between the temperature in my room and directly outside my door/the hallway , and it does a good job of switching itself off once it reaches the correct temperature . I like the petite size , and sleek egg-shape . I have not had any problems with the balance mechanism , and though it does make some noise , it 's not obnoxiously loud or irritating.The three different levels does seem a bit pointless , and the temperature setting numbers on the knob could be easier to read , but I have n't had difficulty with it yet . You just have to look closely.Yes this heater is plastic , therefore it does n't get really hot to the touch -LRB- thus the concept of `` safe heat '' -RRB- and no it 's not the smelly type of heater that you 'd want to sit in front of to warm your feet.I 'd buy it again in an instant , and have recommended it to others wanting a budget heather that will keep them comfortable through the winter .
 I think this fan is GREAT ! The warmth it provides is awesome and the power is impressive . It is a very good deal as well . I was freezing in our new house and was so greatful for the amount of warmth this provided at a much lower cost than some of the other options available . 5 stars all the way ~
 I bought this fun in December 2004 . It helps me in the cold weather in New Jersey . It is more powerful than I thought . In addition , it runs quitely without any noise . The oscillating function is useful to make the hot air going around more evenly . You will be pleased to have this one in the cold winter . It is a good buy !
 This is a good heater if you want something inexpensive to keep you warm . It does it job of warming a drafty 8x10 room . It has kept my boys warm this winter . I agree with the other reviews that the indications on the knobs are hard to see . I usually have to turn the light on to see what I have selected . The other down side is no on/off switch . I ususally unplug it when not in use . I do n't like the osciallating feature since it does n't seem to warm the room as efficient . You get a breeze as it oscillate . I perfer it not to osciallate since it is more quite and does the job heating the room .
 We use this in the bedroom at night and it keeps the room very warm . I agree with the others that the numbers on the knob are hard to see but nothing worth giving it a bad rating over . Just go over each number with a fine point black sharpie and you can see them just fine . I have had no problems with it not coming on or the knobs being hard to turn , maybe that person who said that got a defective one ?
 Yes , this is n't the best space heater I have ever owned , but it has a unique shape where it does n't gather a bunch of dust , like past heaters have , and you ca n't beat the price for its performance .
 i have an older version of this appliance and it works just fine for me . it would have been nicer if you could control the on/off for the heating and fan functions with the foot switch , but it works fine . has worked well for four years now . i 'd definitely buy it again .
 This bowl is adorable . Especially the detail of one of the penguins who has fallen through the ice on the outside of the bowl . His little feet are painted on the inside of the bowl ! This bowl is a nice size for a side that serves about 4 people .
 This mold is great for what I need . Chocolate pops right out of the plastic . would buy again if needed
 I have n't had a chance to use them yet , but they look great , and I am sure they will work well .
 For what it is , and is supposed to do , this reliable heater fits the bill perfectly . It is NOT a very high BTU heater that can alone heat up a large room or floor . It is designed for supplemental heat . We use it to successfully supplement our home gas heater system overnight , so that we can turn down the main house thermostat to about 62-64 degrees when we 're asleep , and thus save money and energy on our gas bill while maintaining a higher temperature in our bedroom only . It has 3 convenient power settings , and a working thermostat , and we find that even in low power position , enough heat is given off such that we can keep our 15 ' by 22 ' bedroom warm enough at night , even though our home 's thermostat is down at around 62 or 64 degrees , instead of our normal 68 degrees during the day , when we obviously use other rooms in the house . We never use high power , and find that low and medium power gives off ample heat for our purposes . In addition , the thermostat works perfectly such that once adequate temperature has been achieved , it will turn off power temporarily for minutes at a time , thus saving energy , while the already heated oil within this radiator continues to give off heat ! Very efficient indeed . Heaters like this one are an effective way to help save $ $ $ on your total energy bill during those cold winter nights . Highly recommended .
 First to address some of the other reviews.Yes the dial is hard to read , but I just point the dial at one of the letters on the word TEMPERATURE written accross the bottom . If you read the instructions , it says `` put it on high until it warms the room , then turn the dial down until you hear the thermostat click . '' -LRB- I 'm paraphrasing -RRB- You do n't need to read any settings for that . Anyway , if you think of the dial as a clock , it 's easy to remember your setting.Second , the warning label that came on mine says `` Initial startup operation may result in minimal smell and smoke . This is normal . It is due to the protective substance on the heating elements which protects it from salt effects during shipping from the factory . '' The radiator is sealed , it should n't smell at all because the oil is completely encased . I had one of these -LRB- different brand -RRB- growing up , and it never smelled . This is the second day I 've had this , and after the initial use , it does n't smell.Also , this item is listed a few times on Amazon at different prices ... Search for the model number to find the cheapest one.Okay , on to the review . During April/May and September/October , when it 's 50-60 degrees outside every day , the heat does n't come on in my apartment building , and the temperature in my apartment drops to the 70 's . All I need is something to heat up my apartment just a few degrees . I did n't want a spot heater , or a heater that needs to be monitored . I wanted something that I could leave on while I was away so , or in another room without any risk of a cat knocking it over and somehow starting a fire.It takes a little while to warm up the room , but once it does , it keeps the room warm . Walking in to a room heated with this radiator , it did n't feel like a heated room with patches of warm and cold , it just felt warm all over . It has three energy settings -LRB- 700 watts , 800 watts , 1500 watts -RRB- so once the room warms up , you can put it on a lower setting to save energy , and it keeps the room warm.The box says it 's good for a room up to 12 feet by 14 feet , and that 's about the size of my bed room . It kept my bed room warm all night with the thermostat set about halfway , and on the low setting.If I want the room to warm up faster , I put a fan pointed at it at about 45 degrees . I figure the airflow helps warm up the air rather than just warm the heater . You 're supposed to stick it under the draftiest window so it warms the cool air on the way in , and the airflow helps circulate the air . If you have a ceiliing fan , you can put it on reverse to get the same effect.I 'm going to order a second one for my living room . I highly recommend it , especially at the price -LRB- about half the listed MSRP -RRB- . You can get a cheap ceramic heater , or a nice , silent oil filled heater .
 Assembly of the whole thing was very easy and I could get it started in a few minutes . The radiator is pretty small and light with wheels under it and a handle grip on side so it is very portable and you can move it along with you to the room you want to stay mostly -LRB- your living room during day and bedroom during night -RRB- . I normally use the low power to conserve electricity . It takes about 40 minute for the room to warm up and after that the temperature is normally constant and pleasant . The heater turns off and on automatically as needed . I can even warm up large rooms -LRB- like my living room -RRB- with it . Best part is that with all these I have never seen a jump in my electricity bill to shock me . So I think the label `` energy-saving '' fits the gadget well . In general I think this is a good choice for home for its functionality and low consumption .
 Ok , I might be biased ... I love delonghi products . I have a Delonghi coffee maker , and toaster oven which have served me very well.Last winter the apartment building I live in was experiencing problems with the boiler , causing the residents to be without heat during some very cold November days and nights . I owned an electric heater from Holmes that I put into service . It was one of those noisy `` red-hot '' air blowers , and worked well enough for 2 seasons before one of the heating `` bands '' snapped , rendering the unit , unoperable and unfixable.I decided to purchase 2 of the Delonghi oil filled radiators and quickly put them into use in my bedroom and livingroom . They were great ! The heat was warm and cozy , and my skin did n't feel like it was peeling from my face.This year , our landlord has informed us that our boiler will be down for a week or more for repairs , thus leaving us with no heat . He offered $ 40 reimbursement toward a heater , and I took him up on it and bought a third Delonghi yesterday.My new Delonghi works as well as my two from last year . It must be noted that these are radiators , not air blowers , and they take a bit to warm up . But once warm , they keep the rooms cozy , and are just like the steam radiators in my apartment , only smaller.When buying an oil filled radiator , keep in mind that if you are looking for instant gratification , you should look elsewhere . These radiators take a bit to heat up , as they are heating the oil rather than blowing hot air . Once they reach maximum temperature they are a joy indeed . The heat is more like `` natural '' heat from a standard radiator , and they are kinder on the wallet when your electric bill arrives.The models that I have purchased do not have a digital readout or a timer , and that 's fine with me . If you need a timer , simply purchase an appliance timer to plug your heater into and save half the retail cost of one with a built in timer.The radiators feature 3 heat settings , low , medium , and high with a themostat dial . Once your area is sufficiently heated , simply turn down the dial until you hear a `` click '' and the heater will turn off and on based on your desired temperature.These heaters are heavy in weight with four wheels for easly manuverablity from room to room . I am glad they are heavy because I do not fear knocking them over upon late night trips to the bathrrom or the fridge . If you do happen to tip one over , the Safeheat feature will turn it off automatically . The wheels need no assembly aside from pulling them out from the retracted position upon first use.This and other similar models are sturdily constructed metal . You 'll know you have purchased a quality product as soon as you take it out of the box.Upon first use the owner 's manual recommends that you operate your heater at the highest setting for two hours to get rid of any possible smell from the oil . I have three of these and the smell was barely noticable unless you stuck your nose up to it.In a nutshell , I highly recommend any of the Delonghi oil filled radiators , they are easy to operate , economical on the wallet , heat rooms very well , and are well made . I can find no fault with this product .
 This heater is awesome . It will definitely heat your room as advertised . My room is roughly 12 ` x10 ' and ever since i set up the heater , i no longer struggle to get out of bed . It has 3 different settings for wattage outputs which is nice because if you do n't care about achieving that desired room temperature in under 15 minutes then you can lower the wattage and rest assure that by morning you will be waking up to a comfortably warm temperature . My only complaint is that they offer a non-timer controlled heater and i did n't realize that 's what i was getting . But temperature controlled heating is still great .
 We have the older model of these DeLonghi radiator heaters from a relative . It works so well , we had to get another one for another room in the house and three more for relatives who spend so much for central heating . You ca n't go wrong with an oil-filled heater , especially the DeLonghi brand if their claim is correct in utilizing 30-something percent less energy than other competitors.Oil-filled heaters do not dry out the air , which means no more bloody noses ; they warm up the air and keep it warm.We keep them running all through the night at low settings -LRB- 600 watts , dial 2 where 6 is the highest setting -RRB- , sufficient to keep the room comfortably warm and not feel suffocated . The heater is a lifesaver ; it keeps my infant from a cloggy nose with the cold air coming in through the glass of the window.The unit slides on the floor easily with its built-in wheels and seems half the weight of our older model . Though functionally , it works perfectly , cons are as follows :1 . It 's called `` Safeheat , '' but it is nowhere close to safe . When the unit heats up , there is no way we 'd let our toddler come anywhere close to it . Aside from the side where the buttons and dials are located , the rest of the unit is way too hot to the touch . `` Safeheat '' is a misleading marketing strategy .2 . The dial is covered such that when you turn it , you can only see the numbers on it . If you wanted to maintain a setting , say half way between any two numbers , you would have to guess how much to turn .3 . Minor , but the length on the cord does not make the item very versatile in terms of how far it can be from the electrical outlet . A pain to have to connect it to an electrical extension cord to place it where you want in the room.This heater is functionally perfect for our purposes ; it warms up our room beautifully and would no doubt easily heat up a 14 ' x 14 ' room . Four stars for this heater model because of the negatives listed above .
 We recently got our $ 140 gas bill for November and are anticipating a $ 200 + gas bill for December , so we went to Lowes and picked up one of these babies for $ 37 . We put it in the bedroom and when set on high , it gets so warm in the room that I have to take the covers off , so we set a little lower and it keeps the room quite warm . The problem is the heat does n't reach throughout our whole apartment , which is 2 BR , a LR , a kitchen , and a bathroom . It 's not designed for that , but we were just hoping . We went back to Lowes to get something for the front of the house and picked up a little Holmes ceramic/fan heater for $ 30 . It had the same wattage settings , but could n't warm the room like the oil heater even on full blast , and it was noisy and flimsy . So , we 're going to return that one and pick up a second oil heater for the front of the house . When we put the oil heater in the living room , it heated it quite well -LRB- when it was 30 F outside -RRB- and was completely silent and inconspicuous.I really like the built in casters that just pop out and allow the oil heater to roll around . The construction is very solid and sturdy -LRB- unlike the little ceramic heater that I had to break out a folding table just to set it on -RRB- . If you 're looking for a CHEAP heater that actually heats up the place , go to Lowes or someplace like it and pick one of these up .
 I have an older DeLonghi oil heat unit that I have used for years . This is about one-third smaller , is lighter and gives out much more heat .
 This is an excellent oil heater it is virtually silent and does a great job for a room 14 ` x12 ' . I highly recommend it as it really does a superb job.Only thing I can mention that is not positive is that it has its own setting so if the room is already warm and you leave this on the room will get warmer than it already is so it does not coicide with the temperature in the room . Otherwise amazing machine . I highly recommend the Honeywell HZ-708 it has a temperature control setting and I am very pleased with that model .
 This little heater works far better than I 'd hoped . I tested it in my toughest space , the 10 x 40 glassed front porch . For three nights , the outside temp was right at 27 . The radiator on its highest setting kept the porch temp at 60 ! In other , smaller , rooms getting a cozy heat is no big deal . The only noise it makes is an occasional -LRB- low -RRB- click . I 'd have given it five stars if the dial were easier to read , and it had a handle on both sides instead of one .
 We use this heater to supplement the gas heat in our home . Because we 're a family with younger children , we all tend to be in the same room most of the day . This heater is on wheels , so we roll it around with us when we move from room to room so that we can keep the overall house heat lower . The heater uses an electric element to heat oil which circulates throughout the radiator , making it very efficient .
 AN EXTREMELY EFFICIENT HEATER.Other reviews have covered the appropriate ways to use these little jewels so I wo n't go there.Just wanted to add that the newer , smaller units here do indeed perform better , in my opinion , than the larger units they replaced . And by that I mean in these three areas :1 . warm up quicker thus heat an area quicker2 . put out more heat at comparable wattage settings3 . at least equal , if not better in cost-efficiencyOne final point , these are EXCELLENT heaters for those with respiratory problems associated with dry air and/or dusty ductwork . Assuming you do n't need instant heat , this is your best space heater option IMO .
 I have central electric heating but -LRB- gas pilot -RRB- , due to chemical sensitivity to the fumes , I use non-odorless heating . I 've owned this brand for many years without any problem . I still have the one I purchased on line from Sears going on four years old . It has many dents from moving but still safe to use and no leaks.I highly recommend this product and this brand .
 I bought this from a local retailer for only $ 30 -LRB- less than 1/2 of the Amazon price -RRB- . While assembling the wheels , one literally shattered in my hands . I brought it back for a new one and the same thing happened . The third one assembled fine , and the store gave me 3 spare wheels , just in case . I do n't know if I would have shipped two of them back to Amazon.It throws quite a bit of heat for such a small unit . We bought this to replace an older radiator of the same design and the difference is striking . I also noted a bit of an oil smell , but that went away after a few uses . All in all , a good heater , but
 I bought this too keep the house from freezing because my roof house heater is broken . Yes , it keeps the house toasty enough so I am thinking my kid who has an HVAC certificate can take his time fixing the roof heater . I keep it in the hallway . The three bedrooms and bathroom are warm enought so I do n't chill getting dressed for work in the am at the crack of dawn . Thanks DeLongli
 The springs on this hanger are a bit tight . It will accomodate plates of the sizes indicated . I have purchased other holders that are more flexible , and will hold a wider range of sizes . All in all , it does the job .
 Fantastic whisk that quickly whips air into your egg whites , whipping cream , etc. . Different whisk blade lengths and widths speed the whisking process . Treat lovely wooden handle with some care by not leaving in standing water . Thank you , CIA , for my favorite whisk , which has been lovingly gifted to many friends who enjoy cooking and baking .
 I would highly recommend this product . The only thing I wish it had is a whistle to let me know that it has reached a boil when I 'm in another room . I forgot to look for that feature when I purchased the electric kettle .
 love this kettle looks and works beautiful . I have no p ; roblem with it being remanafactured have many other ones I higly reccommen d this to perk up anyones kitchen
 This purchase was excellent value for the money -LRB- less than half the cost of a new kettle -RRB- and the only defect was an almost-imperceptible dent on the side of the kettle that in no way influences performance .
 I bought the original 4 years ago , have loved it , and am buying the remanufactured one for our vacation home . I expect it -LRB- after reading all the other reviews -RRB- to perform exactly like my original , which is still performing beautifully . Looks great on the kitchen counter , too -- very classy .
 Great product at a terrific price . Heats water very quickly without any hassle with a cord .
 I do n't know how I lived without this ! I can boil water for coffee , cereal , tea , etc in less then a minute . Excellent kettle . Thank you Cuisinart ! Looked brand new . Fast shipping . Great deal .
 Saved alot of money . Looks brand spank 'n new and works like a charm.I have purchased two other remanufactured cusinart products from Amazon and they were also about 70 % less than retail and they both were like brand new .
 Remanufactured ? Hmmm ! Looks , works and packaged like brand new . This kettle is far more than I expected . Do n't agonized over whether you want to buy this kettle or not . A great price PLUS free shipping . What more can you ask ? I love this kettle and so will you .
 Good value for money , kettle works well and so its been good to try it.Always the chance it will fail just after the 3 months warrenty is up!For Brits looking a for a kettle - its a good one , I would be happy to buy the full price version now .
 I have had this for about a month and while it took some time to get used to it , I really like it.Having just had another cheap brand burn out on me , following 2 others of a wellknown brand -LRB- which I will never buy again -RRB- , I was prepared for more of the same while cautiously hopeful . So far it works well - I waited for a month before reviwing.The kettle looks like a regular top-of-the-range teakettle , and as somone mentioned , I hope one of our visitors does n't try using it as such ! It heats up fairly quickly , though not as quickly as the others . It is a little bit noisier . And since my first one failed on overheating -LRB- too little water -RRB- , I like to fillup after I have poured out the hot batch . The kettle handle is nice and cool to the touch -LRB- the kettle itself gets hot -RRB- , but to add fresh water you have to remove the lid , and while adding fresh water , you get some steam exposure , though not too bad . Havent tried adding through the spout , since it is really not a big problem for me.The instructions dont say anything about a minimum level and that surprises me . Maybe they have got that licked . In fact I have wondered why they dont have a resettable high temperature shutoff - one that shuts off on high temp -LRB- imperative for fire prevention , etc. -RRB- but resets itself on cooling . Maybe they do have one in this , and that may be why there are no warnings , etc. . I might get the o0pprtunity to find out when I get my next longterm guest !
 I have had one of these for over 7 years , and my ` old ' one is still running strong and looks great.I finally decided I wanted to make tea & french press coffee at work , so I bought another.Do these cost a bit more than other hot water kettles . Yes . The upside is that the finish does not rub off or scratch -LRB- my ` old ' one still looks almost brand new when I simply wipe it off -RRB- , and this model is like the energizer bunny -- it just keeps going , and going ...
 This is our 2nd electric kettle . We had a Breville & it stopped workingafter about 2 years of use . The Cuisinart came looking brand new . So farit has been working just fine & for the price I figured it was worth a shot.We have been happy with it and it gets used at least 2 times a day .
 We researched tea kettles before purchasing this one - price was a big part of the decision . We have no regrets . It 's beautiful , and functional . We love the fact that it turns itself off once it boils , and it seems like it only takes a moment to bring a couple of mugs worth of water to a boil .
 I brought this kettle about one month ago and have been using it ever since . I just love it . One thing I noticed was that it is a little slower than the kettle from Sunbeam , but does not make a difference for me . The price on this remanufactured one is unbeatable .
 I purchased this as a gift , but was pleased with the weight and feel of the product . Would buy this brand again .
 Great value for the dollar . Very deep pockets , handle the pillow top mattress with room to spare .
 This is a sweet pattern , almost a chintz design - at an awesome price !
 I read the review and thought maybe I should n't buy them and then I thought for 8.99 what could I loose . When I got the sheets they were very thick and heavy weight , but rough . I washed and dryed them and they are soft and fluffy and thick . Just wonderful . The only mistake was listening to other reviews and ordered the king for my queen . They did n't shrink ! I just tucked them in on one side and then ordered another three sets this morning in the queen size . At that price what are you out . They are so warm and soft . They will last a long time . If they are this soft after just one wash ? ... Very happy with these sheets . Hope you get in on the great deal !
 This is an update of my previous review . I want to upgrade my rating to five stars since I 've washed and used these sheets several times now . They are so soft and cozy that I 've pretty much kept them on the bed all winter , just wash , dry and put back on . That 's unusual for me because I like to have something different on the bed each time . I do n't understand the review about them falling apart because these are very high quality . Some flannel after a few washings will get kind of rough and pilly , but these remain soft . I bought the Confetti print ; maybe it makes a difference which style you get . The only criticism I could come up with is that the fitted sheet is too small for my Queen mattress which is 15 '' thick , smaller than some mattresses which can go up to 18 '' . But it ended up okay because the sheets do stay on , probably because they are flannel ; they stick to my mattress cover which is also a knit material . I wish Amazon would offer these in King size ; I 'd buy two sets ! __________________________________________ -LRB- Original review -RRB- I love these Melrose Home Confetti flannel sheets ! I was a little hesitant to order these because it states `` Heavy Cotton Flannel '' which I already have and do n't like , and also because of poor reviews on the other -LRB- Pike -RRB- flannel sheet sets which were around the same price ... BUT I am more than pleased with them . After the first wash they came out light and fluffy and SO soft ... no pilling whatsoever and hardly any lint build-up in the dryer lint trap , no more than my regular cotton sateen sheets produce . The last two sets of flannel sheets I bought are so heavy , bulky and somewhat stiff , and these are just what I was hoping for , very lightweight , flexible and soft . They are made in Spain which is also a plus . If you like the heavy , stiffer kind then these are not for you . The only negative for me is that in the description it says they are oversized to allow for shrinkage , leading one to believe they would fit today 's thicker mattresses , but these are definitely not for the thicker mattresses . I would order a King for a Queen bed -LRB- and just tuck in the overage on the one side of the fitted sheet -RRB- but unfortunately they are not available . Now these are 8.99 ... I paid 14.99 , still a great deal .
 I love these sheets ... so soft and snuggly - you can not beat the price ! They look stiff until you wash them and then they are absolutely wonderful . They fit my mattress which is DEEP so do n't hesitate to buy if you have a thick mattress ... Can not beat this price and the color is super too !
 Unbeatable price for Queen sized sheets - plus a great design !
 I think these are great they 're nice and soft . That being said I 'm not as picky as others . Picky abpit certain things but sheets are n't one of them !
 These sheets are NOT for deep , thick mattresses , they are not ` deep pockets ' . For the price , you ca n't beat them , as long as they fit your mattress ... I gave them to my sister since they did n't fit my mattress , and she does like them ... of course , they are warm .
 These shed a lot the first few times in the dryer . Very comfortable and soft when washed with fabric softener . I would buy these again , they kept me warm and happy all winter . I believe I paid under $ 10 for the whole set , what a deal !!!!
 I love the sheets ! They are in great condition ! I love them !
 These were great for the price -LRB- paid $ 5.99 -RRB- . It 's very cold right now and flannel sheets are great for my son . He likes them a lot . They seemed a little stiff coming right out of the package but they soften up after being washed . I loved the color , too .
 I purchased a set of flannel sheets for the Hollidays . They have held up great under use and in the wash . They are soft for the thread cound and have a generous amount of fabric for a larger mattress . GREAT VALUE !
 I found the sheets to be top quality and very comfortable .
 I was very pleased with this sheet set with one exception - the fitted sheet was too small and did not want to expand to fit onto all 4 corners of the mattress . I also have a Queen size bed in my home , for which I had ordered the same set , and unfortunately , I found the same problem with this set . I have ended up using the top sheets/pillowcases with a solid bottom because I just love the whimsical print , the softness , and the thickness of these sheets .
 I had been looking for a spare set of flannel sheets for my bed . These are not the best but they certainly are good enough . They are a bit thin but soft and warm . I do recommend them .
 This was a great buy for the price . The only problem that I had with it is that the fitted sheet was too small for my full bed . It was suppose to be for a full size bed but it would not work . It was even too big for a twin size . Other than that , it was a good item for that amount of money .
 This is a great set of sheets ! I needed them for an extra bedroom and they are perfect .
 I purchased these sheets as a gift for my daughter and she loved them so for 9.99 I think I did ok
 A very good value for the price . The fitted sheet is large enough to accomadate the thick mattress . The flat sheet is not quite wide enough , only giving a 8-10 inch overhang .
 These are really soft . The top sheet is only flannel on one side but for under 8 $ ca n't beat it .
 I bought these sheets for the price and for the fun factor . I did n't count on the comfort and warmth . I 've been using an electric blanket for years . I live in Minnesota , and typically turn it on when the nights get in the 30s ... sometime in November or December . I had already been using the electric blanket religiously when these sheets arrived , and when I put them on my bed I had to turn off the blanket . Yay ! Cost savings , comfort , and warmth , all rolled into one.I 've been sleeping better , more comfortable and surrounded by a fun print all for a very good price .
 wonderful for the price . Very cute and soft . My son loves them on his bed .
 Very comfy and warm . The only complaint is that I have an extra thick matress and the fitted bottom does n't quite fit , but on a non-pillow-top it should be fine
 I bought two sets of these sheets , one as a gift and the other for myself . I washed them before putting them on the bed and they softened up very well . The more I use them and wash them , the softer and fuller they get . I 've paid far more for other sheets , but these have become my favourites . The recipient of the other set loves hers , as well . Great price , great purchase .
 These sheets were great for the price . Deep pockets and nice , soft feel . Would buy again .
 I RECIEVED MY SHEET SET IN A TIMELY MANNER . FOR WHAT I PAID FOR THE SHEET SET I FEEL I GOT A GREAT DEAL . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY PRODUCT . I HAD ANOTHER SET AND THEY WERE SO THICK THAT MY HUSBAND AND I LIKE TO SWEAT OUR BUTTS OFF . THIS SHEET SET IS JUST RIGHT .
 I love these sheets . I was a little hesitant to order them because of the price . You normally end up getting what you pay for . That is not the case here . Sheets are so soft and very thick . I washed them as soon as I received them as directed on the the instructions . They did not wrinkle or shrink . I have a pillowtop king mattress and they fit perfect . Now my only regret is I should 've ordered a set in each pattern .
 Lovely and soft flannel . Can fit deep mattress . . The colors are much prettier than photo .
 I BOUGHT THIS SET FOR MY 10 YEAR OLDS BED & SHE GETS TONS OF COMMENTS ON THEM.THEY ARE VERY COMFY & VERY WARM.SHE LOVES THEM !! THEY ARE A GREAT SET FOR THE PRICE
 This sheet set is comfortably warm . It seems to be of better quality than a set I paid much more last year . Great Value .
 Very deep pockets , so fits a bit loosely on a standard twin , but it 's soft and cozy . I actually look forward to sleeping with these sheets ! Discounted price is GREAT !
 They really are a pretty set of sheets - and the price is excellent !
 I bought these for my Dad for his birthday and he said he loves them . after first washing there was a lot of lint in the dryer but this is normal for flannel sheets . He said he used Downey and they came out soft and cuddly . He said he does n't want to get out of bed ! He lives in Ohio and this is his first set of flannel sheets and he said they are comfortable enough to use year round . Great buy for the price and execellent quality !
 She said she loved these sheets , very soft .
 I wish I purchased additional sets of these sheets . So soft and warm . Incredibly priced .
 I got this at the outlet for a fantastic price as a gift and the recipient loves it . I could n't possibly purchase the material alone for double the price . I recommend these highly at this price .
 I bought this sheet set because it was inexpensive , and because I wanted an additional set for my bed but did n't want to spend a lot of cash . I had waffled between these and a different cheap flannel set -LRB- brand Pike Street , also on this site -RRB- , The greater gram weight -LRB- 150 vs. 135 grams -RRB- of this set is what decided me , and also since the other set had mixed reviews.The quality of the sheets is really good -- I washed them before I put them on the bed obviously , and feeling them before I put them in the washer , they felt stiff and like denim -- upon removal from the dryer , they were soft , cuddly , and quite thick ! No pilling -LRB- based on one wash -RRB- and really thick and warm , which is what I 'd prefer from flannel sheets.I can not vouch for the wear of the sheets yet ; I only got them recently but wanted to post a review so that others would know that they are very nice quality , and much better than I was expecting for the price!Also , note that `` oversized '' is mentioned several times in the description -- this is not a misnomer ! The flat sheet is a at least a foot longer than any flat sheet I 've ever had before , and actually touches the floor if I do n't tuck it in at the bottom ! The fitted sheet has nice , deep pockets , and would probably fit a pillow top mattress well -RRB- . It 's slightly too deep for my non-pillow top mattress , but not uncomfortably so.I got the blue floral paisley design , and find it very true to the picture . The bottom of the sheets is also attractive ; white with the darker blue floral design showing .
 These are awesome for $ 6 ! The red floral paisley is gorgeous . The reds are deep and vibrant and the background is a nice peachy color . They washed up great with no piling and are soft and warm ! They do not seem large on my pillow top mattress and even if they were for $ 6 why not go out and buy the sheet holder thingys ? What do they cost $ 3 , maybe ? C'mon and get over it ... if they were too small then that would be more of an issue.I am extremely pleased , so is dear husband and I hope my mom will love her blue floral paisley ones I got for her as well !!!!! Buy these !!!
 The sheets seem fine but the packaging looks like something you would see at `` Dollar General '' . They come off looking very cheap - not a big deal at all really unless you are giving them as a gift .
 When I opened these sheets , I felt them twice to see if they were flannel . Initially , they did n't even feel like flannel . They had a `` hard '' -LRB- for lack of a better term -RRB- surface . Washing them is what turns them into soft flannel . When I took them out of the dryer they were sooooooo soft . -LRB- My lint trap was PACKED -RRB- . At this writing they have only been throught the initial washing , so this review is not based on continuous use . I was 100 % thrilled until I went to put them on the bed . The corners fit over my mattress fine -LRB- ours is n't a super-thick mattress -RRB- , but I ca n't say how they would fit over the super-thick mattresses . My biggest beef is that they are side-skimpy . The elastic on the fitted shee is only at the corners and the sheets are skimpy enough width-wise that you CAN get them tucked under the side edge of your mattress , but they will not STAY tucked . So far , the fitted sheet has n't popped off the bed , but I wo n't say that day is n't coming . The flat sheet is super long . There is plenty to tuck in at the foot of the bed with enough for a `` turndown '' at the head of the bed . But again , the sides are skimpy . If they were just a bit wider I would give these 5 stars .
 Nice set , very soft and comfortable , they are made slightly oversized and fit a thick mattress perfectly.A few strings came off them at first washing , but no unravelling or fraying.an excellent bargain at the $ 12 they cost me on clearance sale .
 These run VERY large and do not fit correctly because of this . However , for the price , I still think they are a great bargain . They are very heavy duty and will probably last many years . They are also very warm . Almost too warm here in southen California . Those people in cold climates would LOVE them ! Anyhow , I would be giving five stars except for the mismatched fit . But I just tucked it in really good and they stay on the bed just fine .
 After reading some of the reviews on here . . I decided to post my experience . We ordered Queen for our Queen bed and these did not shrink . These sheets are so nice and soft ! They are very fluffy . So my suggestion would be to BUY these . Where else can you get a set of sheets for 8.99 ... the only downside ... one of my daughters has decided she likes these sheets too ... so i just bought 4 other sets of these for each of my girls !
 I was very pleased with the product . It was exactly what I wanted , it was in good shape , and it arrived within a reasonable amount of time . I was very satisied .
 I have several other snowmen from Mitford !! They are adorable !! It is as cute as I thought it would be and ca n't wait to put it on my tree !!
 I have actually had this item for awhile ! I wanted to purchase a large thickness but this has actually been great ! At least until I can afford my dream bed .
 These are the best sheets . So soft they make you feel like you are sleeping on a cloud . Every night I feel like I am sleeping in a 5 star hotel .
 Great sheets at a very reasonable price .
 Took me away to a warmer time , a simpler time ... and looks good on the bath room wall . I 'd like another from the series .
 Great comfort , lightweight . Just what I was looking for and at a good price .
 Kim Parker prints are my favorite . I love all the vibrant colors in her work . I feel happy everytime I see her work.The prints brighten any room and make one feel happy .
 I had very bad hoarseness from acid reflux . Prescription medicine was n't helping . My doctor advised elevating the head of the bed with blocks but that was not practical . I showed my doctor a picture of the prop up pillow and he said it looked to be the correct dimension . Within a couple of days after receiving my pillow my hoarseness was gone ! Yes , the pillow appears expensive but it is much less expensive than buying an adjustable bed . I do n't use the neck roll - I prefer to use my own memory foam pillow . My doctor said the back roll is to help keep one from sliding down the pillow . I strongly recommend this pillow to anyone with GERD/acid reflux .
 My acid reflux started a year ago . Whenever I lied down , my esophagus would start hurting within minutes . I tried just about all of the various acid reducing pills , both prescription and non-prescription as well as many natural remedies , with limited effect . I still woke up every hour or two at night and had to chew antacids to be able to sleep the next hour.After using this pillow for a few days my acid reflux pain disappeared and I do n't need medication anymore . I place the back support pillow along the lower edge of the wedge pillow , inside the pillowcase , to elevate my rib cage . I use the neck support pillow together with a regular pillow , inside a pillowcase , to support my neck . I try to sleep as much as possible on my left side , although after a couple of weeks there was no discomfort sleeping either on my back or on my right side .
 I purchased the Prop-Up Pillow to help alleviate the symptoms of acid reflux onset by my pregnancy.At first I tried a recommendation from a colleague to raise the head of my bed a few inches . This resulted in both my husband and I slowly sliding down the bed and ending up scrunched up at the bottom in the morning . Using regular pillows did not work either as I would end up with a serious neck ache and a very uncomfortable burning sensation in my esophagus proving that method was not helpful either.Then I found the Prop-Up Pillow online . I decided to call the company to ask a few questions before I ordered the pillow . The gentleman who answered the phone was extremely helpful and very knowledgeable about the product and the condition . I placed my order and received the pillow within a very short period of time . FINALLY I can sleep the entire night comfortably and my acid reflux symptoms have disappeared . My due date is coming up very fast and I love this pillow more and more each night.I highly recommend this pillow to anyone who is suffering from Acid reflux .
 I 've had acid reflux/GERD for more than 10 years . Even with Prilosec , which eliminated daytime reflux , I would still have flare ups when lying horizontally in bed . My doctor recommended raising the head of my bed 6 inches but let 's be real - who wants to sleep with their whole body on an incline like that ? This type of angled pillow is the perfect solution . I did lots of research - there 's quite a few types of wedge-shaped pillows to choose from , all of which are meant to alleviate the symptoms of GERD . I decided that even though the Prop Up Pillow costs more than some competing versions of similar pillows , the larger size and memory foam material would be worth it . I 'm a tall guy so having a few extra inches to work with can make a huge difference . I saw immediate results the very first night . No more waking up with that acidic taste in my mouth , sore throat , and hoarse-sounding voice . No more waking up in excruciating pain during the night to chomp down a handful of antacids.It did take some experimentation to figure out how to sleep on it , and took a few nights to get used to sleeping with half my body on an incline . By the fourth night it felt normal . I bought the souped-up version that comes with lumbar and neck support pillows but I 've found it 's easier using the Prop Up Pillow with my regular pillow on top of it . The lumbar and neck supports did n't provide any noticeable difference , so consider buying just the larger pillow and save yourself the extra $ -LRB- you can buy without the extra pillows at http://propuppillow.com/ -RRB- . As for size , its larger shape is very accommodating . I 'm 6 ' 2 with broad shoulders and I fit on it just fine . I can also see this easily supporting someone up to 6 inches taller . Other wedge-shaped pillows meant to treat GERD are not as large and I ca n't imagine a tall person sleeping on something smaller than this.Only two downsides to report , neither of which is significant : # 1
 Bought this for my husband who had severe acid reflux that woke him up at night more than 4-5 times per week . It took awhile for it to ship to us but once it arrived and he started using it , it has helped tremendously . It is a nice large size -LRB- both length & width -RRB- . My husband is 6ft tall and appreciates it being larger than other wedge pillows we had looked at . The washable cover is a plus too . My husband does n't use the lumbar supports - feels the wedge is comfy enough by itself .
 This is a wonderful product , worth every penny . The foam density is just right . I bought two bed wedges so that my husband & I can be side-by-side at night , and together they fit our queen size waterbed perfectly . I had two sets of pillow cases made by a skilled seamstress for the wedges and the neck and lumbar pillows.We , too , find that our bodies `` creep '' downwards during the night . My Dad was an invalid in the '60s with a rented hospital bed at home -LRB- with the back raised to assist his breathing -RRB- , and I recall that it was a problem for him , too . Whenever we went into his room , he would ask us to help pull him back up ... I would like to hear from someone as to how we might overcome this.I would recommend the Prop-Up Pillow to everyone who has a CHF diagnosis .
 Used to elevate my father in bed after his automobile accident and he could not lay flat . It worked great . He was able to sleep . The price was very good .
 The bed wedge , combined with a Brookstone neck pillow , is giving my asthmatic husband the best sleep he has in years . The slant is gradual , and the pillow is wide enough to accommodate a man 's wide shoulders , and still leave ample room for me in our double bed .
 I could never duplicate my mother 's potato pancakes and learned that how you shred the potatoes can make all the difference in the world . That was great advice along with using Crisco instead of vegetable oil . This shredder is the same kind that my mother used in the 50 's & 60 's . I remember those days of helping her shred a bag of potatoes . I looked for years to find a shredder like this and always resorted to grinding them in a food processor . Sure it was simplier that way but good things are achieved with a little elbow grease . To save my knuckles on the shredder , I use my vegetable holder from my mandolin on the potato . Try it , it works !
 Rather than buy single place settings , I would recommend the 50 piece set which includes 8 6 piece place settings . -LRB- dinner plate , salad plate , bread and butter plate , cup and saucer and a bowl -RRB- I bought it for 209.99 from belk.com . It is exactly the same and also includes a serving bowl and platter . The set is nice and simple and has the classic look of much more expensive sets .
 This Lid fits perfect and it is also neat to set another pot on top since the top of the Lid is lower and flat .
 Of course a lunchbox with a standard latch wo n't hold when it 's completely full of heavy diecast cars ... duh!My son actually uses this to carry all kinds of things in and has n't had a problem yet . It 's perfect size for the little ones and the graphics are great .
 I am a banquet cook at a large resort and frequently have to do tedious things like slice 2000 slider buns or cut 1000 tomato slices . Everyone who has borrowed this knife in the kitchen comes back to me and asks where I got it . It 's simply fantastic . The knife is light , the grip is excellent , and the blade is thin , which are all things you want out of your bread knife . Definitely keeps you going long after the guy with his 4 pound club has gotten fatigued . Would recommend to home cooks and chefs alike .
 This is a wonderful knife , I have many very expensive knives and for the money this is the best of the lot . It has a wonderful heft , it is easy to grasp , it cuts superbly , and it is so sharp it rivals my Kramer Damascus blade . I had originally bought a Kershaw sheath knife for camping and discovered what a superior blade it is , i immediately went out and bought a chefs blade for the kitchen . I do not allow anyone in the house to touch a couple of my knives , they are so sharp , and this is one of them .
 this scraper is well designed to be strong -LRB- not too tall which limits flex when scraping -RRB- , just sharp enough -LRB- cuts easily through dough as well as pizza crusts -RRB- , and easy on the eyes ! Hey I 'm a New Englander and I love maple wood in my tools . I would not put this beauty in the dishwasher , but it cleans up easily enough by hand . Great quality .
 Never had a bench scrapper before but love it now . Use it constantly in baking and cooking , cutting dough , moving flour around , even picking up chopped veggies . Excellent craftsmanship , appears well made and ready to last a lifetime .
 You will like this . It has a good handle , and a heavy blade with inch and cm rulers marked along the edge .
 I use this product to pickup chopped vegetables from my chopping board . I saw it used on a food show and I thought I would try it . I love it .
 Kershaw produces an excellent product at a reasonable price . This knife is just the right size for many uses . Love the feel in the hand and the rocking curve of the blade .
 I have purchased this knife as an upgrade from a Farberware Pro Chef 's Knife . Kershaw is a lot thinner , lighter , and infinitely sharper -LRB- buy some Band Aids -RRB- . It has enough curve for a rocking low motion and long enough for high cutting technique . I love it.P.S . Still love it after half a year , recommend dulling the blade corner near the pummel , it will reduce number of little cuts with out sacrificing usability .
 This is an excellent Santoku knife , but I thought it had the indentations on it to decrease sticking . Do n't get this if you want the kind that easily goes through everything . This knife does chop well , and is excellently made except for the lack of indentations .
 This shower curtain is a hoot and brings a smile to my face whenever I see it . The design is fun and the quality of the material is excellent.Whoever thought of this should get a prize !
 These trays are more beautiful than shown on the web-site . The craftsmanship and quality of materials are very nice . Very handsome set of trays !
 This fan/light works great . We bought it for our camping trip to Florida . The fan worked great while napping during the heat of the day and the light at night was fabulous !
 I recently took this on my last camping trip . Realizing that the light would be more useful than the fan . Where I was camping the nights were cold and the fan was not necessary . What was useful was the light that gave me a bright led that helped keep my tent lit when getting ready for bed . When I did try out the fan I was impressed by the air that came thru . Although my experience is more with the light I would say this is a necessary purchase for anyone taking a camping trip .
 Lightweight as hoped ; good size for occassional use.Haven ' t used this yet , but the combination of AA battery power source , LED bulbs , and lightweight fan look useful in a hot weather power outage -LRB- sits on a table top -RRB- , or for warm weather camping -LRB- built in rings allow this to be suspended from a tent ceiling -RRB- . Together with a AA battery recharger and extra batteries ; a great gift forsomeone in an area with power outages and hot weather .
 I frequently attend scrapbook retreats and crops and am very hot natured - so I ordered this fan for those occassions and it is great and the light on the top of it is an added bonus
 If you are going camping in the heat , this is the fan for you . The lights are an added bonus . Blows strong gusts and the battery life is amazing . I am a huge fan of this fan . You wo n't be disappointed .
 After an electrical outage in our neighborhood for two days I knew I wanted fans that would work on batteries . I researched and then found these on Amazon . I ended up buying 4 and pleased with the settings , the wind , the light and gave one to a friend and have one for my sister . One is a tiny bit noisy but lightly and I just love them . They are also portable and very well made . I am very pleased with the price , size , portability and weight.JJ / Dallas , Tx
 On time and as discribed.Works ok , but got a better on at alocl store for less money .
 I bought this fan last August . . just in case we had a storm in Houston . In September Hurricane IKE was in the Gulf so I quickly ordered one more of this fan and two of another . IKE went right over our area-we were without electricity almost two weeks and this fan really did help . It runs on batteries so it wo n't blast you with a lot of air , but , it creates a steady breeze so you can sleep at night .
 This fan is perfect for traveling . If you ever rent a room in a hotel with no air conditioner this fan will bring you great comfort . Highly recommended .
 I purchased two -LRB- one for myself , one for my mother -RRB- of these fans a couple of years ago for hurricane season . Had not taken out of the box except to try out , until Hurricane Gustav.This is a great little fan , runs on 6 AA batteries . Ran it ten hours and was still going strong when I turned it off.Fan is quiet , with a high and medium or reverse position . Kept me cool enough so I was able to sleep . With the adjustable arm , I was able to position it to the height that I wanted.I would n't taken anything for this fan , and as a matter of fact , I just order myself and my mother another one -LRB- just to be on the safe side -RRB- . At under $ 20 a piece , you ca n't go wrong .
 Well , my reason for having to buy a fan like this is two-fold
 This is the 2nd Wenzel LED Fan Light we have purchased from Amazon.My wife has severe asthma and during a spring power outage from a storm , the lack of air circulation bothered her until we remembered the first of these fans we had purchased earlier.We checked with Amazon for a second one and it arrived just in time to help us in a second power outage from a summer storm . Therefore I highly recommend these not only for camping , but for the type of emergency use we have experienced .
 My husband took his LED Fan Light on RAGBRAI -LRB- Register 's Annual Great Bicycle Ride Across Iowa -RRB- and was really impressed with and so were all of his friends . It withstood his tent blowing down and being ruined in a storm in the middle of the night .
 The lights glow bright , the fan works as well as any operated on batteries , the unit is light and portable . I love it and have had no problems with it . Plus , I am suprised how long it works without a battery change !
 I was really impressed with this fan - I do n't use it for camping but for ventilating my kitchen - it gives a strong breeze and is very quiet . Its design makes it easy to mount if you 're using it for the same purpose as me , and the fan direction is reversible . Get 6 rechargeable batteries and a charger and you 've got a great ventilation solution !
 This fan is an absolute MUST in case of an emergency power loss during warm weather , especially for people with respiratory problems . It is also good to have on hand for outdoor sporting events . It sells at a great price and the delivery time was exceptionally fast.Thank you making this product available .
 I wanted to get some new contemporary art work after my new marriage and this piece just spoke to me .
 Hi , We are running a pub here iN Marmaris Turkey.Since long time we are looking for the production place on lite ice cubes to import here to Turkey to sale.If you would like to make business with us to sale this product here in Turkey to the clubs please , inform us about the details ... If you do not prefer to make business together would you help us where to find the production center of this product in china or in Europe ... Thank youSincerelYBar SoydanZulal UyAnik
 Please I can You send me 5 of the Stars , thanks
 These are a real hit with everyone , from kiddie parties to Bar-B-Q 's ! Lots of fun , and different than most novelty items . Put them in your glove compartment in case you get stranded , next to your bed in case the power goes out , toss them in the pool , the tub , the punchbowl , the fun ideas with these things are endless . Incidentally , these work just the same as all the other `` Waterless '' drink coolers that we 've had since long before the `` lighted '' ones arrived on the scene . Why-ever would you `` throw them out '' just because the light was done ??
 I encountered these cubes in a bar in the Netherlands last week . They are so cool , you put them in your cocktails and they light them up . You can also dance with them -LRB- if you want to -RRB- . The best part about them is that you can stop them working and they 're not like the glow snap stuff you get at Disney , that lasts a few hours and then dies on you . They last for ages !!
 I discovered these beautiful little gems at the Sci-Fi Dine-In Theater restaurant at Walt Disney World in Florida . In a darkened atmosphere like the Sci-Fi Restaurant , these cubes show up great.I would recommend them for holidays or theme parties as favors for your guests . Use lots of candlelight during your party rather than overhead lighting to provide a `` darkened environment . '' Litecubes are economical and will certainly provide entertainment for your guests.This would be a five-star product if the batteries would provide more than 10-12 hours of use . Figure on using them for 3-5 cocktail parties before replacing them . Batteries are not replaceable -LRB- unless you have the capacity to reseal the Litecubes -RRB- . Store your litecubes in the refrigerator to slow the battery 's decay .
 I purchased several of these little gems in various colors for the first time a few months ago , and I have to say that my drinks have never been the same since ! Their ability to add a whole new dimension to the ambience and conversation of a given party never fails to impress either the host or the guests . My only issue with the Litecubes is that once their batteries run out -LRB- about 8 to 12 hours depending on storage and usage conditions -RRB- , you have no choice but to dispose of them and purchase replacements -LRB- which can get rather expensive if you own several sets of them in different colors like I do -RRB- since it is not possible to reseal the watertight plastic casing that houses the batteries . It would have been nice if they had designed them so that the batteries could recharged by placing the litecubes on a charger base of some kind , which would solve the power capacity issue for the most part without having to physically remove the batteries . -LRB- An upgrade for Litecubes 2.0 , perhaps ? -RRB-
 After much hesitation , I purchased these in differnt colors for our annual Halloween Bash ! They were a little pricy for something disposable , but once I receive them I was blown away ! They light up very bright and the colors are very vivid . They are soooo much fun and I am so excited to see my guests reactions to them . It was money well spent . They are durable and well made . The only drawback is the fact that you can not replace the battery so when they die , the fun is over ! But I would definately recommend picking up a set just for the fun of it . Maybe the manufacturer could think of a way to make the battery replaceable !
 I gave a two sets to my in-laws and they have used it everytime they have friends over , and their reaction is of surprise and curiosity . They all have a lot of fun drinking with their litecubes on . I am ordering more for them .
 This is the perfect present for anyone . . especially good for those who already have everything . I got them for my entire family this Christmas . From the oldest to youngest , they were a hit . Just odd enough to be fun , but practical enough to get used . And after 12 hours of use , they just throw them away , so you have n't created any useless clutter . -LRB- Get yourself a set too . -RRB-
 I would recommend them for holidays or theme parties as favors for your guests . -LRB- It is such a great gift in festival 's sovenuior such as wedding , X'mas or Halloween . -RRB- Litecubes are economical and will certainly provide entertainment for your guests , especially in darkness environment . If you want to buy Litecubes , you can contact us as follow email address
 LOVE THIS ! Makes rice so easy . I purchase another for a gift.Recommend to anyone that loves rice !
 We were looking for a steamer and the rice was a bonus . Turns out the rice is really nice -LRB- at a great price -RRB- . The instructions are confusing but the results are great . The rice cooker has been better then expected .
 The instructions are easy and in 45 min . you have great rice . The cooker comes with everything you need to prepare rice , vegetables , soup , etc. . The 45 min . it takes until the rice is ready is just enough time to prepare the rest of the dish . I had the supermarket slice up -LRB- free -RRB- some London Broil into 1/4 '' slices and I finished the final slicing for Mongolian Beef when I got home . The veggies came premixed and frozen in a bag and the sauce was only $ 10 for a rather large quantity -LRB- I 'll get alot of servings out of this -RRB- at Gordon Food Service.I love Chinese food but never made it before because of the hastle of getting all the ingrediants together and the cook time . Now I have no excuse and the meals are delicious .
 Really like this rice cooker - keeps cooked rice warm nicely , easy to use - nothing negative to report .
 I am very happy with my Sanyo rice cooker . It took me a while to learn how much water to use . Now that I know , everything is working out fine . I also like how easy it is to clean.Thanks for the great service Amazon.com.Gary Covert
 Great purchase . Better price than in stores . And very versatile . All of the functions work very well . We are quite happy with this purchase .
 The best rice we 've ever made . All claims provided by Cooks Illustrated are true . Excellant product that is so easy to use !
 We liked the perfectly cooked rice at our daughter 's house in Southeast Asia , and were disappointed in an American rice cooker we tried at home . The new Sanyo has been great , though , and now we can enjoy rice again.Sanyo ECJ-D55S 5.5-Cup Micro-Computerized Rice Cooker/Steamer , White with Stainless Accent
 I am an asian . I think this product is pretty good . Easy to use , easy to clean.Though it is a 5.5 cup cooker , you should not put that much rice . The ratio of water and rice should be like 1:1 . So I think the most you can cook is 3 cup of rice . Otherwise the water might come out when boil .
 This is exactly what I wanted in a Rice Cooker . Simple , not too many functions and works good . I was n't looking for a bunch of bells and whistles , just a simple rice cooker that was easy to use and reliable . Also , it is easy to clean up . Works great for a vegetable steamer too with the steamer tray .
 This is a nice rice cooker . You ca n't go wrong with this , it is easy to use , easy to clean . I am creative with my recipes and they always turn out . The brown rice is my favorite -- always cooked just perfectly . I can fill it up and leave the house for a couple of hours , then I come home to a pot full of dinner . The cooker switches onto Warm and the rice dish stays evenly warm . Ca n't give it a higher recommendation . I bought two smaller ones for my daughters .
 This is my first rice cooker ... it was rated one of the best as I did my research and decided to buy based on feedback from other owners . I must say that I totally agree with the majority of owners , its a fantastic product . The cooker is easy to use , easy to clean and delivers a reliable pot of rice every time . I have no idea what would make a cooker better , but for the average person , I doubt you will need anything more than this ... you can have TOTAL confidence that you made the right choice when you hit the ` add to cart ' button .
 My first rice cooker and I could n't be happier . Not only does it make perfect rice every time , it is the easiest thing to clean . If I could make one suggestion , it would be to make the water level makers on the inner pot a little easier to read - I need to use a flashlight . But a great product at a great price .
 I am pleased with this rice cooker . It arrived sooner than promised.Cleaning up is easy . I do n't have to wipe up the water on thecounter any more like I do with my old rice cooker . It 's perfectfor a small family . I cook brown rice every day . I have not trysteaming vegetables yet nor cook porridge . I am confident thatit can perform the above two functions well . Easy to store inthe cabinet .
 A little small for a crowd , but for a small family a perfect rice cooker . Makes perfect rice and super easy clean up.Better than my last cooker all the is rice cooked evenly and keeps the rice warm without making it crunchy on the bottom .
 Rice for my family is a must and that I can make all different spanish style recipes in minutes is out of this world . The grains are loose and the taste incredible !!! I bought this one because it also cooks brown rice so I will be adapting my recipes and I am sure they 'll be great with this little cooker !!!!
 Before this rice cooker - always burned my brown rice . Because it takes longer to cook , I would get sidetracked and end up with a mess . This does the job and keeps it warm til I get to it . Recommended by Cooks Illustrated .
 After years of trying to get rice to come out right on our glass top stove , we gave up and looked for a rice cooker . This one was recommended by Cook 's Illustrated . It works perfectly and we 're using it so regularly that it has earned countertop space , supplanting the stand mixer .
 I bought this rice cooker for my husband for Christmas , and we love it . It makes perfect rice every time .
 I 've been using this rice cooker for about a month . It cooks white rice and brown rice perfectly ! -LRB- It is best to rinse the rice before cooking it . The instruction say to soak brown rice before cooking ... but it cooks just fine with no or minimal soaking . -RRB- FINALLY , my kids are HAPPY with our home cooked rice . Before , they always asked why my rice does n't taste like the rice in restaurants . Now , they 'll eat 1/2 pot at one setting . You can cook any quantity you need from one `` cup '' to full capacity , 51/2 cups . The rice cooks quickly and can be kept warm for a few hours . Follow the measuring instruction carefully . A measuring cup is included . The non-stick pot is marked to show how much water to add . Measure rice , add water , 20 minutes + later , perfect rice . Clean-up is a breeze . The non-stick pot is removable and very easy to clean . You can wipe the other surfaces with a damp cloth . Con
 This product is simple to use and clean , and makes great brown rice in about 40 min . It outperforms a much more sophisticated and expensive product other members of my family use
 If you eat lots of rice , this is the utilitarian , simplistic , no bells and whistles appliance for you . Contrary to some commentary , it IS easy to clean . The beauty of this appliance is the hands-off rice cooking of ANY rice -LRB- I cook mostly brown -RRB- that I toss into it . It is not fussy , does not require programming and reliably does the job while I prepare the rest of the meal . The less pot checking I have to do , the more complex and enjoyable I can make the meal . The warming feature keeps the contents just right with no scorching . The simpler the machine , the less can go wrong . The removeable inner pot prevents dropping of rice into the cooking element while serving . Even the included serving spoon fits the pot contours just right and eliminates scratching of the non-stick coating . The only improvements I would make are easier to see fluid level markings on the pot interior -LRB- black on black is not the best idea -RRB- and an on/off switch , rather than having to pull the plug . Back to the cleaning a moment . Here 's what must be done
 I do n't understand the `` hard to clean '' complaints . I have used it 30-40 times and have done nothing more than a wipe down . The pot is so easy to clean it is disconcerting . Recent data I reviewed did not look good about these non-stick coatings - so I wish I could get a Stainless steel insert for it.If buying again , I would make stainless a priority . Until then , this sanyo works great . no other complaints at all .
 This rice cooker is so easy to use
 Excellent results and value for someone not needing to cook for a large family or group . The pictures online do not do this little cooker justice . It looks much better in person -LRB- less clunky -RRB- than how it is photographed online .
 I do a lot of cooking , especially Asian -LRB- Indian and Japanese mainly -RRB- and this rice cooker is a wonderful help . It makes perfect rice for sushi and served with curries and it 's so easy to clean . If you 're looking for a rice cooker , then this is the one to buy
 This may be the perfect rice cooker . It is easy to use and clean , and it has allowed me to become a rice cooker extraordinaire ! -LRB- If you saw how poorly my rice used to turn out , you would agree . -RRB- The capacity is perfect ; I ca n't imagine that I would ever have a need to make more rice than this machine can produce . I knew this model did well in the `` Cook 's Illustrated '' evaluations , and I was attracted to its reasonable price . But , I debated whether or not I should spend the money for `` just rice '' . JUST DO IT ! Why did I wait so long ?!
 I carefully read all of the reviews and the Sanyo ECJ-N55W rice cooker/steamer seemed like the best one . It is extremely simple to use and clean . It makes perfect rice everytime and as a bonus , it steams vegetables perfectly . If you were like me and were cooking your vegetables in the microwave , you will never go back . They taste some much better after being steamed . Broccoli takes only ten minutes to steam in this cooker .
 I bought this for my wife based on equipment test results in Cooks Illustrated magazine . We have never had a rice cooker before , but we decided to get one when my wife got tired fussing with of over - or under-cooked rice . So far this thing has been great . It is very simple to use , and makes perfect rice every time . It is also very easy to clean up . It is of sturdy construction and will probably last a long time . Definitely worth the investment .
 This is the best buy from Amazon so far.My lunch and dinner is good because of this rice cooker.It is really worth buying .
 We recently replaced our rice cooker/steamer with this product and it does a very good job . The rice cooks quickly and to the right consistency . Also steaming vegetables is quick and they come out perfect . I would recommend this product .
 Do you cook rice often ? If you do , a rice cooker is a must . We have used an Aroma version -LRB- excellent -RRB- but the inside teflon finally wore out - our fault . So what to do ? Well , this one was top rate by America 's Home Kitchen . Its smaller than our old 10 cup version , but great for an older couple -LRB- as we are -RRB- and probably large enough for most American families.It does an excellent job . And despite one comment is not hard to clean . -LRB- It has more parts to clean than some but there you go ! -RRB- This one also functions as a steamer and a porridge cooker - we 'll have to see how those work.But for the price - far less than some of the digital ones , its a great buy .
 We got this rice cooker a little over 3 years ago , and it 's still going strong . We use it about 4-6 times per week to cook batches of rice and steam our veggies . It 's mostly used to steam veggies , but we like that we can do both tasks with it without having to buy a 2nd kitchen appliance . The steamer basket is n't too big and only steam about 4 servings of veggies , but that is fine for our household at this time . The rice cooker makes about 7 standard cups of rice -LRB- not the rice cookers measurement of a cup -RRB- , which is more than enough for us . The only complaint I have about it is that the rice gets browned on the bottom by the time it is done cooking . It 's not that big of a deal b/c you can mix it in , but if you are really picky about the consistency of your rice , this might bother you . It also seems to overcook the rice a bit and blow out the grain . Again , does n't bother us , but if you are picky about your rice texture , this might not be the machine for you . We cook mostly brown basmati , so I 'm not sure if white jasmine rice or something like that comes out better . Overall , I definitely recommend this machine . When ours breaks we will probably upgrade to a more sophisticated one , like a Zojirushi so we can do more advanced things , but this is a perfect , low-cost , machine to get someone started . We could n't afford a Zojirushi at the time and bought this one instead after reading reviews and do not regret it one bit ! It has served it 's purpose well and continues to do so .
 This rice cooker works great for rice . I have n't really tried any of it 's other functions , but I searched the web before purchasing this item to find out what was the `` best budget '' rice cooker , and this one was recommended . I am definitely happy about this purchase !
 Purchased this rice cooker as a Christmas gift for my boyfriend -LRB- it was on his list -RRB- . I 'm not a steamed rice fan but he certainly is and he loves it .
 This has been a good rice cooker . The bowl is n't a cheap finish , it makes good jasmine rice and for the cost , it 's very good .
 I LOVE this rice cooker . Admittedly , it 's the only one I 've ever owned , so I have no basis for comparison , but everything I 've put in it has come out perfectly , including brown rice -LRB- just soak it for 2 hours before cooking -RRB- . I use it all the time ! It is a little annoying to wipe down around the steam vent , but otherwise , I have found nothing wrong with it . My husband and I eat rice at least once a week , so it gets used a lot !
 I have used this machine twice -- once with brown rice and once with white . Both came out great . I did find the directions for the amount of ingredients confusing . It uses much less water than I expected . All in all , a great machine .
 This product fulfills my expectations of this purchase ; an inexpensive , simple small size rice cooker without all the bells and whistles . The product was promptly shipped by the seller at the listed price and arrived in good shape . The only shortcoming I would like to see changed would be a removable lid .
 Spattered a bit , but did a good job of making rice . Porridge ? Do they mean oatmeal ? What about cooking macaroni and cheese -- no info for that in booklet . Have not tried it for soup .
 I had an issue for the older one and replaced it . The new one works fine .
 I 'm Asian and this is a WONDERFUL LITTLE COOKER ! Perfect size for a couple or occasional rice makers ! Excellent value for the price!Clean up is SUPER EASY IF YOU DO N'T WAIT TOO LONG . If you use this machine properly , as per instruction manual and/or rice cooking directions , a once over with a wet sponge to the outer shell and under the lid will take 2 minutes . Soak non-stick rice pot as soon as possible.I specifically purchased it to make JOOK ... a traditional Cantonese `` comfort food '' . It whipped it up SUPER quick
 We received this model as a gift from dear friends -- after having cooked rice for decades in a covered saucepan on the range . This is terrific ! Just put in the rice , salt and water , press down on the start button , and wait for the cook light to go off . It takes about 20 minutes , just like on the range top , and produces perfect rice -- plus no more guessing , no more checking -LRB- and no more occasional overcooked rice as I must admit to when I used the old way in the past -RRB- .
 I 've had mine about 2 weeks now and have to say I am very happy with it . It works great with brown rice and white . Reading the water level is difficult as others have mentioned . But I resolved that by taking the special spoon that comes with the cooker , standing it upside down in the pot and filing small marks on the side of the spoon handle that correspond to the pot markings . Now when I add water , I stand the spoon up in it and add water to the mark on the spoon . This makes it much easier for me.Another thing I did was carefully measure the volumn of the measuring cup that comes with the cooker . I was afraid it would get lost , so I made note of the US measurement equivalent - 2/3 cup plus 1 tablespoon.A few folks have mentioned that it is hard to clean . I found it very easy . But I always rinse my rice first to get rid of excess starch . For me , this elimiates the foamy/boilng water mess . I wash the pot right after cooking , so it cleans easily . The vent in the top lid and the condensation cup both pop out easily for cleaning . A quick wipe down with a sponge and it is clean .
 This is one of the best electrical items that I have in my home . It cooks steel oatmeal as well as rice . All these cooked perfectly . It is a breeze to clean and is small and portable . I loved it so much I bought one for my married daughter in Minneapolis . AND she loves it too . I use it at least 2-3 times a week .
 I read about rice cookers online via Roger Ebert , and thought to ask Santa for one . The fat man delivered this Sanyo model , and I have n't looked back since . This 5.5 cup ricer cooker/food steamer/crock pot combo can do it all.Not sure what other people are complaining about , this thing is a breeze to clean . A wet paper towel along all the edges , outside and in , and you 're done . Empty the condensation collector every few uses . I do it every time . One of the highlights for me has been the ease of use and time saving in total meal preparation . Soapy water for the pot.STEAMING ! So the rice cooking function is pretty obvious . It works great and 1 cup of rice is cooked in 20 minutes , plus 10-15 minutes of just steamy fluffing . But the best part is the steamer basket that comes with it . It rests perfectly on top of the pot , so when you close the top lid it seals everything together tight . This way you can steam cook eggs , veggies , chicken or other meat , etc. . All you have to pay attention to is time . Potatoes take 30 minutes , and at the 12-15 minute mark you can throw in the broccoli and it will all turn out delicious . Hard or soft boiled eggs are awesome.SOUPS ! I 've made all kinds of soups in this . It has a soup function that just works . Grab your leftover meats and vegetables and some chicken broth and throw it all in the pot and 20-30 mins later you then have food all day long , possibly two days depending on how much you eat . You can always store the first 5.5 cups and make more . You will save money by realizing you do n't have to order out or get Subway , you can make a lot of delicious soup for cheap!I also think my houseplants are appreciating the extra humidity .
 I bought this specifically for making brown rice as I could never get a good texture on a conventional stove -- it 's makes wonderful brown rice .
 Very easy to use ... and a good size . Only negative is cleaning the back and top ` valve ' area .
 This Sanyo rice cooker is just right for cooking rice -LRB- what a concept ! -RRB- . It 's a plain Jane , but does the job very well . The cooked rice is tender without being mushy , the grains individual and not stuck together in a gummy mess . It 's easy to adapt rice cooker recipes - `` The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' is a terrific companion and clean-up is fast.If you 're looking for a basic rice cooker without the bells and whistles of various programs , this is a good one to choose .
 This is a really nice product and ca n't be beat for the money . I did a lot of reasearch and this was listed as a top model over all other brands but one and some of them were three times or more the money . Defintiely worth it .
 I 've only used the rice cooker about 10 times . So far , no complaints . Harder rice such as wild or brown takes longer to cook , but that 's the way it is not matter what you 're cooking it in . If you try to max-out the # of cups you 're cooking the steam release will boil over on the top . The steamer release is easy to remove and clean . Works best if you are cooking less than 1 - 11/2 cups of rice -LRB- plus the recommended water -RRB- . I would n't rely on the `` keep warm '' feature for more than 15 - 20 min b/c the rice does dry out . I 've learned it 's best to shut off the unit and leave the lid closed once it 's done , that keeps it warm enough until we 're ready to eat . Very easy to use , keep clean , and store . It 's an affordable rice cooker and does a pretty nice job . I 'd buy it again .
 I 've always cooked rice in a saucepan on a stovetop before but got tired of the pan bubbling over all the time . This cooker is great . It is capable of making quite small amounts of rice too . I routinely cook about one-half a cup of rice in it and it turns out great . Brown rice needs to be soaked for six hours or longer prior to cooking or it really wo n't turn out very good but that is usually recommended anyway . I use one rounded half-cup brown rice that has been soaked , rinsed and drained , and two-thirds cup water , letting it stand for fifteen minutes while still covered after the cooking cycle is complete . It turns out fluffy and perfect every time . Very easy to clean too , just a quick wipe of the inside cover with a damp sponge , pop out the steam vent and rinse it off , and wash the inner basin with a non-abrasive sponge or cloth . I could n't possibly be happier with this cooker , I use it nearly every day .
 The only problem that I have with this rice cooker is that the directions were not written very well . Once we deciphered the instructions , the Sanyo has been great to use .
 This is an excellent rice cooker , and as other reviewers have commented , it does a particularly good job with brown rice -LRB- be sure to soak brown rice for a couple of hours first -RRB- . It avoids some of the problems of the Panasonic SRG06FG which I used for several years
 This cooker does a great job cooking rice . I have not used it for other recipes as it was purchased for rice prep . I find it easy to clean and easy to use . The cooker I had years ago was a nightmare in every way . I would recommend this with no reservations .
 Almost anything would have been an improvement over the Aroma rice cooker my new Sanyo replaces . It 's easy to use and produces consistently excellent rice every time - and as I was raised by a Japanese mom , I 'm kind of a snob in this regard . I agree with complaints that the unit 's design does n't accommodate easy cleaning , but if cleanup is done immediately after each use , it 's not too much of a chore . If you allow the accumulated starch to dry in the nooks & crannies around the lid & the closure , it 'll be a royal pain .
 Had a basic B&D cooker before , this is one step up from that IMO . The size is nice to have more leftover rice for the next dinner . It is easy to clean but the switch sometimes does n't work and twice the rice was n't cooking , just on warm . So now I just double check 5-10 min after . Works well for brown rice .
 There is no easier or better way to make rice , soups , or to stew meat and veggies . Simple , fast , infallible . No waiting , no watching . It stays warm 'till you can get to it . Perfect rice , push a button , walk away , never burn a pan again !
 It arrived on time and in good condition . I used it the day after it arrived and it worked perfectly . I could n't be happier . MMMMmmmm ! Perfectly cooked , fluffy fragrant Basmati brown rice . Life is goood .
 This is an AMAZING product ! It makes PERFECT rice every time , never sticks to the pot and is amazingly easy cleanup ! I would HIGHLY recommend this product to everyone !
 It 's easy to use . It 's easy to clean up . Functions are simple to understand . I have n't had it for long , so , I do n't know anything about it 's durability yet .
 This cooker has been great ! The cleanup is a snap . It steamed the veggies while the rice cooked ! While I love the rice it cooks , what I use it for the most is for cooking steel cut oats . They come out perfect everytime and are sooo yummy . No more standing over the stove waiting for breakfast!Sanyo ECJ-N55W 5-1/2 - Cup Electric Rice Cooker with Porridge/Soup Cooker and Steamer
 I 'm peruvian and we eat white rice all the time , After checking the '' American test kitchen '' pbs web site where they test everything and give you the best choice , I decided to buy this rice cooker since I was tired of burning the rice and ruining my pots . They where right , IT AWESOME , no more burned rice for me .
 I 've only made rice with this . It comes out well every time , following the water-to-rice instructions -LRB- brown , white , wild , mixed - all work -RRB- . However , the seal is a bit annoying to clean , and the removable silicome part that goes in the lid -LRB- it 's two parts , one plastic , one silicone -RRB- is very small and I am always worried about losing it . I doubt there is a better design out there , though . The one-piece lid makes for a tight cooking seal and well-prepared rice , so unfortunately I think the cleaning issues are inherent to design .
 Easy to clean . I have n't tried the porridge and steamer functions yet , but the rice part works great . Just what I wanted . Good size for a hungry family of 4 to 5 .
 We use the Sanyo ECJ-N55W mostly to cook brown rice . It does it perfectly . We have tried other things and everything has come out perfectly cooked . The non stick pan is wonderful and the clean-up is simple . We love it .
 I love this rice cooker . Some say it 's a pain to clean but the pot is super-easy to clean even with the stickiest rice . Now I do have to admit that all I ever clean is the teflon-bowl that the rice actually cooks in . If you want to keep this appliance looking new inside and out it will take more work , but mine does n't look too bad after many dozens of uses . If you want something that looks great on your kitchen counter , buy the Zojirushi . If you want a great and simple rice cooker , this is the one .
 Very easy to use while you are preparing the rest of your meal . Trouble free operation is the key word here .
 i 'd read / researched much before purchasing this item . checked &#34; Consumer Reports &#34; as well as read many reviews about his particular model . most were helpful / spot on
 Got this for the wife . She is always making rice . She had an ancient cooker before that was as old as dirt . After she used this one , she had no problem getting rid of the old one .
 This rice maker makes perfect rice . I have made all sorts of rice with it , Calrose , long grain , Basmati , etc. . I 've never used the steamer , or soup functions but I imagine they would work well.I do n't think I can overstate how good the rice is that comes out of this cooker . I highly recommend it .
 Being Japanese-American , I have been raised around rice cookers since birth . The old models my family used had the lid bobbing on the steam being generated ; the rice was perfect regardless . The `` fancy '' models now being sold for over a $ 100 are overkill . This machine follows the `` KISS '' principle to a T . While the lid does n't bobble anymore due to the vent , it works fine . The only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I can not see the water level markings . They are the same color as the non-stick coating .
 This is my first rice cooker . Always used the stove top method before . I only cook for two so this little cooker is perfect . It wipes up with a wet paper towel . It does not seem to be made for cooking large quantities of rice . some of the reviews complain about it being hard to clean , i 'm guessing they cook large quantities and it boils up onto the top of the cooker.It is perfect for two people . I 'd buy it again .
 Rice of all kinds cooks to a perfect texture and stays warm for hours without sticking to the pot . Wiping out the gasket and steam vent is easy compared to scrubbing burnt rice out of the bottom of a saucepan . We use ours at least 3 times a week and love it .
 Before your first time of cooking , you have to hold the rice cook in your chest and wash the inside of the lid under hot water from the tap . I did n't do that until my third time cooking . The first two were terrible with my cooked rice filled with awful plastic smell . After I washed the lid with flowing hot water from the tap , I do n't get any plastic smell in my rice any more . The manual should have that instruction . Also I tried to cook my porriage with the lid shut , it is also OK . So far I 'm satisfied with it . If it has timing , it would be perfect .
 This cooker is easy to use and it works great . A big improvement from my last cooker . It 's taken me a few batches to get the rice just the way I like it , but now that I have it down , I get the same great rice each time . It 's easy to clean and the instructions have cute little Japanese animation . I have n't made soup yet , so I ca n't comment on that , but I 'd recommend this for rice for sure .
 Have used the cooker twice . First time
 I researched rice cookers before choosing this particular model because I wanted good steamed rice that would stay fresh for an hour or so and I did not want to spend a lot of money on special features that I would probably not use , like timers , programmers , etc. . You ca n't get much simpler than this product . Accurately measure the rice -LRB- with the provided measuring cup -RRB- , add water and push down the button to get it started . While it cooks you can work on preparing the rest of the meal . The interior is easy to clean , which I like because I tend to be messy when I cook and I do n't need anything that makes cleanup harder.I have n't tried cooking anything else besides rice because , well it 's a rice cooker . I can take care of steaming fresh veggies with other methods as well as preparing a nice soup.Tom in Austin .
 Cooks rice -LRB- including brown rice -RRB- very well . I also tried quinoa and that came out well too . It is very easy to operate and clean . Only problem is that the exterior gets quite hot .
 For a relatively inexpensive rice cooker , this product offers a lot of other options in addition to cooking rice . Compact and easy to carry from counter to table with the handy handle . It is easy to clean and reassemble , and can be tucked away into your cabinet due to its compact size .
 This is one of those appliances you buy and it does just what it is supposed to do . It is simple , but excellent .
 I never had formal china and finally got Noritake Crestwood Platinum . I love it , love it , love it !
 I bought two of these . My husband measured and cut them with our table saw . They fit great and are really nice quality . Everyone asks where I got them .
 This replaced an old and frozen fan on my catalina 25 . It is the same size and works well . It is in place in the space with the v-berth and is helpful to move air into this space . It is an easy replacement . Only critique is that the neck does not hold its position as I would like , but tighten the nut and it does hold .
 I purchased this as part of a wedding gift . It was very nicely made and the bright colors add charm .
 I 'm not sure how much I can say about a meat tenderizer ... it either does the job or it does n't , and this one does , regardless of the meat . We 've tried it on chicken and ribeyes thus far - it allowed the marinade that we use on ribeyes to permeate much better than before , which cuts down on time and makes a better steak ! On the chicken , it easily turned standard grocery store chicken breast into restaurant quality tenderness.The handle is great , it 's nice & comfy . The shape of the handle overall is ergonomically friendly.The tweak it needs
 I wanted a lead crystal decanter to hold my good scotch -- not necessarily to impress house guests , but because decanters are a great throwback to the early days when everyone was a lot less PC . I selfishly wanted a decanter for my own , personal enjoyment.Unfortunately , everything I 've read about lead crystal strongly suggests that the lead will leach into your beverage of choice over time . We 're talking WAY over the amount considered safe . So I went with the Excalibur , which is plain glass.The top fits the neck snugly with a ribbed plastic stopper . I 'd have preferred rubber , but what are you going to do ? I read some reviews that said the top has a tendency to pop off . What kind of cheap whiskey are these people drinking ? My top stays on just fine . I 've currently got a 16-year-old Aberlour in the decanter . Speaking of which , if you 're wondering what size the neck of this decanter is , it accepts the Aberlour cork perfectly.It 's not beautiful like lead crystal , but it 's nice enough to keep on the bar top . The photo might make it appear to be whitish , but I assure you it 's clear like new glass should be . If you were to wash it , especially with hard water , you might regret it over time . I plan to keep it filled with scotch at all times , just dusting it occasionally . `` Made in Italy '' is debossed into the bottom to prove its origin . The glasses actually look very nice , with thick bottoms . They sort of look like crystal ! I honestly had no need for more glassware , but the price of this item was good enough that the glasses could have arrived broken and I 'd have simply thrown them out.Relive the Rat Pack days and get one for yourself !
 I bought it for my boyfriend for christmas and he loved it.It 's a nice looking set and I 'm very happy with this purchase
 Nice set for the money . My nephew specifically chose this item for his Christmas list . He is delighted with the set .
 There are nicer sets out there but for the price this one does make your liquor look fancy and makes you feel fancy when you reach for it at the end of the day .
 He has n't seen it yet but I know he is gong to love it ! It shipped before the estimated date and is just what I was looking for . Its out first Decanter so its perfect for a starter . Maybe one day i will get him a crystal set ;--RRB- from Amazon.com of course .
 this is a very nice glass set . it 's not as nice as crystal , but for the price it can be beat . the design is simple , not over done .
 A honing steel is used to straighten the tiny rolls in a knife 's edge . About 6-12 passes on each side of the knife will be sufficient for most knives to bring the slightly rolled edge back in line and return the knife to razor sharp . This only works if you do n't allow your knife to get very dull . If it gets sufficiently dull you have to sharpen -LRB- remove metal -RRB- on stones or diamond plates/paddles , ceramic rods , or with another sharpening method . Honing , in contrast , does not remove metal . It straightens the rolled parts of the edge . If you hone each time after you 've washed and dried your knife you will maintain the edge and wo n't have to sharpen it very many times per year.This honing steel does NOT have diamonds in the surface . It is a hardened steel rod that , being harder than the knife blade , is able to straighten the rolled edge . Honing steels with diamond particles remove metal and thus sharpen while straightening the edge as well . I recommend this type of honing steel because it allows you to simply straighten the edge instead of constantly removing metal , which shortens the life of a knife . I 'm sure some people prefer a sharpening steel with diamonds , but I prefer one without them . If I want to sharpen I use 3M wet/dry silicon carbide sandpaper , a Wicked Edge Precision Sharpener or my Spyderco Sharpmaker . Using this honing steel after washing and drying the knife after use for food prep maintains the razor sharp edge . When the edge has been damaged too much to respond to honing it 's time to resharpen the knife . Depending on the edge geometry and steel used in your knife you might need to sharpen once a month or as infrequently as once a year or less.This Kershaw steel is decently heavy , which is something you want . If the steel is too light you have to be careful to not let the knife move the steel , which could lead to accidental injury . If the steel is too thin it will wear out sooner . This one has a comfortable handle and the steel has good length and diameter to allow for easy , safe honing and for long term use . I got this on sale for $ 15 . I would n't pay more than $ 20 for a honing steel when one like this can be had inexpensively and it will work well.Kershaw is a name brand of pocket knives . The brand is owned by KAI , which produces Shun kitchen knives , Kershaw pocket knives , and their more `` tactical '' line of pocket knives called Zero Tolerance , among other things .
 Product worked as it should for a sharpening steel -LRB- it really just takes of the rolled edge of a blade , honing -RRB- . The handle is the only complaint very bulky feel , but it does serve its purpose in regards to making your grip easier when honing . You really can not go wrong with Kershaw every knife I have is my blade of choice when cooking , rather than my four stars .
 Pretty Cool ! A fun collectible Stones ` fans ! All tongue . John Pasche is an art designer , most famous for designing the `` Tongue and Lip Design '' logo for the popular band . Pasche designed the `` Tongue and Lip Design '' logo in 1971 , which was originally reproduced on the Sticky Fingers album . In August 2008 , the design was voted the greatest band logo of all time in an online poll .
 I purchased this cookie jar for my mother to give my son and his bride for a wedding gift . I had looked long and hard because Mother wanted them to get a nice cookie jar that their children would like -LRB- both have children from previous marriages -RRB- . When I saw the picture and write-up for this cookie jar I knew it would be a hit , as well it was . It was also very well priced of superior quality . I am very pleased and sent Mother the picture of it . She was tickled with the item and the price .
 I bought this for my sister and my brother-in-law for christmas and they love it . My sister has been making cookies just to have some to put in the cookie jar .
 The best feature of this unit is that the sound is rich and deep . Not the tinny sound typically associated with a clock radio . Plus , the bass and treble are individually adjustable -LRB- via remote control -RRB- . The remote control is solid , heaviest one I 've ever handled . It includes a sleep/snooze button , display dimmer , and all the typical radio/CD player controls . Only negative with the remote is that it does n't glow or light up . Fortunately , the snooze button and volume controls are in the corners , making their locations easy to remember.There is a headphone jack in the rear , auxilliary input on the front.When the unit off , there is only one brightness setting for the display . However , the display is easily readable during daylight , and it does not light up a dark room -LRB- nor would I even consider it a sufficient night light , it 's that subtle -RRB- . Perfect . When the unit is on , the display brightens up a bit , which can be dimmed via the remote control . By the way , the lighted portion of the display is actually blue , not green as it appears in the picture here.Another welcome aspect of this unit 's performance is that you ca n't hear the CD player spinning about when the volume is set very low . Everyone who falls asleep to CDs knows how annoying a noisy player can be.While technically there is no battery back-up , the unit retains clock/alarm/tuner settings if power is out for no more than 30 minutes . In my experience most power outages last less than 30 minutes , so this is acceptable to me . Others may not find this enough for their needs.CONS
 The sound quality of this rivals the Bose tabletop ; certainly its a better value for the price . Its not as attractive and a little larger , but the features are well placed and the remote is very useful.Mine got damaged by a bad surge , so if you get one , use a surge protector with it to preserve it .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but we love this clock radio ! We loked at several at the stores , but they all had flat , tinty sound . The sound on the Teak is great - alot of low and high end & great seperation . The dual alarms and remote control are great features . The increasing volume , whle a little annoying , does the trick & gets me out of bed -LRB- O.K. - after I hit the remote control snooze a couple of times -RRB- . We 've been through a couple of MP3 alarms & this is the best sound so far . It may not have battery back-up , but I set my travel alarm as a back-up when I have something that ca n't be missed in the a.m. . Much better to have something that actually sounds good .
 I had been searching around for some time for a good clock radio for the bedroom , with good sound and preferably CD . I had looked at the Tivoli radios and Boston Acoustics , but found the radio/alarm capabilities limited -LRB- the models available today may be more feature rich -RRB- . The TEAC SR-L100 has dual alarms , plays AM/FM/CD , and has an AUX input for your MP3 player . I think this latter feature is a must on any modern radio and I use it often.The only downside I can think of is that method for setting some of the time functions is not highly intuitive . Without the manual -LRB- I have it , but was too lazy to go searching -RRB- , it took quite a while to figure out how to change the alarm time just by trial and error!The quality is good , reception is fine , and sound is good . I would n't say `` great '' for any of these , but certainly good and worth the money . Sadly , it seems this model is no longer available , although I have still seen them in Target stores . -LRB- as of Jun 2008 -RRB- Update
 HA!I inherited this unit because my son could n't figure out how to set the clock . And I gave it to him new with the manual !!! I did have to set the clock by opening the CD player and pushing the clock set button , which is a little out of the way . But , once that was accomplished , everything else was fine.The sounds here are rich for a desk-top unit . Remote control handles all adjustments other than the clock set . Adjust the Bass and Treble with separate adjustments from the remote . Turn off or snooze the alarm with the remote . I have a blackberry , and on AUX my blackberry connects and plays my music via the typical AUX cord . The TEAC also serves as a Bluetooth if I get a phone call . I can be listening to kickin ' old Talking Heads , and then take a call from my daughter in college without missing a beat.I 've seen a refurbished TEAC SR-L100 for sale on Amazon , for as little as $ 75 . If you need a good quality clock/radio/ce / aux/alarm/bluetooth unit ... . I 'd get it whenever you find one . It 's well worth the money !!! Ciao .
 I bought one at Target and I wish I had bought two . Now they are out of stock and I ca n't find one . For the price , this product delivers fine sound . I agree with some previous reviewers on the issue of the battery , but that is a minor point . I love the sound !!! It also has good radio reception for stations that are at the fringe of the FM reception band . I did not buy it as a clock radio , but as a less expensive alternative to Bose . At $ 400 less than the comparable Bose , I say `` go for it ' ! I hope it is available soon .
 I gave this food processor to my daughter and son-in-law for their anniversary and they LOVE it . It is compact , but still makes a healthy , generous portion .
 This horseshoe cat is aweomse ! I would like to buy more for my Christmas presents . Very well made and good value .
 I have been looking for kitchen drawer organizers for a very long time . I saw these at a friends house and had to have them . My only word of caution is that you have to cut them down to size yourself -LRB- tells you this in the description -RRB- . A VERY MINOR inconvenience for a fantastic product . Very well made and a perfect fit !
 I decided to give away my old tree this year , as I wanted something more substantial . I looked at trees for a couple of weeks , including in stores , before deciding on this tree . The day it arrived , I decided to put it up myself . I am not the most mechanical person in the world , and in the past , my husband always put up the tree for me to decorate . Feeling adventurous , I decided to give it a go so pulled the heavy box inside myself . The box turned out to be so heavy because this tree is extremely well made ! It comes with an instructional DVD , but I did n't need it . The tree was in 3 parts and slipped together effortlessly . I must admit that the weight made it a little tough -LRB- I weigh 128 lbs -RRB- , but I got the job done . The branches opened easily , falling into place , as soon as I removed the binding . I went to work on the well-made branches , fluffing and arranging them until the tree was absolutely gorgeous . There are no `` holes '' in the tree if you take the time to pull down the branches near the center of the tree ! The light frosting on the tips , as well as the firmly-attached , real pine cones , make the tree look real . The frosted lights also give it a nice , soft glow.The tree is so pretty that I did n't use but half my decorations this year . I wanted the tree , itself , to stand out ! The price on this tree is absolutely fantastic , considering its quality construction . You will not be disappointed .
 I purchased this tree on Amazon 3 years ago and it looks just as good now as when I first took it out of the box . I have had no problems with any of the lights and it looks beautiful in my home . As others have stated I thought the flocking would look tacky , but it really looks elegant . Would recommend to anyone looking for a tree they can use year-after-year with no hassle or fuss with set-up .
 I ordered this tree on-line , after looking at many trees locally . When we put the tree together ... we were amazed by how easy the assembly was , and how rich and full the tree looked . I feel we received a much better product for the price we paid ... and will enjoy our tree for many years to come . We especially like the combination of frosted and clear lights , and the pinecones and branches with a hint of frosting . Thank you for such an outstanding value .
 This tree is really nice . It 's got tons of tips , lights already installed , nicely tucked in pine cones and set up is a snap . With the addition of tinsel and candy canes , I got some nice compliments on the Christmas tree . It is a bit heavy and my son and daughter had to help set it up and take it down . I am very happy though with the purchase . My only recommendation would be to buy one of those canvas bags to store and protect the tree during the year .
 I have never been so happy to have purchased something offline before . This tree is beautiful ! The branches are so thick and life-like . It is SO much better than similarly priced trees in the department stores . Yes , there is not that much room under the tree for presents , but overall it 's gorgeous and easy to set up .
 I looked at several 7-1/2 foot Christmas trees before choosing this one . The price was $ 229.99 . It 's absolutely beautiful ! The pine cones are a nice touch . I like the fact that if one light burns out , the others stay on . But so far , all lights are working fine . I would definitely recommend this tree !
 I finally made some time to set up the tree yesterday . At first I was skeptical because it had branches with hinges that folded out , and also the bristles looked somewhat fake . With my wife constantly telling me , `` I told you we should have bought the one from Target '' I began to assemble the pieces and spread out the branches . Wow , we were both astonished when we finally spread out all of the branches and turned the lights on . The tree looks beautiful in our livingroom . When you look at the branches up close you know that it 's artificial -LRB- I imagine all of the fake Christmas trees have this problem -RRB- , but when you step back 2 ~ 3 feet , the tree looks real . The manufacturers did an excellent job with adding `` frost '' at the tips and putting pinecones . They also gave us tools to check for and replace dead bulbs . We absolutely love this tree !
 We are very happy with this purchase . The tree was easy to put together and it looks great !
 This tree is beautiful all the reviews are accurate I was a bit skeptical but was very pleasantly surprised it is extremely real looking , just enough lights not too many I highly recommend this tree and expect many years of use and oh yes I put this tree up myself after my husband brought the tree into the house yes it is a bit heavy but is very simple to assemble and take down we are very pleased .
 Great looking tree !! I took a chance based on all the positive reviews and I was n't disappointed ! -LRB- wife was happy too ! -RRB-
 This Xmas tree is a very lifelike and realistic tree and is just what we wanted for our living room ! The lights on it are beautiful and the pine cones are a great added effect . Ca n't wait to put the presents underneath !
 The tree was easy to assembly , looked full and the lights were done very well . I have gotten many compliments on the tree . I am extremely happy with the purchase .
 This Christmas tree is beautiful ! It has just the right amount of flocking and the hidden pine cones are terrific . My 2 daughters like finding them hidden in the tree . It 's a game to them . The lights are amazing and the tree is fully loaded with them.As far as setting the tree up , it was very simple . Yes , it is a little heavy but I expected that to be the case . It took all of 30 minutes , if that and I was completely finished . There were n't any bare spots after I took the time to evenly spread the branches.I must say that I am a big fan of real Christmas trees . I only went this way this year because it seemed to be simpler . In my opinion , from having years of live trees , this one does n't look real . However , that being said , I am very happy with how it does look . I do n't regret buying this tree at all . It is pretty even without the ornaments !
 My husband and I are celebrating our first Christmas together in our new home and our tree is going to be the envy of the neighborhood ! It looks so real and I love the pinecones . The lights are already placed nicely so you do n't have to worry about dealing with cords . Very easy to set up ! Get it !
 I am absolutely thrilled with my new Christmas tree . It was easy to assemble . It has a great shape and the frosted tips and pine cones added to the elegance . I received lots of compliments on how beautiful it is .
 The GKI / Bethlehem Ligh Glacier Christmas Tree is the first artificial tree that looks real and fools most of my guests . We saw the same tree at a well known hardware store for double the price . The tree is easy to assemble and even comes with a DVD that explains how to put tree together . The tree comes adorned with pinecones and snow frosted tips . It looks just like the trees we cut near Placerville , CA . It is our first artificial tree and we love it !
 GKI/Bethlehem and Amazon did it again
 Love this tree . This is the 4th year I have used it . The lights are plentiful and it 's very easy to put together . I 'm small in stature but I 'm able to assemble it every year on my own . I add a few Christmas decorations to it and it 's fabulous .
 THIS TREE IS ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS ... EASY TO PUT UP THE PINE CONES ARE ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL ON THE TREE ... I HAVE HAD PEOPLE THINK IT WAS REAL ... I WOULD RECCOMEND THIS TREE YOU WOULD LOVE IT TO THE SNOW ON IT MAKES IT LOOK JUST FANTASTIC
 Was at first a little concerned when box opened and the tree seemed * really * frosted -LRB- edging very close to tacky -RRB- , but as tree went up , and branches spread - I could see the frosting was concentrated on the tips , making the overall appearance closer to the one in the picture here . Also , at first there seemed to be a lot of space between branches , but each main branch is composed of a bunch of smaller branches that are individually wired and need to be separated from each other . Once this job is done , the tree really starts looking beautiful . Plug in the lights , and the tree goes from beautiful to spectacular .
 I bought this tree on sale after Christmas , and just set it up for the first time . I 've never had an artificial tree before so did n't quite know what to look for . It is a pretty tree -- especially in dim light and when you are at least three feet away . When you look too closely it looks very fake to me , partly because of the white flocking on the tips of the branches , and partly because the needles look like they are made of an easter grass material . It does not look like a cheap tree , but it does not look like one of the expensive trees with molded needles either . I would like the tree better without the flocking on the branch tips and pine cones . The lights look nice , good quantity and well placed . The branches hang to the ground , not leaving much room for presents .
 We had purchased this exact same tree at a local Christmas Store for $ 500.00 and then found it on Amazon for $ 300.00 cheaper !!!!!! We returned the other and ordered from Amazon . It 's absoutely the same tree and gorgeous !!! Very Happy with this item !!
 This tree is so real looking and so beautiful that everyone had to look twice to see if was an artificial tree or not . It was pretty enough without the decorations on it , with the white frosted tips and all the lights . It had realistic branches and pinecones , and was full without looking like a bush . It is the best artificial tree we have ever had !
 My mother and I toured all the usual shops , looking for a pre-lit tree
 I was able to get this tree on sale just after Christmas last year , and have just put it up for the first time . I am very happy with the tree . It has a very sturdy heavy weight construction , it was easy to assemble -LRB- though shaping the branches took quite a while - it is a very full tree with lots of branches -RRB- , and the pre-lit lights nicely spaced and working fine . In the box besides the tree were a replacement lights/fuses kit , a light string tester , and a power strip . Though I do n't think it would be worth the $ 399 list price , I am very happy with it for the price I paid . I have received nothing but compliments on it from everyone who saw it over the Thanksgiving holiday . It is a frosted tree , as others have mentioned , and has attached pinecones . I personally like this , it may seem like too much when you first assemble it , but when decorated this just gives it a little extra something and I did n't feel it was over done . I think the majority of people would be happy with this tree .
 I just received this tree and we just had to put it up to see what it looked like . I am very pleased . It is important to have a beautiful Christmas tree and this is it . I would recommend this tree to anyone who wants simple elegance without a lot of fuss.Thank you Amazon for the product and the price !
 I love this tree . It 's so beautiful and realistic looking . The white frosting is not tacky at all , the pine cones completes the tree and makes it so much more realistic . The branches do hang low to the ground , but that will make it all the more fun for my kids to have to work to get to their gifts . Also , I think maybe you could manipulate the branches so they do n't hang quite so low.The only complaint is that the tree is SO HEAVY ! My husband is currently deployed and there is NO WAY I can get it up to the attic by myself . I could probably get it down to the basement , but then the drudgery of pushing this heavy thing back up the stairs come time to put it up is daunting . Even putting the tree up alone is a little challenging and I 'm no weakling.I imagine the weight makes it more sturdy and durable , so I accept it , but it does make it difficult to store in an attic or to assemble alone . If not for the weight , I would rate this product a 5 .
 We just received ours and set it up today . After spending a lot of time `` fluffing '' it looks great . I recommend a more random arrangement than what the instructions recommend . The lights are cool to the touch so you can arrange it while lit to see the distrbution easily . It has a spectacular number of bright lights , both frosted and clear . It lights up a room all by itself . The kids are ecstatic .
 I bought this tree with the thought that we 'd put we 'd put it up next year -LRB- our other artificial tree was on its last legs -RRB- . Well , this morning , Christmas , of course , 2 of those legs broke and crashbam ! the elderly tree went horizontal . Once we cleaned up THAT little adventure , we could n't resist putting up this new tree . It is LOVELY . All the lights worked just fine and it 's incredibly easy to assemble . We did not find the frosting to be too much , and the pine cones are a really nice touch . I see this tree is currently unavailable . Hopefully it will be back in stock because it is a wonderful buy for the cost and looks terrific .
 I bought two of the Vollrath Dishers - Yellow No # 20 and Red No # 24 . I can compare them to the OXO Good Grips Trigger Ice Cream Scoop - purchased recently - and similar in design.-Both the OXO and the Vollrath cost about the same.-The OXO is of noticeable lower quality . The trigger mechanism bends easily and the spring is much weaker than the Vollarth . While the handle 's grip is nice on the OXO the overall build of the OXO is poor.-The Vollrath is made of heavier metal and stronger construction.-The Vollrath 's blade inside the scoop is stronger and does n't wiggle around . The blade swings across the entire scoop unlike the OXO . Clearly the Vollrath is better made.-The Vollrath color coded handels are nice and they are also stamped with the size -LRB- # 24 -RRB- on the metal trigger.For baking , ice cream or general use - I really like the Vollrath and will buy more of the different sizes as I need them.A + product .
 Next time will go with the size 12 -LRB- green -RRB- in the event that I buy more of these as gifts . But really no complaints , this is a great ice cream scooper .
 This is a very nice quality disher . I was hesitant to buy because of the cost , but I went by what other reviewers said . Glad I did . We use it for ice cream , and I plan to get other sizes/colors of this disher , to scoop other things too .
 The fabric is beautiful and they have taken the time to make this one of their better purchases , but then again , I love anything from this company because of the quality .
 I used to have this peeler , but it was misplaced during moving . I used it for good 4 years and it never dulled , rusted , or got out of shape . Perfect quality and materials . I am glad I found it ! Thank you , Amazon !
 I bought two of the Vollrath Dishers - Yellow No # 20 and Red No # 24 . I can compare them to the OXO Good Grips Trigger Ice Cream Scoop - purchased recently - and similar in design.-Both the OXO and the Vollrath cost about the same.-The OXO is of noticeable lower quality . The trigger mechanism bends easily and the spring is much weaker than the Vollarth . While the handle 's grip is nice on the OXO the overall build of the OXO is poor.-The Vollrath is made of heavier metal and stronger construction.-The Vollrath 's blade inside the scoop is stronger and does n't wiggle around . The blade swings across the entire scoop unlike the OXO . Clearly the Vollrath is better made.-The Vollrath color coded handels are nice and they are also stamped with the size -LRB- # 24 -RRB- on the metal trigger.For baking , ice cream or general use - I really like the Vollrath and will buy more of the different sizes as I need them.A + product .
 Next time will go with the size 12 -LRB- green -RRB- in the event that I buy more of these as gifts . But really no complaints , this is a great ice cream scooper .
 This is a very nice quality disher . I was hesitant to buy because of the cost , but I went by what other reviewers said . Glad I did . We use it for ice cream , and I plan to get other sizes/colors of this disher , to scoop other things too .
 I received this as a Christmas gift . It is very beautiful and fits me perfect , as I love martinis and mermaids . I ca n't wait to get a frame and hang it .
 One of my latest favorite , `` cant-do-without , '' kitchen gadgets is this WMF stainless steel Odor-Eater egg-shaped bar . It is easy and safe to use and wo n't harm delicate skin . Simply rub your hands with the product under warm running tap water , as if using soap , and odors are gone . No real soap is needed . Voila ! Like magic ! I never heard of this before - the interaction between 18/10 stainless steel and strong smells.Apparently , 18/10 stainless steel interacts with your skin to take away the scent of unpleasant odors such as garlic , onions or fish . No more rubbing my skin with sliced lemons , or salt , and hoping for the best , while I greet dinner guests , smelling stronger than the meal itself!Made of brushed 18/10 stainless steel , this handy oval bar measures 3 inches , and features a weighted bottom - so that it wo n't tip over on your shelf or sink top . And it is dishwasher safe too ! Very highly recommended . You 'll thank me for this!JANA
 From the moment I saw this item I had to try it . I am curious by nature and a huge skeptic of anything that I have not seen or proven for myself , so I ordered it partly for the experiment and curiousity and partly wanting the utility of it if it indeed performed.After unpacking it I was struck by the look and feel of it . It is one of those things that if you see it sitting around , you just have to pick it up . The reward for doing so is an odd simple delight . The shape and weight makes it pleasing to hold in the hand and it fits perfectly in the palm . I feel a little bit silly devoting even this many words to such a thing , but you might relate if you tried it.Next came the test . I handled onion and garlic so that my hands smelled like those of line-cook on a cruise ship . I then rubbed the egg through my hands under running water as if it were a bar of soap . I thought to myself while doing so , `` surely this ca n't work '' . Thirty seconds and a few sniffs later I had proven myself wrong - no odor on my hands whatsoever ! I do n't know or care how it works , the fact that it does is good enough for me . As an added bonus it looks great on the counter and always stands it - self up straight like one of those `` weebles people '' I knew as a child . If you have kids they might engoy tilting it on it 's side to watch it bounce straight back up -LRB- OK I admit it , I enjoy that too -RRB- .
 As the title says , the stainless steel egg odor eater does work ! The image here does n't do justice to its real beauty . Some may say that a stainless steel knife will also do the job , but there 's nothing as nice as having one of these lying near the sink . It really attracts attention and many people ask what it is and where can they get it .
 You need to try it to believe it . They are so good that I bought one foreach of my children 's homes as they all cook . No more smelly hands fromonions or garlic.Stainless egg-shaped odor eater is the best !
 I have not tried this myself . But , I have a friend who frequently chops onion & garlic . She was asking if anyone knew how to get the smell of your skin . I sent this to her as a surprise gift , and she happily reported that it worked :-RRB- I plan on buying one for myself .
 Bought one for myself and one for my mom - we both love it ! Might be too thin for those of you who experience colder winter months , but it would be great for your spring/summers . Us southeners can enjoy it year-round . Bought two kings for queen beds with pillowtops - they hit a few inches below the top of the dust ruffle - a perfect fit ! It also fits perfectly in a king duvet cover , since the white will get dirty quick , although you can wash this down comforter . Amazon offers great products at amazing prices . They also have outstanding customer service .
 We bought this to fill a duvet cover for summer . It 's light weight , as we needed , and serves its purpose , considering the price and quality . Other similar light weight comforters in the marketplace cost 4 + times this one . No sales tax & no shipping -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- help make this a good deal .
 The comforter is not lofty , but does `` fluff up '' nicely . It 's lightweight , but do n't let that fool you ... it will keep you warm . I gave it 4 stars only because the loft is low , but it really does n't affect the warmth of the product . Great for a guest room . Buy it !
 The only thing I was disappointed in , was I was hoping that it would have been a little bit bigger . I am using it in a duvet and it does n't quite fit , but I do like it . They are great , I will probably get more .
 This comforter is ok for the price.its nto 100 % down , so expect some mix.but overall , nice to have a extra , maybe in the guestroom or so.Overall satisfied .
 I bought this to replace my broken `` simple human '' trash can , which broke after less than a year due to use of plastic parts in the mechanism . The cans are very similar , in size and function , but this one is much more sturdy because it is made from metal instead of plastic . The size is perfect for bathrooms . It has a plastic insert in the can so it is easy to empty . You should get it , you will like it .
 Ca n't go wrong for this price , I mean you 're getting a metal step can for this price . The only drawback is its size , but it worked great for what I needed it for .
 This is a very affordable product with a very sleek look , and I 've been very happy with it . I actually have two of these . My partner and I started using the one we had as a trash can solely for used cat litter , so we got a second one to use for any other bathroom trash . A normal plastic takeout bag fits perfectly as a liner . The only thing I would change is to give it a little more weight towards the bottom of the can so that stepping on the pedal would n't make an empty can tilt .
 We got this for throwing away baby wipes by our first floor changing table -LRB- we are using cloth diapers so we just have wipes to throw away -RRB- and it works great . The lid keeps all the trash out of sight and any little smells suppressed.It looks like its fairly well made . I do n't expect any issues with it.We bought the white one , for what its worth.Keep in mind this thing is pretty small . That is what we wanted though .
 I thought the can was going to be bigger but I 'm still using it , the delivery was fast
 This product is lovely and worth the price . The description and care is briefly stated in the product info.The shipper did include a paper with the care info , however I bought 2 panels for 2 different gifts and only had 1 care sheet , a slip attached to each would have been nice so these did not look like regifted items . I would like to see it shipped more securely .
 What can be said about vacuum bags ? As long as they hold the dirt and filter the air coming out of the backside of the VC , they 're doing what they were designed to do . I wish they would package them in 10 packs . That would be a better value in my estimation .
 I was pleased with the service on my original order . It was quick and delivered the right product . I thought the shipping was a bit high and wrote that in my first review . I was very impressed when the company contacted me and apologized for the shipping rate . Then they went even further and shipped me a second set of bags ! I was amazed !
 My husband wanted one of these to keep his coffee and cocoa warm while working in his shop . I decided to order 2 so I could have one . I use this every day . I love it . It 's simple , it 's small -- stays in a little corner of my counter and it works great . The price was perfect too .
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend for christmas . He is always drinking coffee but just sits it on the table and it gets cold . He uses this every time he drinks coffee or tea ! He says it works great and is hot the whole time he is drinking it ! It looks great and works perfectly . Great deal too others are pricey !!
 I used to get so aggravated with warming my tea over and over again , and I was looking for something that would keep my tea warm . This thing did the trick ! It works VERY well . While it 's not piping hot , it still keeps it at a pretty hot temp as long as I place my mug on it shortly after it 's initial heating . One thing that 's particularly interesting is that if there is only a little tea left in my cup , and it 's been sitting on this thing , the little bit of tea gets VERY hot as a result . I 'm so glad I invested in this thingy .
 Great item , keeps my coffee warm throughout the work day . I do wish there was an automatic shut off after so long , though because I get paranoid about that kind of thing .
 I 've had it for over 1 year now , using it daily , and it 's performed very well ! Here is the deal with temperatures . If you place a hot cup of tea/coffee on it , it keeps it hot ! Not the burn your tongue hot . As you drink , the cup becomes less full , and actually heats the contents more . Also , I 've placed a half full cup of cold coffee on it , and it heated it up to a nice warm temperature within a few minutes . The heating plate will accommodate larger coffee mugs .
 Love it ~ even it 's a late review . Recommended by my coworker -- I am glad that I bought it about two years ago . Now I do n't need to drink cold coffee or tea any more ~ still works perfectly for me !
 I am very happy to now be able to have warm coffee while I read the papper in the AM without having to gulp it down or trying to `` get-it-right '' by constantly adding more hot coffee to my cup . The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer keeps my coffee just right - not too hot nor too cold . Note
 This is my first coffee warmer , and I like it . It keeps the coffee pretty warm -LRB- it wo n't burn your tongue , but it 's pretty warm -RRB- . Out of curiosity , I set yesterday 's cold coffee on the warmer and it managed to warm the cold coffee.BTW , this coffee warmer will keep a bowl of soup warm as well .
 I 've had this since November 2010 when the heat was broken in my house , and this managed to keep my tea warm all day . While it keeps the tea at the perfect drinking temperature , I 've also had it warm up a room temperature cup . I 've accidentally turned it off , and I 've had it rewarm the tea . It does n't do that fast like a microwave , but it will eventually make it drinkable . It is probably on a good 5 hours a day , and it 's just great . I should order a spare at some point just in case .
 I would be lost without my coffee mug warmer . I hate to get hot coffee and in 10 minutes it is cold . This warmer does the trick and keeps the mug hot .
 Every USB-powered cup warmer I used with my computer was a total waste . But this one -LRB- it plugs directly into an outlet -RRB- not only keeps the cup warm , it keeps it downright HOT . Fully deserving of five stars .
 This works okay if you do n't place your coffee on it until it has warmed up . I like my tea very hot , so it 's fine , but not great .
 I purchased four of these for the office and we all are enjoying them very much . I recommend them for any busy office.Not only do we recommend it for warming your drinks but , you can sit a scented wax on there and the office smells great too !
 I am really pleased with my coffee mug warmer . Love the fact that it has an on/off switch which my first one does not .
 I 've had this item for a couple months now . It does what it says it 'll do ... keeps your drinks warm . Although I wish it would get a bit hotter . It 's sufficient .
 i was concerned that this product might not be what i need for my parents-in-laws for christmas , but all doubt was wipe aside when i received this product . it was brand new and i know they will love using this over and over as they drink coffee ALL DAY long
 I bought this as a gift for the retired lady that has &#34; everything &#34; . She is a big coffee drinker through the day but has to keep reheating her coffee in the microwave . This will work perfectly .
 I was so glad when it arrived . : - -RRB- I use it constantly , right here on my desk at home.It keeps the coffee just warm enough , until refill is needed .
 I wanted something to keep my cup of coffee warm so I did n't have to hurry and drink it . This fit the bill perfectly . Keeps it hot but not too hot that you ca n't drink . Like that it has the &#34; on &#34; light so you do n't forget to shut it off .
 It works well . Now I can always drink warm water that I feel much better in the cold weather . But of cause you should put warm or hot drink on it .
 I bought this as an ` early Christmas gift ' for my wife , whose coffee warmer had finally died . She loves it .
 If your mate requires an ever present cup of hot coffee , buy three or four of these and put them all around the house . However , you will want a lid on the cup to truly keep the beverage hot .
 I use this everyday at work to keep my coffee warm . The mug warmer will keep the coffee at the perfect temperature for drinking . It does not overheat the coffee , so it wo n't burn your mouth if you let it sit on the warmer for too long . The mug warmer allows me to enjoy my coffee longer in the mornings without having to worry its going to get too cold . I 'm very glad I purchased this item .
 I have not use it yet . But I really do like the fuctions and the way it look likes ! Thanks
 This product is so awesome it keep my coffee warm . My office is always cold so my coffee gets cold really fast . I totally recommend this product .
 I bought this warmer for my husband and he liked it so much I decided to try it out myself . I like to have one to two cups of coffee at work . I was finding myself either having to drink cold coffee -LRB- getting distracted with work I 'd neglect my cup -RRB- or make trips to the microwave to re-warm . Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer has eliminated that problem!First thing upon arrival at work I turn the warmer on . I then go make my first cup . I also have ceramic mugs , which is key to this warmer working its best . I do n't think plastic or rubber based mugs would work as well , if at all . My husband reports that since switching to a ceramic mug he too has found this warmer way more effective and been much happier with it . My coffee is placed on the warmer piping hot and the warmer is usually getting pretty toasty by the time I 've made my first cup and settled in . The warmer does n't keep the coffee steaming hot , but it really shines at keeping my half drunk cup nice and warm for an extended amount of time . It also does n't ruin the coffee by being too hot.The warmer itself gets pretty hot , which is to be expected . You need to be careful not to touch the warmer when it 's on . I 'm not sure it would cause a bad burn , but it certainly would sting and not feel so good . I would n't recommend having or using one of these where you might accidentally knock your hand into it easily , or with kids around.For the price , this warmer is totally worth it . I can now sip my coffee at my leisure without it being stone cold by the end .
 Very simple design that works as advertised . I really wish it had a say 2 hour automatic cutoff as it is just one more thing to turn off . Would be five star with cut off . I have owned several others that are less value than this guy .
 Excellent product , keeps my coffee and teas warm all day long , perfect for the bedside when you 're not feeling well and do n't want to get up all the time to reheat . I love it
 Wont heat your beverage or make them hot , but will keep it warm for much longer then without . Us it everyday at the office , and it has saved me from having to make the trip to the kitchen to reheat my cup .
 It definitely heats . I think what 's key is having the right mug to use , where the bottom of it is as close to the bottom of it as possible -LRB- you 'll understand what I mean if you look at the bottom of your mug -RRB- . I like the product , but be careful not to touch the heated part for more than a couple seconds or you 'll burn yourself !
 Great by my desk , takes up little space . It keeps my tea perfectly hot and accessible.Good price , dependable name .
 I bought this item and have been really happy with it ! Having my coffee become lukewarm was a real pet peeve , but no more ! Every sip is now just the perfect temperature ... not hot enough to burn my tongue , but definitely hot , not warm . A caution ... if you forget to put your cup on the warmer and your drink does cool down , the warmer is not hot enough to heat it up.Mr . Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer
 Spent a fortune on a Brookstone coffee warmer and it lasted 3 months . This one is better and 1/3 the price .
 As a person who 's more often than not completely forgot about his coffee while staring at his computer screen , this little $ 10 item is like a gift from Heaven!Half an hour later , my coffee is still warm . An hour ? Yep , still warm.If you often forget about your morning coffee only to turn back to it and discover that it 's cold , then this little gem is something that you are definitely going to want . Do n't wait , buy it now ; you will not be disappointed .
 I bought Mr Coffee mug warmer after reading all the negative reviews , realizing that my 8 bucks are at great risk . After the first try I can testify that the warmer does its job - it warms . The working surface it pretty hot , almost like a flat iron , so we can not blame the device if our coffee is not hot enough . Blame the mug . Regular clay or ceramic mugs do not conduct heat well enough so only the bottom part of them is really hot . Use a steel mug and you will see the difference . After all it is hust a warmer , not a cooking stove . Want it boiling ? Buy a kilowatt stove with open spiral . Good for making eggs and bacon too .
 I 'm only writing this review because of one reason.The LED -LRB- Light -RRB- is on the back and ca n't be seen if a mug is there so I am unaware that I have left it on which seems like a fire hazard . -LRB- Although it 's probably safe -RRB- Put the light on the front so I can see it is still on and this item will be perfect.Otherwise , it keeps tea nice and warm all day at about 120 degrees F which is perfect to me.Hotter and you might risk throat cancer anyhow.Try one !
 This warmer was such a bargain and does exactly what I want it to do ... keeps my cup or mug of coffee warm beside me as I work on my computer . I only gave it four stars because its surface seems uneven ... my cups/mugs all rock a bit when sitting on it , and it 's wearing along one edge . But that does n't seem to affect its performance !
 I work in IT and constantly get distracted with phone calls or people stopping in my office to talk about server related items . I got tired of having to microwave my coffee 3-4 times a morning . As long as you turn this puppy on before you make your coffee it will keep it at a constant warm temp for a while . It does n't keep it piping hot , but keeps it warm enough , and obviously it gets warmer the lesser amount of coffee you have in your mug . Would highly recommend for people who like to sip their coffee over a 2-3 hour period .
 I was worried by some of the reviews that this would n't quite work well enough . I have found the opposite to the be the case . This keeps my coffee and tea at a temp that definitely hot but still drinkable . I did switch out from using a tapered base cup to one that was wider at the bottom based off some of the reviews , so I ca n't say how well it would have worked with my old cup , but it does a fine job with the new one .
 Does the job of keeping hot beverages warm if they start out hot to begin with . I keep several of these all over the house , by my computer , next to the bed , etc. . If you have a really huge mug base , it may not fit on the heated pad . There is an on/off switch , and if you forget to turn it off , it does n't turn itself off . I also have an older different brand that 's no longer available that turns itself off if the mug is lifted off the base , which is a much better idea , but unfortunately Mr. Coffee mug warmers do n't do that , though they should . But all in all , this does what you need it to do , especially if you are someone who wanders away from your coffee or tea , and wants to come back to find it still hot .
 Love it ... . Now I can enjoy my entire cup of tea or coffee and take my time ... Hot to the last drop !
 The plate takes a few minutes to get to the hot point but it keeps my mug nice and toasty . I love it !
 Inexpensive and works well . Now , if it could only remember to turn itself off when I forget , or to warn me that it 's still hot . ; -RRB-
 This little guy is great . Keeps my coffee and tea warm taking up minimal space on my desk and looks good in black .
 The key to keeping your beverage hot -LRB- after you first make it hot , and place it on the surface -RRB- , is to have a LID on the coffee mug . I found coffee cups with lids at the World Market -LRB- ala Cost Plus -RRB- in Carlsbad , CA . the kind the Chinese use formally , only 5 bucks . I think if someone starts making coffee mugs with lids -LRB- and perhaps a lid lifter like they use on beer steins -RRB- , it would sell well . My beverages stay way hot all day on the platform , as long as I 'm using a ceramic lid . Thats the key folks , use a lid at least and the heat will stay in and it gets hotter as the liquid in your cup gets lower . Keeps my coworkers warmer , so hopefully less flu 's go around .
 For the price , I purchased two . This was in case one broke . I 've used Mr. Coffee products in the past and while reasonably priced , they do n't last as long as I like . That said , I 've had this one for close to six months and it still works fine . My coffee or tea stays warm as does the mug -- not too warm though.Clean up is easy . My only complaint is I wish the on/off switch was n't in top . I 've had a couple of spills . I wipe it up , but I have no doubt some liquid seeps in . That ca n't be good . I think it would be better if the switch was on the side . Even so , for the price , it 's a nice product to have .
 All these warmers are about the same excepting for features like available heated surface area , power switch placement , aesthetics , length of cord , weight/stability and last not least , delivered price . I 'll skip the listed features . They 've already been hashed here.None of these features add to or detract from the ability to keep a drink warm . Warm is a relative term ; I prefer my coffee much warmer than warm . Others might sue the warmer manufacturer . Remember the infamous McDonalds ` hot coffee caused me burns ' case?Down to business . I compared a $ 9.99 Rival to a similarly priced Mr. Coffee . These two were compared , side by side , with Norpro 's twenty-five buck -LRB- incl . tax plus s/h -RRB- ` Cozy Cup Warmer ' . Each was plugged into a separate kitchen circuit , turned on and allowed to warm up with nothing placed on the heated surface . I resorted to my Ohm-meter with built in non-contact digital thermometer . The non-contact instrument is able to laser-point a target ; the closer the instrument to the target , the smaller the measurable area . Here 's my take : - The Rival warmed up the quickest . Next was Mr. Coffee , followed by Coffee Warmer.After five minutes of being switched on , all three measured a surface temperature of about 215F . I measured multiple times and obtained differing readings . This was puzzling . Then , I discovered that variance in temp readings was caused by my inconsistent aiming of the laser ; actually , different spots on the hot plate -LRB- about 1 in . . diameter -RRB- yielded different readings that varied by more than 40F ! That is , in no instance was the plate uniformly hot . The plate , in effect , had cold spots , relatively speaking . Hey , what more would one expect for ten bucks.-Each of the three are rated at 20W , 17W and 24W respectively . Wattage rating had no bearing on surface temperature , probably due to design considerations beyond my bird-brain . . Conclusion : - Cheaper , in this case , is better unless your mug has an especially wide base - in which case ` Cozy Cup Warmer ' , even at double the price , is the way to go.-If dissatisfied with the drink temperature , locate the hot area on the warmer while also experimenting with different , flat-bottomed mugs.A good way to locate hot-spot areas is to warm the plate , unplug it , turn it over and feel out residual heat radiating from the base - avoiding the metal screw in the bottom center.Being UL -LRB- Underwriters Laboratory -RRB- listed I 'd guess manufacturers are limited to guidelines that eventually cause consumers some discomfort . Again , quality control issues and different production runs may contribute to differing consumer experience of the same product .
 I like to make a cup of tea when I get to work but it tends to get cold before I finish it . This coffee warmer has been a perfect solution !
 so far this is the best . Please do n't expect this heater can heat up your coffee , this is only keep your coffee warm and stay the temperature around 60 to 70 degree .
 We were unable to find a mug warmer locally . Fortunately , we got a good price through Amazon . There are lots of cheaper ones out there , but they require a USB connection for power . The Mr. Coffee is nothing fancy , but it does just what we needed -- keep a cup a coffee warm through my wife 's wake-up free cell games in the morning .
 I have liked this product so much that I have three of them ... I fill a glass container with some smell good pine sol AND my whole home/work place is filled with the scent of clean -LRB- we have cats and no one is the wiser as they can not be smelled at all -RRB- . I am thinking of ordering another one of these in a few weeks , thanks for asking!Paula Jo Carr
 This was purchased for my mother-in-law and she loves it . Keeps her tea and hot coco warm for her as she sits in her recliner and reads or watches TV .
 If you 're looking for something to keep your mug warm , this does the trick . Other reviewers have noted that this wo n't warm up a cold beverage , and that 's true , but it 's not intended to . If you start off with a hot mug of tea , it stays hot on this .
 HOT HOT HOT is what you get with this drink warmer , not too hot not too cold just rite at a great price , fast shipping too . Enjoy !!!
 This coffee warmer works fine . Not quite as hot as I would like it , but warm enough . I assume it is risk of fire that keeps it at its current temperature . ~ mike
 For the price it is quite a value . I miss the on/off button as it is easier than holding the warmer and then pushing the -LRB- what shall i call it ? -RRB- on/off lever one way or the other.As other reviewers have noted , it does keep my hot coffee hot.It arrived quickly and well-protected .
 I think this warmer is just perfect if you can find a mug that will let the heat through to the coffee . I have all kinds of mis-matched mugs and in the eight months I 've had this warmer , I have discovered that the thickness of the mug and the width of the bottom have a huge affect on the temperature of the coffee . My thinnest , straight-sided mug has the warmest coffee on the warmer -LRB- and coldest off ! -RRB- With the thin , wide mugs , I can put a cold cup on the warmer and it will warm up to a perfect drinking temperature in a very reasonable amount of time . I have one mug that is really thick and has a narrow bottom and it does not work well at all . I 'm using a thin mug right now , my coffee is sitting in an air conditioner draft , and is still nice and warm .
 I love having my coffee -LRB- or tea -RRB- hot instead of cold when I take a sip ! I love this , I use it at the office !
 I use this product to drink one cup of tea or coffee while the other cup stays warm in my nice comfortable bed . I have really enjoyed this in morning for coffee and evening for my tea . Wonderful product . DD
 Having search everywhere in Ontario Canada and New Jersey , I was unable to find a coffee warmer in any store . I found this one on line and for the 1st time order something on line . The entire process was very simple , and I received the product within days.It works great and does what was it was supposed to do -LRB- keep my coffee warm -RRB- . Hightly recommended .
 I 'm giving it 5 stars because it pretty much does exactly what I expect it to . As others have said , it wo n't make a cold cup of coffee hot , but it will keep a hot cup of coffee hot , down to the last sip . Get some sort of cover for your mug , too . It 'll make all the difference in the world . I use one of those clear protector cd 's from a spindle pack of blank cd 's . Works like a charm . All in all , this unit works well , especially if you have a metal ` Alcatraz ' mug like I do and especially if you use some sort of mug lid or cover .
 I have really been enjoying my mug warmer , my tea does n't get cold any more now that I have this . I wish I would have bought one a long time ago .
 I now have 3 of the Mr. Coffee coffee mug warmers . They all work as promised and none have broken down in the 3 years I have owned the first one . The only complaint I have is that I would prefer to have the temperature higher than the device currently is designed for -- `` hot '' rather than `` warm . ''
 I work in my home office upstairs , and I need my coffee in the morning . But after 15 minutes of me concentrating on my work , and then taking a sip of my coffee , I was disappointed because it was not hot anymore . So I bought this Mr. Coffee mug warmer , and it keeps my coffee at the perfect drinking temperature . My work productivity is up 35 % since I got this !!!
 I do n't want to spend too much time writing about a beverage warmer so I 'll keep this short and to the point . This is a great way to keep your beverage within a range from warm to hot . This product does NOT turn a cold drink to hot , in fact the instructions state , `` This product is designed to keep a cup of hot coffee , soup or other beverage at perfect drinking temperature . It is not intended to heat a cold drink , only maintain an ideal drinking temperature . `` This product does exactly that .
 I like my coffee hot , all day long . I bought this coffee warmer over a year ago . It 's wonderful . If you sit a desk and you are busy buy this coffee warmer . Your coffee will be as good and as hot at 2:00 pm as it was at 8:00 am .
 ... meaning not too hot not too cold - mfg. knows what they 're doing in the design ... not the self-appointed `` critic geniuses '' spouting off left and right here . . Yes , put a coaster or lid atop your mug to retain even more heat if you need it warmer -LRB- will also lessen evaporation -RRB- ... just common sense ... lol ! The diameter of the heated surface is apporoximately 3 and 7/16ths of an inch so it will accomodate a mug that 's medium large in size -LRB- a little bigger than average -RRB- .
 Those who like your coffee or tea HOT and think this product will keep it hot , please do n't buy this . What you 're looking for is a mini hot plate , not a mug warmer . This product does what it says it would do , it 'll keep a mug and it 's contents WARM , not hot.I originally bought this to melt my pillar candles in the glass jars . It does but it took about 6 hours to melt a 21oz candle and be able to let off a scent without burning the wick . If you 're buying this product for the same purpose , I suggest to boil some water and and melt the candle prior to putting it on the warmer as it will speed up the process and save electricity . It might be better to use a shorter candle as well so it does n't take too long to melt.As a beverage warmer , it is correct to say the more surface area the mug has contact on the warmer , the warmer it will keep the beverage . If your mug has a `` foot '' , it would be tepid warm at best . If it 's flat , and I mean completely flat and touching the warmer , then it 'll keep warm . The material matters as well . I have n't tried a lot of different ones yet , but just applying chemistry you should know that some objects have a higher specific heat capacity than others . The lower specific heat , the easier it is to heat up.Now , here comes some science for those who are interested ... Specific heat capacity of : Ceramic ~ 1090 J/kgKAluminum ~ 900 J/kgKGlass ~ 840 J/kgKCopper ~ 390 J/kgKGold ~ 130 J/kgKAssuming most people do n't drink out of copper or gold cups , I 'll compare the 2 common ones , glass and ceramic . In theory , if you have a glass cup it will be a bit warmer to touch -LRB- as long as there 's a heat source -RRB- than the ceramic cup . But once you take the cup off of the warmer , the glass cup would cool faster than the ceramic mug because glass ca n't retain heat as well as ceramic . Coffee and tea are close to liquid water so the specific heat is 4184 J/kgK . It can retain heat but it would take a lot of energy to heat it back up . If you want to heat it up , it may take hours on this warmer . I 'm just taking a scientific guess based on what I know from chemistry . If it 's wrong , please feel free to leave a comment and I 'll edit as needed . = -RRB-
 This warmer does a good job of keeping your beverage hot . But your mug does make a difference . All mugs you buy have the raised ring on the bottom so the entire bottom does not touch the warming plate . You need to look around for a ceramic mug like the ones that are made by hand with a completely flat bottom . You can find them on line . Also the bigger mugs do n't work well either . I use an 16 oz . Mug . It 's bulb shaped . Wide at the bottom then narrows at the top . I have several that I bought at local craft fairs . It keeps my coffee at a drinkable temp . for hours . Covering the top helps too but I do n't need to do that .
 I bought this Mr Coffee Mug Warmer a few weeks ago and am so pleased with it that I felt I needed to write a review , mostly to complement the people who designed and manufactured it . This product was well thought out and manufactured very well , especially for a product costing only about $ 10 . It has an on/off switch right on the base and a power on light right next to it . I would not want one with an in-line power switch . The unit is sturdy and feels good quality . The power cord is heavy and plenty long , as needed for most desktop situations . I have used it with a number of different cups , all having a small ridge around the bottom , and they all work equally well . The coffee stays at just the right temperature , and the cup does n't get uncomfortably hot . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good cup warmer . Good job Mr Coffee .
 As with everything , I went on a search of all mug warmers in the universe before buying this one . I found a universal complaint of ALL mug warmer reviewers -LRB- of any brand -RRB- was `` does n't get hot enough '' -LRB- especially the USB models -RRB- . I think the manufacturers walk a thin line between `` does n't get hot enough '' and setting the house on fire.Initially , I tried putting a cold cup of coffee upon my new Mr. Coffee and was disappointed in the warmer 's ability to heat up an already cold cup of coffee . -LRB- tried both metal and ceramic mug -RRB- The good news is that if you put a fresh hot cup of coffee right from the coffee maker onto the `` burner '' that it does a pretty good job in keeping it hot from that point . I review this as satisfactory performance and give extra credit for its slim and sleek design .
 I bought my Mr. Coffee mug warmer locally at a store . I was n't expecting much out of it because of the reviews about it here on Amazon , but hey it was really cheap , under ten bucks . I was pleasantly surprised at how it kept my cup of tea consistently very warm throughout the day while I 'm at work . This is how hot the heating plate can get
 I 've had it for several months now , using it daily , and it 's performed very well ! Here is the deal with temperatures . If you place a hot cup of tea/coffee on it , it keeps it hot ! Not the burn your tongue hot . As you drink , the cup becomes less full , and actually heats the contents more . Also , I 've placed a half full cup of cold coffee on it , and it heated it up to a nice warm temperature within a few minutes . The heating plate will accommodate larger coffee mugs . The only disadvantage I 've noticed with it is the counter gets rather warm were it is placed , so keep flammables and paper away to be safe . Also it does not have a auto shutoff that I 'm aware of , however I have it plugged into a power box with motion control , so if I leave my desk for a long period it will shut off . I also try to make sure the bottom of my mug is dry before setting the cup down on it , to keep the heating plate clean . So if your like me and like sipping on tea or coffee at the office , with out going to refill for a hot cup every time your liquids get cold , then you 'll be happy with this warmer .
 A lot of reviewers have stated that this hot plate does not get warm enough to keep your coffee hot . I disagree , but also think I know why they are having that experience . How well this warmer works is extremely sensitive to the shape of your coffee mug , in particular the way that the bottom is . I did some controlled experiments to determine how much heat this warmer puts into a liquid in a cup and found as much as 30 degrees of variation between different mugs of the same or similar material.The bottom line , is that any hotplate style coffee warmer depends on maximum surface area contact with the bottom of your mug . If you have a mug that is broad and flat at the bottom , filling the heating surface of the warmer , it will work great . If you mug is very narrow at the bottom or arches up so that only the edge is touching , the heater can not be as effective.You should either buy a different mug , or forego this energy wasting method altogether , in favor of a well insulated stainless steel vacuum mug like the ones from Contigo . Personally , I like the taste of coffee best out of a real mug , so I continue to use this warmer , just with a broad based mug .
 I do n't know why so many people have trouble with this item . My mother-in-law gave this to me well over a month ago and I think it 's the greatest thing since TIVO . The key is to use a regular size cup with a flat bottom -LRB- not the ginormous ceramic cups that are more like SOUP bowls and only have a tiny bottom -RRB- , and to put it on the warmer as soon as you pour the coffee into the cup . It WILL keep it not just warm , but HOT . It is 3:30 in the afternoon right now and I am still sipping on a HOT cup of coffee that I poured at 8:00 this morning . The lower the liquid gets , the hotter it gets , so be careful . I 've also found that putting a piece of paper over the cup -LRB- like a piece of junk mail or an old CD case -- without the CD inside , of course -RRB- will infinitely increase the heat factor , though it 's not too safe and really is n't necessary -LRB- I 've done it a few times when the dogs were shedding and my husband wanted the ceiling fans on - did n't want dog hair in my cup , so I covered it ... and it was so hot I burned my tongue . -RRB- Regardless , this item -LRB- the Mr. Coffee Mug * WARMER * -RRB- is not meant to heat up cold liquids ; that 's what microwaves were invented for . This is a great product when used properly and at the very least , it does what it was intended to do
 We 've been looking for a cup-warmer that would actually work ... the usb-powered type just did n't have enough power , so we returned them to the local store . What really won this particular model is the fact that someone wrote in their review of this product , '' ... a drop of water on it sizzles . '' So we gave it a try ; sure enough , a drop of water on it sizzles , the coffee stays warm , and we 're happy we got it . It works best with flat-bottomed glass / ceramic cups , but it will also do something for cups / mugs that have a ridge around the bottom edge . It will work for an 8 - to 14-oz . mug , but it works best with the 8-oz . All that being said , here are a couple of satisfied customers who recommend the product we just acquired .
 This product is perfect . It does exactly what it claims to do ... keeps your beverage warm . It wo n't be boiling hot , but it will be at a drinkable temperature until you are done . The chord is long enough and gives a decent range of use . I like to sip the same cup of coffee for hours while I am working , reading or studying and now I never have to microwave it again . I have noticed that it does n't do as good of a job when the mug is full , but the end of the cup will be quite hot . Well worth the price .
 I was wary about getting this as I kept seeing people say that it only keeps things lukewarm and I prefer my coffee/tea just shy of scalding . However , this product is my new best friend . As long as you start with a cup of something HOT it will stay that way - especially when your drink gets near the bottom . Sometimes if i start with a cup that is n't pipping hot , I just put an old CD case over the top and it will heat up a little more , but its not as good as when you start with something hot . Also , I found if you turn it right before you go fix your coffee , its starts keeping the heat quicker/better . All in all , great product when used as it was created for - maintaining heat , not as a hot plate .
 I have this at my desk as I work in IT and I am always getting pulled away to put out the latest fire , and when I return my coffee is still nice and toasty . Its a simple product but it does what is says it does .
 I 've been using the Mr. Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer for a couple of days now . The mugs I use are standard heavy ceramic , have a diameter of 8.5 cm -LRB- 3-3/8 '' -RRB- , and the bases are concave . The warmer keeps the coffee warm , but not hot , and it 's a good idea to preheat the warmer for a minute or two before you pour the hot coffee into the mug . -LRB- I assume that in a flat bottomed mug the coffee would be hotter . -RRB- Btw , if your mugs are at all larger in diameter than mine -LRB- 8.5 cm -RRB- they will not fit in the warmer . All-in-all I 'm glad I invested in the two I bought.Pros
 I purchased two of these mug warmers . I keep one at work and the other at home . I find I enjoy my coffee drinking experience much more because of these warmers . They keep the coffee hot much longer and I do n't feel like I have to gulp my coffee down before I 'm ready , in order to enjoy it while it is still hot.I have found that the warmer works better with my coffee mugs which have a larger base , probably because they have more surface area in contact with the warmer . The larger based mugs stay perfectly hot . The smaller based coffee cup stays warm longer , but does n't stay quite as hot as I would like , which is why I am rating this with four stars instead of five . I would definitely buy these again !
 So , how obsessed are we ? I guess I 'm not the only one that spends an inordinate amount of time researching the purchase of something as simple as a mug warmer!Like a lot of the other reviewers , I spent quite a bit of time looking around on the web -- and here on Amazon -- for the best mug warmer to replace the one that I recently sent to the `` round file '' . I 'm in the income tax preparation business , so I must have a constant supply of my `` life 's blood '' - coffee - at my side while I do battle with the tax agencies on my clients ' behalf.Quite a number of reviewers commented that they felt the warmer did n't keep the coffee warm enough . I do n't agree . It keeps my coffee warm and , in fact gets a bit too warm as the volume in the cup gets low . I guess I 'm not drinking it fast enough!The one thing I would like as an improvement , though , is a sensor and thermostat that would turn off the warmer after a set time , or if there is no cup sitting on it.But , all in all ... a good product at a good price . And , as always , Amazon 's great customer service makes buying from or through them a reassuring experience.Buy this warmer with confidence and enjoy that cup o ' joe !
 I bought 3 for work and home and I love it !!! It keeps my beverage warm , not blistering hot or cool . The days are very cold and it 's joy to have warm coffee waiting for me when I get time to drink it.If you drink a lot of hot beverages , this is the product for you especially in the winter time .
 This coffee warmer works as expected . It gets warm enough to keep the coffee in a standard coffee mug warm , but not too hot that it would worry you to accidentally leave it on .
 It keeps my coffee hot for hours , I love it ! I wish there was a battery operated version so it does n't hog up an outlet , but other than that it 's great . Oh but be careful not to touch it cuz it WILL burn you !
 Ive always been a slow coffee drinker and this keeps my coffee warm for hours ! And if my cup has a lid itll keep my coffee at pretty much the same temperature as it was when I poured it !
 Just what I needed since I drink my coffee really slow and with this cup warmer it keeps my coffee warm to the last drop .
 Works good . Would like it to be hotter because it doesnt seem to keep my tea real hot but than I touch the top and OUCH so maybe they should make a mug that goes with this that will conduct the heat better . What I 'd like to see . Great item for the price though .
 I use this for about eight hours a day every day and it has worked great ever since day one .
 It keeps my coffee warm but of course if you put cream or milk in your coffee be aware it will build up &#34; scum &#34; on the top . That 's my only complaint but it 's not a fault of the warming function just a fault of the user ... who likes 1 cup of milk with her 1 cup of coffee : - -RRB-
 My husband wanted something that would just keep his coffee warm and not take up a lot of space in on the drafting table in his office . This product is perfect ; works well , is small , good price and quick delivery .
 Simple to use and works like a dream . I 'd recommend this to anyone who wanted to purchase a mug warmer !
 This coffee warmer is great . It does what it should . Keeps my coffee or tea at a great drinking temp , although it can tend to be too hot for me as I drink it slowly and with the beverage sitting on the warmer so long it will get hotter . I still love it as I enjoy having warm to hot beverage beside me when watching TV or reading .
 I had my doubts that this would work because I 've always heard mixed reviews for stuff like this but I love this . I get my coffee and it stays warm in a mug for hours . Even if the coffee gets cold it warms it up to a drinkable temperature . Would definitely recommend this for anyone with a desk job .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for someone and they said they love it ! It keeps their hot tea good and warm all day long while they are at work !
 Love the coffee warmer ! Only wish the on/off switch were in the front rather than in the back . And I wish there was a 1 hour auto off button .
 I received this today and immediately put it to use as my coffee had gotten cold . I reheated my coffee -LRB- a decision I made after reading other reviews before purchase -RRB- to a drinkable warm - a bit above luke warm . I am using a Mr. Coffee decorative -LRB- white with black flowers -RRB- ceramic mug , approximately 5 inches tall with a smaller base than rim . It has a removable plastic round top with a rubber stopper underneath and a twist closure to open and close a drink opening on top . Even leaving the top twisted open my coffee warmed to hotter than the original temperature and heated above that as I drank it . I also appreciate the long cord - approximately 36 &#34; . The only possible con that I see is that after an hour of use the wooden table that it 's sitting on is warm -LRB- not hot -RRB- directly underneath the warmer , so I may or may not opt to put something underneath of it in the future.I 'm reviewing this item because I was a little apprehensive before I ordered because of some of the more negative reviews . I do n't know if it would heat a cup of coffee to hot from cold , but I do n't believe that is what this is designed for and I would n't expect it to . It did , however , keep my coffee at a perfect drinking temperature for me .
 I love this Mug Warmer ! It has saved my coffee many times and it comes in a beautiful shiny black color . I am a breastfeeding mom and are sometimes stuck sitting on my sofa with a baby . I would much rather sip my coffee than chug . This makes it so I do n't wake my baby while standing to microwave my coffee ! It does n't make your drink scorching hot , so you are just gon na have to either drink your coffee faster or get up and heated up . A word of advice though , do not touch the burner because it is hot !
 This was a gift for my mom the tea drinker and she loves it alot and it arrived promptly before Christmas .
 I like to sip my coffee and drink it over long periods -LRB- 30 min to an hour -RRB- , and this product works great to keep it warm . A normal cup of coffee sits perfectly inside of it , larger cups may sit askew . It is super easy to use and clean , very useful and a great value !
 Overall a good value for the price . This is a great solution to cold coffee and tea at the office . It does n't get 5 stars because it does n't have an auto shut off , I did have one instance of baked on tea when I forgot to turn it off .
 Sometimes it takes me forever to get to my coffee , and by then it 's cold . Cold coffee sucks ! So I microwave it 3-4 times a morning and it progressively tastes worse and worse . Well I tell you
 It keeps drinks at a consistent temperature not scorching but slightly too hot for my tastes . Feel like I should give it a five star because I 'd like it if it had maybe a slightly lower temp setting also , or an auto turn off feature ... but it 's keeping the five star because it 's an affordable price and definitely worth the cost .
 Looks great and functions well . I bought one for work and use it daily . I 've had it for two years and it is still functioning properly without issue.I just placed an order for another one to have one at home as well .
 Do you find yourself making coffee each morning only to have it get cold within minutes , alas , rest assured - the Mr. Coffee warmer is here to save the day !
 A great little product at a friendly price . I got this as a gift and could n't be more pleased . Only draws 17 watts , about the same as a medium-sized CFL lamp . One caution
 This works great . Do n't expect it to heat up cold coffee or tea but it will keep a warm drink warm for as long as you keep it on the warmer . Price was spot on , I 'm very satisfied . Be careful if you have a ceramic mug with rough bottom , I scratched up the black surface very quickly . Still works fine , just a cosmetic issue . I 'd recommend using a mug with a smooth bottom surface .
 It is a little small -LRB- my biggest mugs do not fit on it -RRB- . You need a flat bottomed mug for this to work well enough .
 My old coffee warmer died after 20 years . This one works good . Keeps a small teapot warm also . Hope it lasts as long
 Finally , I can set my cup on my desk warmer and it keeps my coffee or tea hot for me . I ca n't stand cold coffee and this certainly does the trick .
 We recently move to offices in a bungalow and the desks conduct cold like you would n't believe . We were throwing out tepid coffee but no more . Thanks to three wonderful Mug Warmers !
 Your coffee and coffee cup will stay warm because the Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer is very hot . Do n't touch it .
 It 's a great item , especially if you like coffee -LRB- or any hot beverage -RRB- and you spent a lot of time at a desk or computer BUT they do n't last long enough . It 's pretty inexpensive but I rather pay more and get one that lasts a few years .
 I am satisfied with this product , BUT some of my coffee mugs are too big to sit properly on the warmer . I have to remember to use a smaller cup in order for it to work properly . I had a warmer I used for several years , but alas it died . It did a wonderful job , ca n't remember the brand , and it was large enough to accommodate my larger mugs .
 I was somewhat reluctant to purchase this mug warmer after reading a few of the negative reviews but thought it was worth the chance because the price was very reasonable . One of the complaints is that it does n't heat up the liquid in your mug . It does get plenty warm and it 's not made to warm up your beverage . You need to start off with a hot beverage . If a drop of water from your mug lands on the plate surface it will lightly sizzle . That 's hot enough for me ! I would n't think you 'd want something that was a fire hazard . I 've also found that it helps to use a flat bottom mug , otherwise there is not enough surface to surface contact to keep the liquid really hot . Some of my mugs have a low rim around the bottom and they do n't work as well with the warmer . I 'm glad I purchased it and am happy to have a warm beverage on my desk without always having to reheat it in the microwave .
 I have a Mr. Coffee warmer at work . I have a ceramic lid that fits on mugs . When I put a hot cup of tea on the warmer with the mug lid on , it honestly keeps the tea hot . If the mug is only 1/4 full or so and I have let it get cool , I can put the mug on the warmer , and it heats up up to be hot . I am not sure it would do that if the mug was full.We use another Mr. Coffee warmer at home to warm candles . We have candles in glass jars , and when the wick reaches the end of it 's life , we put the jar on the warmer . The candle wax puts off the same scent as if the candle were lit . After a while , the scent is spent and we throw the candle jar away . But it is nice to get a little more mileage from a candle after the wick gives up . Great warmer . It is also attractive and the on/off button is easy to use .
 Glad to have found this nifty little device . Works as advertised . Keeps your beverage hot without over-cooking it . I think this would work well with a big mug of soup as well . Ca n't tell you how many half-consumed mugs of coffee have been saved by this . It 's great to pick up my mug an hour after I poured the coffee into it and take a hot swig .
 This is the best mug warmer I 've come across in 25 + years . It keeps my tea at a great drinking tempurature . -LRB- I quit drinking coffee two years ago when I got turned on to Pu-Erh tea . -RRB- I have bought FIVE -LRB- 5 -RRB- of these warmers
 Nice little hot plate . I use it under my shaving mug and it works fine for keeping that warm . It 's big enough to handle larger sized coffee mugs and has cord length that I would deem `` useful '' . Quite happy with it so far .
 Keeps the coffee as hot as the burner on your coffee maker . Really , what more can you expect of this appliance ?
 I 'm glad that I read previous reviews before posting , just to help me use this product better . It will not take a cold cup of coffee and make it hot ... but it will maintain temperature nicely for a mug that is already hot . The mug warmer allows me to sip my coffee over time , without having to warm it up in the microwave 3-4 times per cup . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I bought one of these and have been using it everyday for several years . Yes , you have to start with hot coffee , but hooray , coffee stays nicely hot for the duration . I dropped it several times over the time I 've had it , and though it still works fine , the plastic is cracked and I worry that it may short out , so I bought a new one . I did n't even think of shopping around , definitely was happy with it . It looks fine too , and the cord is long enough to get under a desk -LRB- about 5 + feet -RRB- .
 This product looks nice and is easy to operate but it does n't keep coffee hot enough . I 'm not one of those people who likes their coffee scalding hot either . It definitely does the trick but that 's my only beef with it . It might work better with a closed-top mug .
 The Mr. Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer does a fairly good job of keeping a HOT mug warm . Do n't expect it to adequately warm a cold one . I found it works best on mugs 3 '' or less in height and 3.5 '' or less in diameter with no irregularities in the base . -LRB- wo n't rock on a flat surface -RRB- . I do n't like my coffee all that hot so the product is adequate for my 4 '' -5 '' tall mugs as well . Obviously , the product is n't intended for styrofoam or plastic cups that are n't high temperature rated.As a point of reference , the product 's 17 watt heating element will keep my favorite 4 '' tall 3.2 '' wide ceramic Yellowstone mug at 123 degrees when half full and 4 degrees lower when topped off.I would have given the product 5 stars if the on / off switch were easier to use and the heating element surface did n't scratch so easily .
 TIP
 This warmer will do exactly that - keep coffee `` warm '' , but definitely not hot . I guess if it kept coffee hot they would have called it a coffee `` heater '' ... It 's just ok . Keeps coffee from going luke-warm or cold .
 I sort of sip my coffee while I surf the web . This gadget keeps it warm even if I forgot to sip my coffee . 5 stars .
 I 've always had a warmer on my desk and in my family room . But finally one died . I did n't really like them because you had to use a tapered cup , as a full size mug would n't fit on it . I bought a pair of these on chance and I 'm glad I did . They keep your coffee , tea , or other hot beverage hot . It wo n't heat them up , but will keep them hot / warm enough to drink . And , not too hot that it makes your coffee bitter . And , you can use a regular mug , it 'll fit . I highly recommend this .
 I researched the internet and read all the Amazon reviews , and decided to add the Mr. Coffee warmer to my wishlist . My sister bought it for me and I 've been using it for less than a week so far . I have to say that I think it preforms quite well . I have not tried putting a room temp or cold beverage on it yet , but will since it may just be strong enough . The less liquid in your mug , the hotter it gets and stays . The first time I used it , there was a melting or burning plastic smell , but this is to be expected and never occured again . This one does not come with a mug which I was dissapointed about , but my `` the Office '' mug works just fine . I might suggest using it with a mug that has a top or cover since this would maintain heat even better . The black color blends in with my desk and it 's quite small as not to be an eye-sore . I 'd reccommend this item , and it 's saving me time and money since I 'm not dumping cold coffee and buying more anymore .
 I bought one of these coffee warmers to keep my coffee warm at the office . It really does the job . Note you can not pour cold coffee into a mug and expect this device to heat it -- that is n't the purpose . If you set your warm coffee on this heater , get up go get something out of the printer , get distracted talk to people , come back to your desk 15 min later your coffee will still be warm , maybe even hot depending on how hot it was when you poured it in there . I love it . I bought one for home too . The success of the coffee warmer is also dependent on your coffee mug . I find it works best with coffee mugs that have a large surface area at the bottom . I would definitely recommend this product -- I already have , I love it .
 I purchased tow of these , one for my husband and one for myself . We use them in our shared home office . The warmers keep our drinks hot while we are working , but do not burn the liquid . They work for cups as well as mugs . Reliable product thus far and a great convenience fo us .
 This works like a charm ! Wish it were a tad heavier , but it does the job .
 I would hate to have a product reviewed by the general public because I must say ... intelligence levels are greatly varied.You need to have a cup that can actually conduct heat well -LRB- thinner normal mugs work better than my really thick bottomed other mugs -RRB- . I have some cups that do n't work very well and some cups that work great ! One must also realize that different people will have different `` taste buds '' burnt at different levels . What I mean by that is ... If you are really used to drinking super scalding hot coffee like my Mom then obviously your definition of hot is going to be a lot higher than most peoples . I drink my tea hot , but to my mom it 's lukewarm . So , blaming a product that it 's not hot enough because you 're not smart enough to know that your mouth has been burnt into submission over the years is not the products fault - heck , you could be using a poorly designed cup also that barely transfers heat into the inside of the mug ... It 's no different than my liking MILD spicy stuff . Most of my family will say , it has no flavour - and their hot spicy is unbearable to me BECAUSE I rarely push myself to eat hotter and hotter whereas they will push themselves to be hotter in spices AND in temperature thus pushing up the tolerance they have to hotter and spicier.You got ta know the science behind it : -RRB- Otherwise , it 's a fine product . Keeps my drinks nice enough for me but before you downgrade something use your brain and realize they did n't mis-market anything . It 's hot enough for most . Just because YOU burned your mouth on scalding hot tea/coffee for years and find it `` cold '' is not this companies fault.How I wish there was more critical thinking in the world ... I 'll be buying another one of these soon from here . Do n't know where the gift I got of this one came from and I want one at home as well as work . -LRB- which is why I came on here to check them out -RRB- . Cheers to critical thinking !!!
 I just got it today from amazon and i must say it was better than i had anticipated from such a small appliance . It took about a couple minutes for it to heat up and when it did my coffee was as hot as it was when i poured it from the pot ! great stuff !
 This works for me . I have a 4 cup mr coffee that fits perfectly on this unit . I can reheat the coffee when I am ready for the second cup . I did notice that I needed to use a cup that made good contact with the heating part . I use a small heavy duty china cup rather than a ceramic mug and it heats up nicely . I feel spoiled and will likely be buying another one .
 This coffee warmer is perfect . I have it on my end table at home and it keeps my coffee warm , especially when I forget to drink it because I get involved in a TV program . The only thing that is missing is an automatic shut off . I would still recommend this product , and the price is definitely reasonable .
 Plug it in , turn it on with the slide-button right there on the front of it , put your hot cup of liquid on it -LRB- does not take huge cups -RRB- ... and it stays hot just shy of being too hot to drink . And it shipped incredible fast !
 Keeps Coffee Almost As Hot As When Poured From Coffee Pot.I like mine piping hot . I 'm picky . This does keep it almost that hot though.Nice Long Cord -LRB- Over 5 Feet -RRB- Off/On Switch Conveniently Located On Coaster Front.Four Grip Feet On Bottom . Does n't Burn Surface Of Table . Does n't Slide Around.Good Buy !
 This little warmer works great . It will not really heat a full cup of cold coffee , but it will keep hot coffee very hot , and will heat up a half cup of coffee very well .
 I have been using this thing for about six months now , and I ca n't find anything to complain about . It works great . It gets hot quickly , is not enough , is just the right size , has an `` on '' indicator light that is obvious but non-intrusive , switch on top , long enough cord to be useful ... Heck , what 's to complain about . I 'm using it right now to keep my coffee warm while I type this . : -RRB-
 This little hot plate does keep my tea warm . The only negative is that the on/off switch is very close to the hot plate surface . and if you 're not careful , you 'll get burned .
 I use this at work . Turn it on before you go to get your coffee in the breakroom . Best if the cup/coffee is already warm .
 This lil thing is WONDERFUL !!! I had orginally bought a USB warmer , what a waster of cash ! This lil thing does the job very nicely ! I use steins for my coffee and tea and this lil thing keeps even those thick heavy mugs warm ! It really works great if you pre warm your mug in the microwave . I have seen this warmer keep a pre warmed heavy stein warm for 4 hours ! I keep our 100 yr old house at about 66 F in the winter too
 what more can you say , keeps the coffee in the mug warm . This is a great gift to give people at work .
 Very happy with product . Keeps tea warm all day long . I would suggest getting a cup that fits right in it to work .
 I didnt buy this to warm coffee or soup i bought this to heat up the hot wax that i bought . its virtually the same thing as the wax warmer but only half the price.But im sure it would work great for anything that you would like to keep warm in a cup
 I bought one Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer for my office a few months ago . It works perfectly . Like other reviewers have said , it keeps a hot beverage hot , but do n't expect it to heat up a cold cup of water , coffee , etc. . I have been so pleased with this item that I just purchased a second for my home office .
 This works great and keeps the coffee very hot . I wish the switch was on the front instead of the back for easier access but not a big enough deal to lose a star .
 I work at my desk for a few hours every morning and my coffee always got cold . I remembered that I had a mug warmer several years ago and searched for a replacement . This works well , my coffe stays hot enough , the black blends in well with my desk and the price was reasonable .
 I 've been longing for a mug warmer for a while , and finally ordered one with other items to save the shipping fee . Before I decided on this one , I read others ' comments which helped a lot . This is a simple function device , to keep beverage warm , and it surely does it as I expected . NO complain !
 This mug warmer , for what it is , is good . Depending on the type of mug , the coffe can get quite hot . If the mug has a flat bottom , the mug warmer is great , but not all mugs have that . The mugs I have a home have a bit of a lip bottom so my cofffe stays warm , drinkable but warm . At work the mugs are almost flat , and that coffee really gets hot , so much so , you have to sip it . Bottom line , this mug warmer is 5 stars ... I bought 3 !
 Love this little warmer ! It 's great at keeping bottom of the mug warm , keep in mind you might have to shake the cups a little to warm up the whole cup . However , do n't expect to warm up a cold drink .
 I use this at work to keep my mug warm longer . It 's not hot enough to be dangerous but keeps coffee from getting totally cold .
 I read several reviews of different ones but this one got the best results , yet even this one had less than 5 star reviews because people say it does n't get hot enough . Well trust me it does . It 's hot enough that you ca n't leave your finger on it for more than a second . I pour myself a cup of coffee , add cold creamer and it will stay that temperature for at least an hour and a half . It 's perfect . It 's not meant to heat up a cold product but it does a great job of keeping your perfect temperature cup of tea or coffee .
 We bought this a while ago and it still works as the first day we bought it . Yes , good product .
 I bought this for office use . It 's pretty good . It does keep my coffee warm through out the day . Nice in winter .
 This product actually does the job . I was a bit afraid of my cup 's bottom shape as it was about 40 % of the heating diameter of this unit thinking it was not going to transmit heat enough to keep my coffee warm but , it actually did the job very well . My coffee stays not only warm , it actually heats it up for as long as I have it on . I 've sipped through my coffee for about an hour and up to the last one I get hot coffee . Great product .
 The warmer does exactly that - keeps tea or coffee warm , but not to original temperature . It 's very stable and does n't take up a lot of space . It has a long enough cord to be able to place it where wanted .
 I have definitely enjoyed having this product . I would recommend this others . It keeps my drinks nice and warm . It will also heat up cool drink in 10 minutes or so . However , this product is intended to keep drinks warm that are already warm .
 As long as you use a small cup the coffee stays warm , not hot , but still satisfying . Thus is why only 4 stars .
 I like this product enough to specifically turned my computer on to write a review . It worked better than expected and kept my beverage warm . It 's a mug warmer so , no , it does n't bring your beverages to a boil -LRB- I seem to have read complaints that it does n't heat up their beverages , though that could be for a similar product . -RRB- I think my tea was actually a bit hotter than the original temperature when I pulled it out of the microwave and put it on the warmer . I am just very happy that my tea does n't turn cold within 5-10 minutes .
 Received this as a Christmas gift and I absolutely love it ! It gets pretty hot , it lightly sizzles if you lick your finger and touch it . I do n't think it will re-heat a cold cup of coffee but it does a FANTASTIC job of keeping the coffee pretty darn hot . It 's one of those little inventions I did n't realize I needed until I have it and now I 'm buying one for all my friends .
 This is exactly what I wanted in a mug warmer . It 'll even keep a pot of tea hot if you put it on while the tea is fresh . It exceeded all my expectations .
 It does exactly what it 's supposed to do
 I was chatting with some fellow tea-drinkers on Twitter this morning and came to get the link to this mug-warmer . As others have noted , it may not rewarm a mug whose contents have gone cold , but if you put the mug on the warmer right after filling it , the contents will stay nice and hot for as long as it takes you to drink them . -LRB- It 's always a little disorienting to be in Starbucks and take a lukewarm swig of whatever I 've been sitting there with for the last hour . -RRB- If this puppy ever dies , I 'll immediately buy a new one -- but after two and a half years of daily use , it keeps chugging along . Best $ 10 I ever spent .
 My sister-in-law wanted two things for Christmas , a classic movie and a mug warmer . I picked this one due to better reviews than others . At first I wanted a USB one but heard they do n't get as hot ... she LOVES this warmer . She leaves her coffee/tea and comes back after a meeting to her hot beverage ! If you 're unsure which warmer to get - this is a safe bet !!
 The cord is long enough.It keep the water warm enough but not hot.If they redesign the design to an modern style it would be better .
 At least if you have to have your morning coffee , tea or other hot beverage . Got ta get me one for home , because now I 'm spoiled .
 I purchased two of these warmers , for myself and a friend . It is great to now enjoy the whole cup of coffee hot . I keep mine on my computer desk , and the plug is long enough to reach the outlet . I would recommend the mug warmer .
 I bought this warmer for my desk at work . It arrived on Saturday so I gave it a test run on the weekend . It works great , keeps my tea perfectly warm . One word of warning though , if your mug has a wide base to it , it might not fit on the plate . Other than that it just great . I 'm very happy .
 I was given this as a christmas gift , and it 's more than lived up to my expectations.It wo n't heat a cold cup of coffee , but it will keep a cup at a very nice temperature for a very long time.Works best if you actually drink the coffee , the less coffee in the cup , the more effective it is ... A full cup of coffee left for a couple hours will moderately warm , but if you actually drink the coffee slowly over time , the end will still be a good temp .
 I currently live in Germany -LRB- I have dual voltage here -RRB- and I know German winters are no joke but one of my complaints here is that my coffee or tea gets cold really fast . I ordered 2 of these and absolutely love them . At first use , they were slow to heat up but after that , they work great . It so nice to pick up my mug and it 's still warm ... does n't get overly hot and of course the heating is more when there 's less in the cup but that gives you a `` good and warm '' to the last drop effect ! Happy customer here !
 It heats a cup of water up to very warm at night . Coming back to buy a couple more for parents .
 Another perfectly packed gift product . The reviews say it does n't get the drink hot , but the gift receiver says she did n't want it to stay hot , just warm enough for her to finish it while she works on the PC .
 I was so happy to receive my Mug Warmer two days after I ordered it because the weather in my area has been so cold that any coffee in a cup nearby gets cold rapidly . How nice to reach for my mug 15 minutes after pouring it and to be sipping coffee that remains warm . I highly recommend it .
 I purchased the Mug Warmer as a Christmas gift for a relative . Within a few days after opening the gift , I got a phone call raving about how fantastic and useful this item is . Good idea , and oh so practical .
 LOVE the convenience of not having to walk ALLL the way to the kitchen to get a hot cup of java .
 I enjoyed the quality of this warmer so much I went back and bought another . I enjoyed most that the on off switch was located on the base of the unit and not further down the cord like most other ones . And I wanted black instead of all the other ones which were white . Now , if I could just get it in other colors it would be perfect .
 The warmer keeps the cup at an acceptable temperature and looks great on the desk . The warming light is very useful in reminding me if the unit is on or off . I could not be more pleased with this product and the cost was perfect .
 I got this little buddy as a Christmas gift , and I 'm definitely impressed . Honestly I did n't expect much from an $ 8 warmer , but man this thing can crank ! The surface under the warmer gets a bit toasty , but as long as there are no flamable things around , you should be fine . Word to the wise
 Another review stated that this cup warmer works best when the beverage is already hot . I fully agree . This device does get pretty warm but never hot . As less liquid is left in my mug , the warmer keeps the liquid almost as hot as when it came out of the coffee machine . Coffee tastes better when it stays hot , and this saves trips to the pantry .
 Pros : It keeps my mom 's coffee warm while she reads her news paper , and it made a awesome gift . It makes candles smell really good too.Cons : Dont spill your coffee on it or its ruined . _ .
 This warmer is the best little item I own . No more cold coffee , tea , chocolate , soup , or what ever else I choose to put on it . Yes you do have to have your beverage already heated but this warmer will keep it a hot all day . No more running back to the kitchen to re-heat the liquid several times an hour . One thing to remember ... make sure that you do n't leave any papers , tissues or anything else that could catch fire near it . The plate does get pretty hot . At least mine does . I am giving 3 for Christmas gifts this year . I 've had mine for over a year and have used it everyday with no problems . Ca n't beat the price either!Mr . Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer
 I was leery after hearing that it kept products lukewarm , but I tried it anyway . My beverages actually got hotter once put on the warmer ! I have to turn it off after a while or it gets too hot !
 This is nice , and big enough for my small teapot at bedside when I like to slowly pour and sip my hot tea while watching a movie , it not only keeps hot tea warm , it even heats it up slowly if I need it to .
 I love to drink tea while I 'm at the computer . Tea is quick to get lukewarm though and so I bought this in a discount store on a whim . It was a great buy . It keeps my drinks hot , no matter how long I forget about them . I 've only ever used it for tea or hot cider but I assume it would work great for coffee.It 's not a hot plate , so it 's not meant to heat up drinks or cook with . It just keeps hot drinks hot . It has a little orange light by the on/off switch that warns you when the warmer is on . The black plastic case/frame/thingy that holds the warmer surface does n't get too hot to touch , so you can move it around while it 's still on . I would n't touch the warmer surface though , it 'll burn you.The cord is a tolerable length . It 's not too short for most uses but it 's not so long that it 's getting in the way or becomes a tripping hazard.I 'm 100 % satisfied with this nifty little buy . If this ever broke , I 'd buy another without a second thought .
 It is a frivolous item but its great when you have a cup of tea or coffee and do not want to guzzle it down but take your time and sip it as you feel . I saw these while perusing Amazon and thought they would make a great gift idea for a couple of co-workers that drink tea or coffee everyday . They claim they or their family members use it in the home and that they come in handy . I got one for myself and my boyfriend too , I think I actually buy tea or coffee sometimes at work just so I can have a reason to use it lol . The item works wonderfully as long as your beverage is in a stainless steal mug and if the beverage is initially hot . Of course the lower the volume of liquid the hotter it will keep the beverage so as you sip your tea/coffee down the hotter it gets . You can not use styrofoam cups on this - it will start to melt . Paper cups are better but your beverage will not stay as hot as long when compared to a stainless steel mug . If you buy this item and couple it with a stainless steel mug you will love love love this product !
 I 'm very happy with the Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer , it does exactly as it 's description says ... keeps your beverage hot.As many helpful reviewers here note ; the Mug Warmer will not warm up a mug of cold liquid , what it does do well is to keep a mug of hot/warm liquid from getting cold . I used to `` pre-warm '' my coffee mug in the sink by running hot water in it then pouring the coffee into it . That 's both time consuming and wasteful of water and the energy used to heat the water . Using this mug warmer allows me to simply pour the coffee directly into the mug without `` pre-heating '' the mug - and the coffee stays nice and hot for as long as I keep the Mug Warmer turned on.FYI - there is a simple on/off switch on the top rear of the Mug Warmer which is hard to see in the product photo.I turn the Mug Warmer on a few min before pouring my coffee so it 's hot as soon as I place the mug on it.Overall I ca n't see any real downside to this product .
 I like the cup warmer very much . I like to drink hot tea and I like for it to stay hot and it does with the Mr. Coffee warmer !
 Ordered this for my girlfriend who is a tea drinker always complaining that her tea gets cold too quickly . BOOM , problem solved . She loves it , and it does exactly what its suppose to do . Highly recommend it .
 I like the very long cord on this one . I had one -LRB- a different brand -RRB- that stopped working after five years . I not only use warmers for my beverages but also to warm wax . This one gets really hot.The only things that I do not like about this model is that it does not have the following safety features .1 -RRB- Automatically shut off after being on for several hours . This protects you when you forget that the warmer is on and leave it unattended for hours . -LRB- normally two -RRB- 2 -RRB- A sensor on the bottom which realizes when a weighted object is on the warmer . If the object is not heavy enough to trigger the sensor , -LRB- with the unit powered on -RRB- , the warmer will not heat up or if heated will shut off . This protects you when you finish drinking your beverage and forget to turn the unit off and leave the empty cup atop.I try not to be careless , but I have gotten busy at times and forgotten to turn things off . I need a warmer and will keep and continue to use this one until I can find one that has more safety features . Finally , 10 dollars was a bit pricey for a cup warmer . I 'm sure it 's the brand name that cause the price to be at this point .
 My 88 year old mother loves her coffee but sips it so slowly that it goes cold before she 's downed a quarter of a cup . Last year , I bought a cheap no-name cup warmer that just did n't work . when that finally gave up the ghost , I settled on the Mr. Coffee model hoping that they would n't lend their reputation to junk . I was right.This cup warmer really works . Three and four hours later , the coffee is hot . Good purchase .
 Mr. Coffee works as intended but I have a candle warmer -LRB- of course I remembered I had it after I bought this item -RRB- and it works better . It 's the same thing with a different name and it keeps the coffee warmer .
 I wanted to like this device ... nice long cord ... switch on the base ... nice looking ... but ... It just did not get hot enough for my taste ... nice and warm but not hot ... as we get older we want hotter it seems ... tried different glass and ceramic cups but sorry not hot enough ... heater is 17 watt ... would like to have one at about 25 watts .
 This warmer does exactly what it 's supposed to do . Like some of the other reviewers observed , the warming plate does get hot enough to boil small drops of liquid that hit its surface . A container of hot liquid will remain hot for much longer while sitting on this warmer . Great product , especially for the price .
 After experimenting with different mugs and amounts of time , I 've learned that the kind of mug makes all the difference . Thiner straight mugs that just fit the base seem to work as advertised keeping the drink almost as hot as I like seemingly indefinitely.The less the mug covers the warmer surface and the larger the diameter of mug top the less the warmer keeps the drink hot.My favorite mug has both problems
 This item is exactly as described . I am very pleased . Customer reviews help me tremendously when OL shopping so I will repeat the words that helped me `` this item will not `` heat '' up a cold drink '' however it will KEEP your Tea -LRB- maybe coffee too but IDK bcuz I dont drink coffee lol -RRB- at a great -LRB- warm but not too hot -RRB- temperature to the very last sip . This is exactly what I needed because I am often working while sipping and my Tea is cooled off by the time I get back to it . It looks nice , the cord is long enough to reach my power strip from my Desktop and the on/off is in a convenient location . Of course Amazon got it to me earlier than estimated ! Which they always do ... like cellphones ... I wonder what i did before Amazon came along !!
 This mug warmer enables me to sit and read or do whatever , and keep my coffee or tea hot , but not cooked . I will never be without one ! Great job , Mr. Coffee !
 I have two -LRB- very -RRB- small issues with this mug warmer that I did n't with the model it replaced . 1 -RRB- The power cord comes out of the side of the product , where the on/off switch is . Unless you 're ok with the switch being behind the cup , you have to deal with the cord getting in the way - not convenient on a nightstand or desk . 2 -RRB- The area on which you can put a mug is the size of an average coffee mug . I have several large cups and a teapot I 'd love to be able to use when I 'm in bed for hours with a cold or with my newborn , rather than getting up every hour to make a new cuppa . Other than these two tiny issues , this warmer is great . Does n't get too hot , is lightweight and has a light to indicate that it 's on . Perfect for basic needs .
 I have yet to read a review for one of these types of coffee cup warmers that stated it keeps hot beverages hot.I bought this unit due to it 's cord length and the fact it plugs into the wall , rather than a USB port . Most of the reviews on other units said the cord was either too short or the USB power was insufficient to keep the beverage warm.With that said , this unit will not keep a full cup of coffee hot . It will keep it warm . Half empty it will be better and a quarter full it gets nice and hot.I even bought a few 2-inch , steel washers to put on the plate . I did that because most coffee cups are concave on the bottom and only the edge/rim of the bottom was in contact with the surface of the warmer . So I figured a few washers to transfer the heat of the plate to the concave base might help.It works fine . I hate cold coffee and this keeps a full cup warm . The more you drink , the warmer it gets . Not perfect , but it seems that it 's the best out there , from what I 've read . Hope this helps .
 The shipping was very fast and was surprised when it arrived , does a great job keeping beverages warm and I would buy another .
 I ordered this because I can never drink my tea fast enough , and it is cold by the time I finish it . This keeps it warm for hours . Not HOT , so if you are looking for hot you might want to try something else - but warm enough to keep the tea drinkable.I also wanted one that plugged into an outlet , not a USB drive , becuase I do n't want to fry my computer running all that power through it .
 I was going to get a cheaper one here on Amazon , but after adding shipping costs it was cheaper to buy this one -LRB- I 'm an Amazon Prime member and got free shipping on this warmer -RRB- . Pros : Fairly large heating surfaceAdequate power cord lengthPower switch is by the heating surface , not on the power cord -LRB- like the other one I almost bought -RRB- Cons : Nothing major.My only complaint is I wish it heated a little more . The heating element gets extremely hot to the touch , but the heat does n't transfer well into the mug . I assume it 's that way with all similar warmers . It 's better than nothing though , and definitely worth the price here on Amazon . It keeps coffee -LRB- tea in my case -RRB- much warmer than my desk does .
 Works well to keep hot coffee hot . Others are right ; it will not warm a mug of cold coffee . Just wish it had auto-off bc I accidentally left it on all night . However , I can always add a timer to the plug and time it to go off every day that way .
 I highly recommend this mug warmer . I gave it to the secretarys in our school office , who never seem to have time to drink their coffee all at once . They are very satisfied with how it keeps their coffee warm , and it saves time running back and forth to the microwave !
 I would have liked to get one of these a long time ago . It wo n't heat up a drink , but if you place it on there while the drink is hot , it 'll keep it pretty hot .
 It does n't keep my drink very hot , but at least it does n't get cold any more . I drink tea and it helps if the cup is put on the unit while it 's hot initially .
 I do n't mind My coffee cold but I like My hot tea warm atleast . This is why I purchased this item and it works very , very well . Would n't expect any less from a Mr. Coffee product . Thank you Amazon and the retailer .
 I bought this to keep my tea and coffee warm while I work at my desk for extended periods of time . The power cord is a decent length , so that I can plug it into my power strip on the floor and fit the cup warmer on the corner of my desk . It keeps beverages the right temperaure -- not lukewarm , not scalding hot . Just hot enough to drink without fear of burning your tongue.Has an on/off switch which is nice , you do n't have to unplug the device for it to stop heating.Would have preferred to power it through a usb cable though , so that I can really take it everywhere with me !
 This warmer keeps my coffee warm , but not as warm as I would like . The unit slides away from you as you push at the on-off switch . This annoyance was overcome with some automobile trim mounting tape . 3M Company 1/2X5 Molding Tape 03609Na Automotive Tape A small square of this double-sided foam tape under each foot will hold it in one place on your desk or table . I bought the Mr. Coffee warmer to replace a homemade warmer that was better at keeping the coffee hot , but finally succumbed to old age . That warmer was made by cutting off the top half of an old 4-cup brewer and using the bottom half -LRB- warming plate and switch -RRB- as a mug warmer .
 Best little thing i ever bought . Everyone knows when working at your computer and drinking coffee and gee what happens ? you forget its there and on top of that ITS COLD !!!! very handy thing to have and never have a cold cup of coffee/tea again . great buy and great product .
 This is my second one , the first lasted at least 13 years , no joke ... and was used almost daily . I only decided to part with it because the rim was cracking and I was a bit worried about something going wrong with it . It will NOT heat a cup of coffee , but if you put a hot cup on it will keep it nice and warm . The more you drink the warmer it gets -LRB- since it has to heat less volume -RRB- so you can just keep refilling that mug and it 'll stay warm . It 's great on cold days to be able to put your frozen fingers around a nice hot mug all day long at work !
 I waited 5 days to write this because I am one in which looks at review 's . This is a great product keeps coffee or tea hot for hours on . I am very pleased with this Mr coffee warmer .
 I really do like to drink hot coffee and this coffee cup warmer does the job . I purchased one for my home office and a second one for my work office . Good price-good product !
 I have looked around locally for a mug warmer but could not find one until I went online to Amazon . This is a very nice outfit for the money . Has long enough cord ; and it is wide enough for the big mugs . It keeps the coffee , tea , cider hot until it is all gone . My wife is very pleased with it .
 I 'm quite satisfied with this product . I use it with a ceramic mug , and it keeps my tea and hot cocoa at perfect sipping temperature -LRB- slightly hotter than warm -RRB- . I have n't had any issues with the mug warmer , and it 's easy to wipe off and clean .
 I have been continually frustrated with keeping my coffee warm by putting it back in the microwave . I researched all that was available for warmers and decided to purchase this product . I was so happy with it that I bought two more to keep in various parts of the house . There are several hints . # 1 turn on warmer and pre-heat before use . # 2-make sure cup of liquid is hot ; it will keep things warm but not make warmer . # be sure to turn off after use .
 this was on the wifes wish list , she loves it , she used it and she told me `` my coffee is still warm it 's wonderfull `` she uses it at work on her desk , both of would recomend this product , , , Grant `` Z ''
 Mr. Coffee MWBLK Mug Warmer - I love it ! I shopped around , even bought a couple of others that all failed miserably , but then decided to try this one because it 's part of the Mr. Coffee brand name , which I 've always found to be reliable ... and it is . I have a porcelain mug that I use every day and place on this warmer at my office , and the coffee is kept warm . No , I can not say `` hot '' because it never gets hot enough for me . That would be my only request for improving this product ... . that they make a mug warmer with a `` hot '' temperature on the heating element . But as an alternate and close 2nd , yes , I recommend this model . June of Long Island , NY -LRB- purchased thru Amazon -RRB-
 I got this as a gift and it is wondrful . The kind of work I do requires me to leave my tea sitting for long periods of time , which ends up being cold . But this Mr Coffee mug warmer has solved the problem . It keeps my tea nice and hot until the last drop . I did n't try to reheat the tea . I just used it like a coaster as I drank the tea and it works great .
 the warmer works as advertised . Keeps my mug warm . The shipping was delayed so much so that I contacted Amazon ... but it did show up within the days Amazon told me .
 We could n't find one anywhere except on Amazon . My wife wanted one for her coffee at work and now is happy as a lark . Thanks Amazon .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my boyfriend who practices piano all day and often lets his coffee go cold . He adores it ! He says it keeps is coffee the perfect temperature . And if he 's happy , then I 'm happy with the purchase , too .
 Still working great after a YEAR!Only complaint is that I wish it had an auto-shut off feature ... But the product is great , works everyday and keeps me from making a million trips to the microwave to re-warm my coffee and tea .
 I was worried from reviews that my dad might not like it because it did n't keep tea or coffee warm enough , but I purchased anyway . I 'm very happy I did , being an engineer I wanted to see just how warm it kept things . After performing a couple experiments , we started at 145F from microwave and it fell to constant 120F without removing liquid -LRB- simulated sipping -RRB- in about an hour . When liquid is sipped from top -LRB- obviously -RRB- , the remaining liquid gets a bit warmer because it is closer to the heat on the bottom , so last drop was 120 + F -LRB- did n't measure though -RRB- . My father wanted just a tad bit warmer over hour or two , so we placed a plastic lid from plastic frosting tub on top and the liquid stayed about 125F for hours . We did measure the hot plate temperature itself , I 'm not 100 % sure , but I think it was 200 + F. Which leads me to believe it has enough heat generated , it is just a matter of thermodynamically getting the heat from the warmer to the liquid efficiently . Some coffee mugs are MEANT to be poor conductors of heat so they do n't allow cooling that quickly . I think people that complained about not being hot enough either simply had bad units , drink very hot liquids , or used inefficient -LRB- heat-wise -RRB- mugs . Think about it on the extreme , if you drink your coffee from a thermos and put that thermos on the mug warmer , you will get warmer outside temperature for thermos but the liquid will probably not heat up at all .
 Keeps my coffee pretty warm , but wish it was a bit warmer . Also wish I could charge it with the wall outlet and then unplug it and use it portably around the house . I 've looked online for such a product but ca n't seem to find it , so this is the next best thing I could find .
 I 've seen a lot of reviews for products like this claiming that it did n't do what it was supposed to . This one in my opinion is different . It does exactly what it is supposed to . Many think that this product is supposed to heat up a cold beverage . They expect too much . If your coffee is hot and you do n't want it to get cold then this IS the product for you.Pro 's - Works like a charm . Keeps the coffee hot/warm . Con 's - The only one I can think of is that it is does n't have a USB connection . It 's just easier if it could plug into a computer instead of searching for an open outlet by the computer . Just saying .
 I find this coffee warmer useful and practical . Some complained that it does not generate enough heat to heat up the coffee , and they are mistaken about the purpose of the product . It is not a coffee maker , it is a coffee warmer . It is good for keeping warm coffee warm , not to make cold coffee hot . I would be better if it can automatically turn on or off with the presence or absence of the mug . At it is , I have to remember turning it off at the end of the day .
 I am satisfied with this warmer . I drink my morning coffee slowly and work , so I usually either end up going back to the microwave several times before I finish , or else I never finish the coffee and I end up tossing it . With this warmer , I put my coffee on it right from the beginning and it keeps the coffee very warm . Definitely not as hot as right out of the microwave -LRB- which I like -RRB- , but warm enough that I still enjoy drinking the coffee . Good value .
 I bought this for a coworker . She has had it for about a month now and she says it works great .
 costumer satisfied . The product keeps warm your beverage . The only issue is that in the picture is not shown that it has a loong power cord . For the picture , I thoug it worked with batteries . But anyway , it is good .
 The advertisement for this warmer indicated it had the only two features that were important to me....on-off switch accessable on the warmer top and a top-visible on-pilot light . The blow-up feature on the sales/ad was very helpful in confirming these features . Product arrived promptly and was packaged very well . And-most importantly . . it is still working !!
 This sleek little coffee warmer does its job . I looked at reviews before buying one , and I 'm so glad this is the one I purchased . It does n't look cheap , and keeps -LRB- hot -RRB- coffee extremely warm . I left my cup of coffee for about 20 minutes , came back and it was almost as hot as when I poured it . I also like that the burner heats up very quickly . I used the warmer within 5 minutes of plugging it in , and it was working great ! I will agree that using a mug with a wider bottom with help keep the liquid warmer . Ca n't wait to give this lots of use ! 5 stars . : -RRB-
 I read all reviews for so many coffee warmers before trying this $ 10 warmer . I did n't expect much with the low cost . It is perfect . It will keep the hot coffee you get it the morning hot until the afternoon . The cord is long also . I just wish I had n't waited so long to buy one .
 I bought this here at Amazon for $ 10 . As I was waiting for it to arrive , I found a similar item at Michaels for $ 5.00 . When the Mr. Coffee arrived , I sat them side by side . They are identical except for the color . -LRB- by identical I mean EXACTLY the same . Same cord length . Same little grooves in the plastic around the switch/light -RRB- The one from Michaels is white . It 's called a `` cozy up warmer '' and it 's supposed to be for candles . They both work well . They do n't heat my tea up , but they slow the cooling process so that I am not always running to the microwave . So I have one for the living room and one for the office . Buy the one from Amazon for $ 10 or make a trip to Michaels and get it in white for $ 5 . Your call .
 Always wanted one of these things and now that I have one , I do n't know how I survived without it . Actually , I do know ; it consisted of trips back and forth from my desk to the microwave after absentmindedly taking a swig of cold coffee or tea . Now , I am so much more productive I might expense this item out to my company as a work related tool .
 This product does all that a warmer should do . Any hotter and it 'd burn the coffee -LRB- that 's the rancid taste of old coffee , it 's burned ! -RRB- It 's a warmer , not a heater . To avoid inadvertently leaving it on , I added a timer like this
 This is seriously the neatest office gadget I have . I have switched from stainless steel coffee mugs to a porcelain mug with a lid because I do not like the taste of my coffee/tea in the stainless mug even though the stainless mug keeps my coffee hot until its gone . The problem with a porcelain mug is that it doesnt keep my drinks hot for long . I can take as long as I want to drink my coffee/tea now , and it is still the perfect sipping temperature even after an hour . I think I may get one for home on my coffee table for when I get discracted with the kids and leave my coffee until it is cold and then have to throw it out .
 I read the reviews and I bought this warmer . It does a good job on a full cup but half a cup or less will get HOT !!! It will solidify the coffee so do not let it stay in the cup while there is little coffee in it . IT WORKS . Your coffee will NOT get cold . It does what it says . It will NOT make a cold cup HOT but it will not let a cup get cold . Maybe it would heat up a cold cup but you would have to leave it on a very long time . IT WILL BURN YOUR FINGERS IF YOU TOUCH THE WARMER .
 I have been looking for a new mug warmer for quite some time in Canada . I finally resorted to buying it online from the U.S. . It is a lot better than the old one I had previously and am quite happy with it . We actually use it to keep our espresso carafe warm .
 I have n't purchased this newer Mr. Coffee mug warmer but years ago I found the first model and was very pleased with it . I mainly purchased it due to the price but mostly it was the only one I came across with auto shut off . I was so pleased with the first one I purchased I purchased many more and gave some away to friends and family . All are still working just fine to this day . I even use them to melt candles in jars when I do n't want a fire . I like the slimmer look of this newer model . I hope the base of the plate is just as large as their original design as my larger mugs fit .
 Fast Delivery , received the warmer before I was told I would . It works excellent ! I never have to warm up my tea at work now . :-RRB- :-RRB- All in all , two thumbs up . 100 % satisfied with the product and seller . :-RRB- Thank you .
 I just ordered this for myself a week ago . So far very satisfied . Good quality , keeps my coffee warm . I even used it to heat water and got nice temperature . In Target it is $ 19.99 . So this is an amazing price , too . Highly recommend . Bought 3 more as a Xmas gift .
 I bought one of these well over 7 years ago , but it met it 's death about 2 years ago . I 've bought several cheap mug warmers in the past two years that have all been far too weak to warm more than an inch up my cup . This warmer is far superior and worth the cost .
 Great value for the price . It does only have one setting but it keeps my coffee warm for hours ! Because of the pictures I thought this was battery operated so it should be noted this needs to be plugged into an outlet .
 There 's only one purpose for this product and that is to keep your coffee warm
 Theres nothing about this product I do n't like . I read all the reviews before i bought it and i extremely happy with it .
 I 've used this for heating therapeutic massage oils , keeping my tea warm , and keeping a warm washcloth warm -LRB- in a jar to protect both rag and heater -RRB- for joint pain relief and this little guy has performed equally well in all capacities . Even a little too well -- I suggest alternating between turning it on for 15 minutes , then off for ten , if you 're like me and do n't use an oven-mitt when picking up your tea mug ! it can get a little warm . Works well with ceramics and glass , but I would not recommend plastics .
 I have a USB warming blanket that does n't really work so I was skeptical about this one , but it works as well as you 'd expect it to . Your drinks stay much warmer than if you were to leave it just on the table and my mother uses it all the time .
 the warmer takes a little time but is quickish . the warmer is good quality . its something nice to have around .
 I love this little mug warmer . It keeps my coffee at just the right temperature . When I get called away from my desk my coffee is still warm when I come back !
 heats up fast , keeps coffee very warm . exactly what i needed . others commented that it wo n't heat up cold coffee , but that 's what the microwave is for . the pad keeps hot coffee very hot .
 Keeps coffee warm , not boiling . Does not re-warm . It simply keeps the beverage at the temperature it was when you put it on the plate .
 It 's exactly what I expected . It keeps my water at the right temperature all the time , not too hot , not too cold . Ca n't live without it in the office .
 This does what it is supposed to do . I have a tendency to get busy and away from my desk a lot at work and a cup of coffee will last me all morning . This warmer keeps it a nice temp all day , will even warm up a lukewarm cup to a more drinkable temp -LRB- have n't tried a cold cup , I guess that 's what the microwave is for -RRB- . The on/off switch keeps me from getting under my desk twice a day to plug/unplug the thing . Ca n't beat the quality for the price .
 I drink tea throughout the day and wanted something to keep it warm as I get busy at my desk . This product really does the trick . I learned by reading another review that if I put something on top of my ceramic mug , like a manilla folder to prevent the steam from venting it stays even HOTTER . You do n't need to do that to keep your drink warm , it just keeps it a few degrees hotter.I have put a cup of hot tea on the warmer at 8:00 am , went to a 3 hour meeting and came back and it was still hot . As with the other reviews , you CAN NOT put a cool drink on the warmer and expect it to warm it up , it is not a microwave it maintains the temperature you start with .
 Pulled the trigger despite the number of `` this does n't work '' reviews out there.Not clear if the issue is with specific units , the type of mug you use , or personal expectation on how hot you expect your drink to be , but this is working for me exactly as expected.I 've got a giant ceramic mug that holds over half a liter of liquid . I 've found that if I turn on the warmer when I go to make my drink , the drink stays hot enough for me to enjoy until I finish it , which this morning took about 45 minutes . Without the warmer , within 20 minutes , the drink was into the lukewarm stage.The drink was n't as hot at the end as it was at the start , but it definitely was `` hot '' and not `` warm '' . I did try using it to reheat a half-full cup at one point , and I definitely would have been better off taking 3 minutes to use the microwave , but even there , it managed to take the drink from room temperature to tepid.Count me in the `` it works for me '' column .
 AS mug warmers go the Mr Coffee warmer does a great job . It keeps your beverages hot as long as they are hot to start with . Do n't expect it to heat up a mug of cold coffee .
 This is the 4th mugwarmer that I have bought - still using the other 3 in different places . Had a hard time trying to find one in the stores , so I was thankful to find one on Amazon.com . I selected this one because it was a good price and seemed more substantial than the others . So far it works great - no complaints at all . My other mugwarmers are white . I like the black color because it seems to blend better with my nice wooden office desk . I would recommend it !
 This coffee warmer has been great . Bought it over a year ago and it still works as good as the day I opened the box . You ca n't beat it for the price .
 This product is great and I do n't know why others ask for more . Definitely it will not boil your coffee but it definitely makes it so much better than drinking it cold ... as cold as the air-conditioned room?I bought three of this in one order because I 'm in a habit of always having a back-up of things I really want . But what happened is that , my son ask for one and when one of my visitor at the office likes it , I ca n't help but give it to him on his way out . I guess I 'll just have to buy some more . I love this product .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer works as it should . Has a convenient on/off switch on the warmer , which is better than on the cord . Keeps coffee at the proper temperature .
 Use it with my brazilian waxing kit . Awesome . Keeps the wax at the right temp . so no more running back and forth to the microwave . I usually let it heat up for at least 20 min . before I use it.Also , I heat the wax in the microwave first , then put in on the mug warmer while I work .
 This is definitely worth the price . It does a decent job of keeping your coffee warm , though it depends some on what type of mug you are using .
 Nice little mug warmer . I have one , and just got this one for my boss . Keeps his espresso nice and hot between those phone calls . This ia a reasonable little gift that your boss would enjoy !
 Purchased two of these at Amazon for $ 5 each and free shipping . Could n't be happier . They get plenty hot enough and have a switch on the unit rather than down on the cord to turn on/off . They are light but seem solid enough to last a long time . I also looked at the Brookstone warmer which is much heaver but also $ 20 higher in price . These work great and I probably should have gotten a few more for gifts .
 I had been looking for one of these for forever until I finally found it on amazon ! I use it every night when I study .
 I have used the coffee warmer for several weeks now and I find that it keeps my coffee hot down to the last swallow . I would recommend this to others wanting a good working coffee warmer
 This coffee warmer is the BEST ! Buy it ... if you like to drink a very warm cup of coffee over time then this is the answer you are looking for ... it really works .
 I have to agree with other reviews that this warmer could keep the coffee a little warmer , it does stay above room temp so I am in no shape or form drinking cold coffee . I do have to remember though that this is only a warmer . It does keep it warm all day until I shut it off which I love . I have to say this has saved me a lot of coffee and time . I used to toss a lot of coffee when it got cold or I would have to reheat my coffee in the mic . Now I can actually finish a whole cup with out it getting cold . I would defiinitely buy it again if I ever needed to .
 After reading a few of the reviews on here , I was a bit skeptical as to how this product would work.However , I went ahead and purchased it and after two weeks of use I must say I 'm very impressed ! It does exactly what it 's supposed to and will spare you the nasty taste of cold coffee !
 As others stated do n't expect it to start boiling cold coffee , but it keeps it warm no problem . Unit sits at about 230 degrees Fahrenheit consistently .
 This is one of my best Christmas gifts . I use it everyday.Keeps coffee at a perfect temperature.The black color looks nice in any room .
 Simple and effective , just what I wanted . No complex switches or controls , just plug in , turn on , and drink up .
 After checking out the different types of coffee cup warmers that were out there , I decided to go with this one since I have a Mr.Coffee espresso maker that 's served me well for a few years and it was n't too expensive and had a good rating . And I 'm very happy that I did . I 'm used to my coffee getting cold pretty quick and having to put it in the microwave to get it warm again , sometimes even twice . So as soon I this arrived , I opened it up and made a new cup of coffee . After about 20 minutes or so of doing my thing and then reaching over to grab my coffee , I was immediately surprised by how hot it was . I even said h *** s *** .
 who ever buys this just a warning if left out more than 3 hours it will melt and burn what ever its on
 I use my mug warmer daily . Living in Michiga.n I like to have hot beverages any time of the day or night
 I like coffee and like it hot . Sometimes will reheat the same cup 3 times in the microwave . Now my mug warmer keeps my coffee the right temp . Just have to remember to turn it off . It does not heat it-just keeps it the same temperature .
 I just received my warmer . I love the larger surface , long cord , and that the switch and light are on the top of warmer . I like my beverages warm not hot so this is perfect for me . I hope it lasts for a long time .
 For me this has been a god send . I purchased this for my office . It keeps my drink warm until it is gone . I know that a lot of the reviews say that it will not warm up a cold cup of coffee however mine does warm it back up . I do n't know if it is the cup that I use or if I just got an excellent warmer . -LRB- I use a cup that I purchased from the Coffee Shop at Barns n Noble . The cup has a ceramic lid that I place the lid on it when I am not drinking . I have not tried other cups but the only difference between this cup and any other ceramic cup is the lid . -RRB- I am very happy with this purchase and would recommend this product . This plugs into an outlet not the USB port of your computer . USB ports do n't give off enough current to allow a warmer to work well therefore I would not recommend one of the USB models . You will not be sorry if you purchase this warmer .
 Good solid product , built well , good switch and cord . However , I like my tea/coffe HOT , and this keeps it marginally warm enough for me .
 I was a bit worried before buying this mug warmer since most of the reviews I read on Amazon complaint about how the coffee gets cold very fast but that 's not the case with me ! It has kept my fresh cup of coffee HOT for a good period of time , until I can finish the coffee =-RRB- and I like the design and the price of this mug warmer . It 's perfect for home or office .
 Like most of you , I read the reviews before I buy , because the last thing I want to do is buy something that does n't work . I decided that the `` good '' comments out-weighed the `` bad '' comments , so I purchased the Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer . To simply say - it works . I can place my hot coffee mug on the warmer in the morning and go about my business doing this and that , but upon returning to the kitchen to grab a sip of coffee , it is still warm . Now if I could only find something that would make the bed and do the wash , I would truely be a happy camper .
 IT 'S WORKIN ' GREAT , BEAV ! KEEPS THE MUG WARM WHILE I 'M ON THE COMPUTOR ! BUY IT !!
 Keeps the coffee warm between callers at work ! Does exactly what it 's supposed to and does it well . Just wish it had an auto-shutoff so I would n't have to worry about leaving it on and burning down the building .
 I purchased this item to use as a wax warmer , not a mug warmer . Usually wax warmers go for around 20 + dollars , and the mechanics of it are pretty much the same as a mug warmer so I thought I 'd give it a try.It took a long time to completely melt the wax , so I would suggest melting in the microwave first and then use the warmer to keep it warm . I found that if the wax is sitting on the warmer for a while , it is waaaay too hot for your skin . What I do now is just place the wax on the warmer whenever it is starting to harden and then take it off when it is just right.I also found that it makes a nice scent diffuser . Just place your favorite candle on it , and it disperses the scent all over the room without having to light it .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer is a great product . It does exactly what it says it will do , it keeps your coffee -LRB- or any hot liquid -RRB- hot for hours . It does n't heat up an already cooled off cup of joe , but that 's not what it 's supposed to do . It 's got an on/off switch , a red indicator light to let you know it 's on and working , and a wide enough base to hold bigger mugs . I 'm very happy with mine .
 This is a great product , be wary of other products claiming to keep your coffee or tea warm . Best one I 've used yet , a great buy !
 This pad does get pretty hot , but how well it keeps your beverage hot really depends on the cup that you use . The problem is that most -LRB- all ? -RRB- mugs have a circular bottom , so the actual surface area that contacts the pad is pretty small . That being said , my drink never really got colder than a step hotter than lukewarm , so I guess it works fine!Safety is somewhat of a concern , though . It uses a simple on/off switch , and I 'm not sure what will happen if it is left on for days at a time . I think a system where it is only on when a cup is on it would be awesome.Your cup also sits about an inch higher off the table , so risk of knocking it over is a bit higher.Overall , a good and cheap solution to the everyday first world problem of keeping a hot drink hot .
 Pros : Does a great job of keeping coffee an ideal temperature.Long cord.Can hold large mugs.Heats up quickly.Cons : Heating surface is scratched easily my moving the coffee mug.Despite having rubber `` feet '' on the bottom , it can move on a desk with little effort when a mug is n't weighing it down.Keep in mind this keeps your hot coffee hot , but wo n't reheat a cold cup . The scratches I mentioned earlier are quite noticeable in sunlight but otherwise hardly visible . Also , the fact that there are n't any gaps between the heating surface and the plastic housing means that if you accidentally spill coffee on the surface , it wo n't leak inside it . At this price , I 'm very satisfied with this product saving me trips to the microwave .
 As with almost every purchase I read numerous reviews before purchasing . My search for coffee/tea warmer was no exception . Judging from the lack of 5-star reviews -LRB- on average -RRB- across Amazon , the perfect coffee warmer does n't exist . This coffee warmer seems to be about as good as it gets.Here 's the deal
 I researched this type product and decided on it . It works great keeps coffee warm enough and not too hot.Wish I had found it before now because i was constantly warming my coffee up in the microwave !
 My office is in the basement and my wife gives me a cup of coffee every morning and sends me `` to work . '' Before getting this , I either had to run upstairs to nuke it halfway through , gulp it down while it was still warm or throw half of it out after it got cold . My Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer fixed all of this . It works perfectly and keeps the coffee at the right temperature so I can now enjoy it at my leisure . The only improvement I might suggest is an automatic shut-off since I forgot I still had it on and returned an hour later one morning to the distinctive smell of burning coffee as the small amount left in the bottom of the mug had dried and started smelling from the heat . But that was clearly `` operator error '' and this heater definitely works as advertised .
 Love love love it ! I 'm the type to take hours to drink one cup of coffee and this keeps it nice and hot just like it 's fresh from the pot ! Hooray !
 I love this coffee warmer . I actually do n't drink coffee , and bought this as a was warmer . It works great . All you have to do is warm up the wax for the first time in the microwave and it will keep the wax at the perfect consistency for at least 2 hrs -- that 's how long I needed it . Perfect for wax , would definitely recommend it .
 I 'm a sipper , not a gulper , and I 'm tired of burning my tongue on steaming hot beverages . If I need to sip right away -LRB- to expedite the delivery of the needed caffeine -RRB- , I have to add a little ice or let it sit for several minutes . This all translates into cold coffee mid-cup . I purchased 2 USB mug warmers that proved absolutely useless . Upset at the wasted money , I sometimes use them as hand warmers . I thought the problem was because 99.9 % of every mug made is not flat on the bottom . They all have a rim they sit on , probably to avoid damaging surfaces . I know it is 99.9 % of them since I 've spent the past 5 years or more checking the bottom of EVERY SINGLE mug I ever saw , refusing to waste my money on another warmer . A friend who makes pottery gifted me with a mug that had a flat bottom . FINALLY I would see if this truly was the problem . It DID help slow down the cool down , but not nearly enough . Back to nuking the coffee every cool down . Satisfied I 'd finally given it my best shot , I coughed up the 10.00 to give this one a whirl , after reading several reviews . Not only does this thing keep your coffee at virtually the same temperature it was when you put it on this warmer -LRB- right down to the last sip -RRB- , but it actually re-warms my coffee when I 've had to wonder away from my desk with it . I 'm still kicking myself for putting this on my Wish List instead of just buying it the first time I saw it . You wo n't regret this purchase , unless you absolutely , positively need your beverage to remain at it 's just-brewed temperature .
 I have been using this product for a few weeks . I have a ceramic tea pot that I use to make a few cups of tea at a time , and the tea was getting cold way too quickly . This product keeps my whole pot of tea nice and warm for as long as it takes me to drink -- which has been up to about six hours . I 'm getting ready to buy a second one for my tea cup , so my tea stays warm once I pour it from the tea pot .
 I bought this for my husband as a stocking stuffer . Knowing that it 's intention is to keep coffee warm and not reheat -LRB- it 's not a microwave -RRB- , it works perfect ! My husband loved it so much he asked for one for his office at work .
 Sealed in box , works great . IT was a christmas gift and the recipient uses it everyday to keep coffee warm for 1-2 hours .
 I have two of these . One is in my home office and the other is in the kitchen . For the most part this is an excellent appliance , as long as you use it to its optimum capability . If you use a deep mug with a narrow circumference your hot beverage is n't going to be as warm as a cup with a wider circumference . Simply put , the mug will stay warmer if it comes in contact with more of the warming base . I found this out rather unintentionally since I usually grab whichever mug is within close reach . I noticed that the wider mug was warmer.Under the best conditions , this mug keeps my morning joe warm for however long it takes for me to scarf down a whole cup . It 's nice to have a last sip that is as pleasant as the first .
 I 've had mine for years and started looking on Amazon in case I need another.I use it all the time to heat soups and chili - it will do this if you use a metal cup and cover it . I 've even used it to slow cook single servings of meat . The key is to heat small amounts.Good for melting chocolate or butter without burning and without using another burner . It also works well for heating hide glue for woodworking - keeps it just the right temp without burning.But of course , the main use is to keep coffee or tea hot so you can make extra and nip at it throughout the afternoon.Mine has taken spillovers and not had a problem , I just unplug and wipe it off .
 I purchased this warmer strictly for warming massage oil . One of the main reasons I chose this product was due to the reviews I read stating this warmer will not heat a cup of coffee or tea . I do not need/or want a warmer that will boil a cup of liquid , just something to keep the oil warm during the massage session . I was very skeptical when I ordered this warmer and really did not expect to be satisfied with its heating ability . To be honest , I did not expect it to warm a bowl of oil to a nice temperature . I tried the warmer with a small bowl of safflower oil and within 5 minutes the oil was almost too warm to be comfortable !!! The only complaint I would have about this warmer is that the cord is fairly short and that it DOES heat a little more than I expected . With that said , I am 100 % happy with my purchase !! For a full bowl of oil , this little warmer does an excellent job !!!!!! It was well worth the money I spent on it ...
 I bought this to be a candle warmer , not a mug warmer , but they are all the same . I like this one because it is black , so it is n't as noticeable on the dresser where it sits . The white one I had previously worked great , but it was so ugly on the dark wood . I am very pleased with the way it works .
 While the mug warmer feels cheaply made , it does an excellent job of keeping my cup of tea at a satisfying temperature . I constantly forget about my drink when I bring it to my desk to work and by the time I remember , it 's cold . Then it 's a trip to the microwave , and the cycle begins again ... which is often if the weather is cold . It 's best if the mug is as flat as possible on the bottom . The more surface area your cup has contact with , the warmer your beverage will stay . The cup I use does n't arc very high and the ridge is fairly thick , so my drink stays nice and hot , especially if I put it on the warmer immediately after brewing.Perfect for the fall/winter , the switch is located at the base of the warmer with a light to indicate whether it 's on or off . The power cord is a decent length , but that really depends on how far you 're sitting from an outlet . Should n't be a problem if you are at home . Definitely a bang for your buck !
 I use this mug warmer every day and it works great . It keeps my hot drinks at just the right temperature .
 I love this warmer . I tend to ignore my coffee for long minutes at a time and this warmer keeps it at a perfect temp for as long as I need it to . Wish I 'd had it years ago as I dumped many a cup of cold coffee , which today is n't a cheap consideration .
 it is does n't work % 100 with ceramic mugs , it still make it warmer but my ceramic coffe mug also made some weird smell when I put it on to the warmer , then I decide to get a steel mug and the warmer works amazing right now , you can even put cold coffee and turn it to a hot coffee . I bought stainless steel WMF Kult Coffee Mug and it 's works great with it . coffe mug is a little expensive , you might find cheaper one .
 This actually does keep your coffee warm . It also doesnt emit too much heat below so it will not melt your table or burn it
 My oversized mug has a standard-size bottom , and it fits on the heating element with tons of room to spare . I start with a mug of scalding-hot tea and place it on this warmer , and the scalding temperature does come down to the perfect drinkable temperature and there it stays . When the tea level gets really low , though , the tea temperature does rise considerably . I have no complaints . The cord is plenty long enough to put on my cubicle desk , snake across and down through the allotted cord hole a foot or so away , then down to the outlet . The on/off switch is n't smooth , but that 's hardly a problem .
 Will not heat a beverage but definitely does the job of keeping a drink warm that is already heated.Would recommend
 I highly recommend . Keeps coffee at the same temperature . I used a small plastic lid on the cup that helped keep it warmer .
 I am a writer , which means I get carried away at the keyboard and my coffee grows cold if my mind is n't on it , which it is n't . My mind is on writing . Therefore , I am deeply grateful for this product . When I reach for my coffee , it is hot everytime . I do n't have to sigh with disappointment , heave myself from my writing chair , and trek to the kitchen to pour out the cold and fill my mug with warm that is itself destined to grow cold from neglect . The warmer works well . I like it .
 Keeps my tea nice and warm - toward the end it gets a little hotter even , so be careful when there 's not much left in your cup !
 The warmer works just fine at keeping coffee warm . The switch on the body of the unit is easy to locate -LRB- as opposed to one on the cord -RRB- . The one downside is that it is too small to hold a very large mug . I guess it just holds the standard size .
 I do n't drink coffee , but I do like to have a nice strong cup of tea in the morning . The mug warmer keeps my tea hot while it steeps . Then I may take my time to drink it while I view my e-mail , check the morning news , etc. on the internet . The surface becomes very hot . It would be great for hot chocolate too .
 Bought this for my husband . He likes his coffee too stay hot . This products really does the job . It keeps his coffee just like he wants .
 Given the laws of physics and the limits of technology , this warmer seems as good as it can be . As it says , it 's a warmer ; not a heater.When your fresh cup of coffee or tea is at the preferred temperature , turn the warmer on and it will maintain a reasonably warm cup . For $ 10 it 's a great deal . Just remember to turn it off when finished . -LRB- There is a on/off light . -RRB- UPDATE
 Got this for my hubby who drinks a great deal of coffee . He kept complainig about his coffee going cold while watching TV -- now he does n't ! Very excellent product for a great price !
 This is the perfect warmer for even a larger size mug . It keeps liquids nice and warm . Very pleased with this purchase .
 Bought this for my 89 yr old grandmother . She sent a thank you note saying she doesnt ' know how she lived so long without one . Said it works perfectly .
 The hot plate part is not big enough to fit the Starbucks &#34; city &#34; mugs , so note that . But a smaller mug -LRB- a.k.a. regular sized or one that does n't have a wide base -RRB- will fit fine . I agree with other reviewers who said that it keeps drinks warm when full and hotter when less full . I think the product description should specify the size mug that fits . i will keep it because it works well .
 bought two for myhusband he thinks that it doesnt keep the coffee hot enough , but he likes it really hot
 This little thing is wonderful ! I bought this item for my boyfriend for Christmas and he uses it at his desk at work . It keeps hot coffee hot til the last drop . Definitely recommend . Do note it does not reheat coffee , but keeps already-hot coffee steadily hot . : -RRB-
 This works well to keep your coffee warm longer . It doesnot keep hot like when it comes out of the coffee makebut it does keep it warm long enough for you to finish yourcoffee .
 I was worried that I would buy this product and it would n't work because of the price . The Mr. Coffe mug warmer works and is worth the money .
 I have turned down the heat in my house and wear layers to save on my heating bill so my hot drinks used to cool off quickly when I was on my computer . Now , they stay hot to the bottom of the cup -LRB- which I can use as a hand warmer ! -RRB- : -RRB-
 I asked for this item for Christmas . I read some of the reviews and was n't sure it would do the job . Just hoped for warm coffee . The first time I tried it , I only turned it on briefly and felt the warming pad . It seemed to warm up fast.I finally tested it with my morning coffee and have to say I was pleasantly surprised . It keeps my coffee warm and , dare I say , hot ! I now use it every morning 'cause there 's nothing worse than accidentally sipping a cold cup of coffee . I also noticed the thinner my coffee cup , the hotter the coffee . I would definitely recommend this to others . I 've already told my mother -LRB- the gift giver -RRB- she should get one too .
 Love it , I bought two -LRB- one for the office and one for home -RRB- . As other people have said it does n't heat up your drink but keeps it very warm throughout the day .
 Bought this little gizmo after I got tired of running back and forth to the break room at work to warm up my coffee in the microwave . Tried it for the first time today -- works GREAT ! My favorite ceramic mug is full of my second cup of perfect sipping temperature coffee , and I can spend my time doing other things besides running up and down the hallway . Money well spent ! I 'll bet when my co-workers see this , they 'll want one , too !
 Love having this in the office . Keeps me from reheating my coffee again and again . Would like it to be a bit warmer , but probably best it is n't , because I have had papers resting on it and they did n't burn !!!
 This mug warmer has completely changed my morning routine ! It is better to have a nice flat bottom on the mug and it is true that it maintains an already hot cup of coffee . I like my coffee hot and can not drink it if it cools off . I used to have to drink my coffee quickly before it got cold . Now I can sip away at my cup while reading the paper or checking emails . All the while this warmer keep it nice and hot sip after sip !!
 Have n't used this product yet but had a similar one a number of years ago . Sure will get a lot of use out of it with winter starting here in Wisconsin .
 Product works well . It does what it is advertised to do - keep coffee warm . Also , it arrived on time and in good condition .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer did exactly what I hoped it would do!As I am sewing for my Etsy shop , I like to have a warm beverage to sip . I like to sew , take a break for a little sip , then go back to sewing . This mug warmer is perfect ! My last sip of tea is now just the right temperature . . not cold and not scalding . . just perfect !
 I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas . He uses this daily at his office , and loves it . He is a gadget guru , as are many of his coworkers , and they all think it is awesome . Works great . A +
 I was tired of drinking cold coffee . I drink slowly . This little warmer is perfect for me . It does keep liquids pretty warm , not hot . It also seems pretty safe , it does not turn off automatically ... but it does n't get so hot that I worry about starting a fire . It did n't cost a lot , and it is not bad looking . I consider it a good deal , and I would buy it again .
 I love this Mr Coffee Mug Warmer . I enjoy sipping my coffee and I like my last sip be as warm as the first and this warmer works perfectly . I bought one for my office and enjoyed it so much that I bought one for home as well as multiple ones for stocking stuffers at Christmas . If you like a hot cup of coffee this device works great .1 / 18/13 ... almost 1 year later and still going strong . I still love this mug warmer and use it Monday - Friday at work . FYI , I use a very large mug and this keeps coffee the perfect -LRB- hot -RRB- temperature . I gave multiple ones as stocking stuffers for Christmas to office associates .
 The warmers I received are attractive and do meet UL specifications . The only point of dissatisfaction I have is that they are only 17Watt , and do not keep the beverages as warm as the 25Watt Dazey Corporation warmer I have been using for the past few years . I had recently ordered another brand of warmer from a catalogue , and found them very unsatisfactory , as they had an on/off switch installed in what should have been the negative conductor of the wire , and had no polarized plug or ON light .
 This product has changed my life ! I now drink a cup of coffee that is a ` perfect ' temperature to the last drop . No more warm coffee for me . I 've given the Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer as a gift , and everyone loves it ! I would have liked to know that the mug I would use for the product should have a `` flat '' bottom . Most cup bottoms are not .
 Arrived on time . Easy to clean , and heats rapidly . Bought one for myself & another for a coworker . Highly recommend !
 Very happy with my mug warmer at work . I set down a cup with a hot beverage and the warmer keeps it at just the right sipping temperature even if I get busy with other things and do n't get back to it for awhile . Highly recommended .
 I bought this warmer to use at my desk at work . I like having a mug of herbal tea handy throughout the day . My only complaint is that it does n't keep my tea as warm as my old warmer did . I do like that this warmer is black . My old warmer was white , and looked pretty bad by the time it died .
 Some reviews say it 's not hot enough . Some too hot . I say it 's just right . My wife got me two for my birthday - one for home and one for the office .
 I bought this because my coffee at work was always getting cold , fast . It does n't overheat if you leave it on -LRB- I 've accidentally left it on over night -RRB- and keeps the temperature of the coffee just right .
 When my coffee warmer finally bit the dust after several years , I was shocked when I was n't able to find one in San Diego ! I found this one -LRB- my old one was a Mr. Coffee also -RRB- and was delighted to see it was available with Prime . It 's also less expensive here than the one I purchased almost a decade ago!Personally , I do n't think I 'd want it any hotter - increasing the heat would probably mean increasing the insulation and wiring gauges . I just use the one warmer in several different rooms - I 'd hate to see it get larger and heavier for the sake of adding a couple of degrees .
 I am not sure what all the reviewers who say it is n't hot enough want , to set the house on fire ? It is plenty hot enough if you start with a hot beverage . I 've never tried it with a frozen drink . Perhaps they are using mugs that do n't fit on the surface . In fact , it keeps the coffee/tea so hot , I sometimes have to turn it off as I get below half a cup .
 I bought the Mr. Coffee -LRB- MWBLK -RRB- mug warmer after the plastic surrounding my twelve year old Mr. Coffee mug warmer eventually broke apart . The old warmer was a `` contact '' or automatic style where you just put your mug on the surface and by contact it automatically started warming the mug . The new warmer requires you to turn a switch on to warm and then off to stop the warming . This new on/off switch was an unwelcome feature for me as I really like the convenience of the old automatic switch . I have already forgot to turn the switch off once and I am sure it wo n't be the last time . The absence of the convenient old contact switch was reason why I gave this new warmer a 4 star rating rather than 5 stars . Moving past this pet peeve , the new warmer works exactly as it should . It keeps your coffee warm as it supposed to . Also my old warmer was white , this new one is black . I would think new color will keep the warmer looking better as the old one quickly showed all the coffee spills .
 Let me say first that I do start off with a hot cup of coffee or tea when I start using it . I 'm in alot of meetings throughout the day at work and often forget to bring my cup with me . When I use the warmer , I come back from my hour long meeting and my drink is still hot ! I love it !
 It took a while to get these but they do the job . At 17 Watts they do n't warm things up but they do hold the heat ok .
 I 'm no fan of the Mr. Coffee brand , and it was with great reluctance that I ordered this warmer . Unlike their other beverage products , this is great product.It keeps even an over-sized mug of coffee , tea -LRB- or anything else -RRB- at just the right temperature for drinking . Most of the other beverage warmers I 've had keep the coffee or tea warm to tepid at best . This keeps it just hot enough not to scald your mouth , whether the mug is almost empty or almost full . It is sturdy , stable , and has a warming surface big enough to handle a wide bottomed mug or cup.I like it so much I 'm going to buy another . No more tepid coffee or tea !
 This item was a gift for my husband . I 've had one for my side of the bed for years . Every Sunday we watch the morning news together in bed . My coffee was always hot & now so is his . He loves it & his coffee is PIPING HOT !!!!! I do n't know what the problem was with the joker who wrote the review above me . Perhaps he does n't know that one must plug them in before the little red light can come on ???!!!
 I 'm a huge tea drinker & I enjoy drinking coffee . But with my work , I 'm constantly running around the office so if it was n't for this warmer , my coffee & tea would be ice cold , but this warmer really keeps it luke warm . But of course the first few times there was a smell when my metallic mug is placed on the warmer . But now the smell is gone .
 Great Service & Item as described ... this is a must for any person who likes hot drinks to stay hot while busy working .
 So far , so good . It 's hard to review this product so soon after buying it , but for now it does that which it 's supposed to , and I 'm happy with it .
 4 stars for now , have n't used it , as it is a gift for my uncle . Packaging was nice , shipped on time , and no damage from what I can see . Will update review once my uncle uses it .
 I enjoy the opportunity to have my coffee at a temperature I like . The only observation I would like to make is that the coating on the hot spot has worn out in several areas . Hope you can improve on that.Thank you , Terry Martin
 I bought this to set my metal thermos on , hoping it would stay warm even longer . It does that pretty well , but it actually gets hotter than I want . I wish there were a setting on this , power level one , two , three , something like that.Don ' t get me wrong , it works -LRB- hence the four stars -RRB- , but getting coffee very hot for a long time ruins the taste .
 This does exactly what it is supposed to do , keep your beverage warm . It does n't get boiling hot or anything , but it is the right temp for me . The only problem is that I feel like an old fart for buying it ! lol
 I love that , unlike other brands , this warmer keeps your tea HOT , not just lukewarm . And it 's tons better than the candle warmers that do n't do much .
 I love this mug warmer . It keeps my coffee warm for as long as necessary . I got busy yesterday and forgot about the coffee for over an hour . When I got back to it the coffee was as warm as when I poured it . Would recommend it .
 Coffee cup warmer : It is a very Good product ; would like it a bit warmer . I do like the on/off switch .
 Used this product withSurgi-wax Brazilian Waxing Kit For Private Parts , 4-Ounce Boxes -LRB- Pack of 3 -RRB- to keep the wax at the appropriate temperature . Works perfectly ! : -RRB-
 I shipped this product to the southern most tip of Africa because nothing comparable was available locally.I fitted the power converter necessary to cater for our 220v , and I now have seriously hot coffee available 24/7 . To even boost the heat retention more , I 'm using an enamel cup with a lid to keep the heat in.Nothing compares.All in , the shipping + power converter cost more than the cup warmer , but it was worth every cent.Very happy customer.Tam
 Did n't expect it to perform as good as it did . I was skeptical at first but one of the reviewers posted his findings based on temperatures he measured over a period of time . It helped . The warmer does get really hot ; now how hot the coffee will stay depends on various factors including how much coffee there is in the mug , the style of the mug 's base , at what temperature the mug was placed on the warmer etc. . .5 stars for the product . I really do n't like to drink coffee in plastic containers -LRB- it tastes different to me -RRB- , so , this was the best option to keep my coffee warm/hot .
 I have been using a candle warmer for about 5 years and it finally gave out . Did n't really keep my coffee hot but was ok . This coffee warmer is hotter than the candle warmer but not hot enough to burn . Keeps my coffee at the desired temp and keeps me happy . I love it . Bought 3 so I could have one in the bedroom , one in the den and one in the living room . :-RRB- If you want to keep your coffee warm then this is what you need .
 as per many of the other reviews , this product does exactly what it is suppose to do , keep my coffee nice and hot . Great buy !!
 Bought three for home & offices . Large heating surface keeps hot coffee hot and warms cooled coffee eventually . Wipe the warming surface after spills ; it will last much longer.Wish the `` on '' light was bigger & brighter as reminder to turn off .
 Keeps your mug/cup warm if you use it right after pouring a hot drink . Will not warm up a cup that has gone cold.Notice -LRB- as I failed to do -RRB- that it does not have a contact-sensitive switch . You have to turn in on and off manually .
 I think that if this warmer was any hotter ... it might cook my coffee during the day . I am just glad to reach over and not have my coffee stone cold . I really like it .
 I love this warmer ! It keeps my coffee or tea hot forever ! I sometimes forget that I 'm drinking coffee and it 's so nice to find it still hot when I do remember ! Only wish it was a little hotter .
 This will keep your coffee/tea warm until you get the next cup . It wo n't heat up your drink just maintain it which was my expectation . It is n't too hot either , so when you leave it on over night nothing happens : P
 This coffee warmer works great . It works better if the cup has a lid , I use a box of guitar stings to cover the mug . My only problem is that I forget to put my coffee cup on it when I am busy reading , etc. . I blacked out the white Mr Coffee logo on mine so it remains entirely black except the orange light .
 Mr Coffee beverage warmer is as good if not better then I expected . It keeps my coffee and tea as hot as I like it . For those who think it is not hot enough , who wants burned coffee ? This warmer keeps my beverages at a nice hot temperature for as long as it takes me to drink them .
 I just a slow sipper of Tea so I end up never drinking it , cause it gets cold . The `` Warmer '' works wonderfully , hours later the last of the tea is still hot . The small sleek design allows me to just keep it out on the corner of my desk .
 With 17 watts of heating power , it keeps coffee nice and hot -LRB- USB units do not work since they are less than 3 watts -RRB- . Switch on unit is very convenient -LRB- compared to switch in cord on other units -RRB- . Highly recommend - look no further .
 I used another coffee warmer -LRB- Continental Electric -RRB- prior to using this one . The CE warmer stopped working after only 4 uses ! Mr. Coffee warmer is great . It looks great and works very well . It warms up much faster and hotter than the CE warmer even though the CE warmer is listed at 20 watts while this one is 17 watts . There are a lot of warmers out there . Just buy this one ; a well known household brand and skip the other obscure brands . Happy coffee drinking !
 This product does the job very nicely . It keeps my coffee or tea at a nice drinkable temperature and I love the on/off switch .
 Does ' t keep it hot , only warm , but that 's good . You do n't want to start a fire . Leave mug on too long , coffee will concentrate , dry out , cream will skin . To avoid this , cover your cup . A child 's teaparty saucer works well , or an old CD .
 I bought this because my mug of coffee/tea gets cold while still being about half full . This solved the problem . It does n't keep the contents as hot as when it 's freshly poured , but hot enough to make large gulps uncomfortable . I would suggest this because it does the job and is priced very reasonably . I picked up an extra one for my desk at work .
 I love this thing ! Here are my reasons :1 . It 's small . Desk real estate is important to me and it fits perfectly between my two monitors and takes up almost no space . I 'm not bumping into it , burning myself or spilling coffee . Check Plus .2 . It 's powerful . It keeps my coffee piping hot for hours , and contrary to what the packaging says , it actually warmed my lukewarm/slightly cold coffee to a great drinking temperature . Check Plus .3 . It 's pretty . The black looks great with all of my other black desk items and it looks like an integrated part of my supplies . It 's not some ugly white thing that will get stains all over it and look dingy . Check Plus .4 . It 's cheap . 9 dollars to keep me happily and warmly caffeinated all day long ? Check plus plus.Things I can not speak to : - How long does the product last ? I 've only had it for a few days so maybe it will only last a few months or maybe a year or more . Not sure . - Is it safe ? It does n't have an auto-shut off , but I cant foresee it getting hot enough to do any real damage . I 'll still unplug it before I leave work at night.What I do know is that I will be buying these for co-workers/friends when I need a cheap , practical gift but ca n't figure out what to buy . It gets my vote for best purchase of 2011 thus far !
 I have one in my den because I sip slowly and it does keep my coffee warm . No setting on mine , just off or on but thats OK .
 This thing works perfectly , it easily heats my mug up and keeps it warm for several hours , keeps my coffee fresh as the moment I poured it . Great gadget to have at your desk .
 Here 's a tip - I find with all coffee warmers - and I have been using them many yrs . I put a lid on the cup , ex . a sm saucer , or tupperware top , anything will do . This will keep the coffee/tea very warm the whole time it takes to drink it with no problems whatsoever . Enjoy !
 I love it!Previous reviews said it will keep a cup with already warm liquid steadily warm , which is why I bought it and is just how I wanted it : supply your own mug.The room I reside in is 10 + degrees cooler than the rest of the house , and now I will be able to finish a cup of coffee with this.Great quality and I seen other ones of different brands designed like this , but this one has looks just like my 4-cup `` Mr Coffee `` coffee maker in the same color : black.I thank Amazon for helping me with another item unavailable in my area , as I 've exhausted all possibles turning up nothing.Recommended for anyone with a `` Mr. Coffee '' , and would like a mug warmer that 'll match the maker -LRB- important for decor -RRB- . I have n't seen it yet , but there probably is a white one to match the white version.Pretty cool !
 I 've tried several mug warmers over the years and NONE of them have worked the way they should 've . Either they 'd get no hotter than lukewarm or they 'd be so hot to the touch that I 'd burn myself but they still would n't keep my coffee warm enough . But no more ! At last I 've found a mug warmer that gets nice and hot AND keeps my coffee at what I consider to be optimal sipping temperature -LRB- I like it pretty warm -RRB- down to the last gulp . The warmer heats up pretty quickly , too . Switch it on when you 're brewing , it 'll be up to full heat by the time you pour your first cup . Sometimes it ends up taking me a good hour to finish a 16 oz mug of coffee - the day gets going and I get busy - but today it took me 90 minutes to finish my big ol' mug o ' joe and it was perfectly hot the entire time . That 's a lot of coffee for a little warmer to keep THAT warm and this little Mr. Coffee mug warmer works fabulously ! The cord is long enough to go all the way down behind my desk -LRB- it 's a big desk -RRB- to easily place it wherever on my desk that I want and the power switch is on the warmer - not the cord itself . Just be careful that you do n't touch the hot plate part of it after it 's been on for a while because it does get HOT . Good product , let 's hope it has a long life like all of the other Mr. Coffee products I 've owned .
 This is one of the best purchases I 've made in recent memory . I do n't know if it will last a long time but it sure makes it nicer to reach over and take a sip from my beverage and find that it 's still nice and warm , no matter when I last filled it . I can get pretty focused at work and my drink turning cold is not a welcome indicator of time passing .
 I use this everyday at work , it 's great . Just like it describes , it really does n't heat UP your drink , only keeps it from getting cold . When I finish my coffee it is still the perfect temperature for drinking .
 I put 140-degree water in two identical mugs ; one on Mr. Coffee and one next to it . I took temperature readings for when the mugs were full , and when they were half-full . After 30 mins , the unheated mug dropped to about 85-degrees . Mr. Coffee kept the warmed mug to an even 120-degrees throughout the experiment ; perfect for drinking.The type of mug you use is going to greatly impact the effectiveness of Mr. Coffee . E.g. whether the entire bottom of the mug can rest on Mr. Coffee 's surface vs. if your mug has a ringed -LRB- rimmed -RRB- bottom . My experiments were done with a ringed bottom , meaning only a fraction of the cup was actually touching Mr. Coffee 's surface . I did this purposely , as I believe this is how most mugs are designed.Considering the very affordable price , the small , clean design of the product , and the demonstrated effectiveness , I give this little guy 5 stars and highly recommend it .
 I got one for myself for work , and another one for a gift for someone else . The cord is plenty long . The on/off switch is on the unit -LRB- right where it should be -RRB- , and the little red light is handy to confirm that is `` on '' . The diameter of the heating pad itself is 3-3/8 inches from inside edge to inside edge . Other people have measured 3.6 inches , but that is from the outer edge to outer edge -LRB- i.e. , the edge is beveled -RRB- . My ceramic mug/cup fits that area exactly . I tested it at work today . It was very hot to the touch -LRB- uncomfortably so -RRB- , and it kept my hot chocolate hot . Yes , the liquid was hot , not warm . The liquid was not scalding hot , but drinking hot . Very nice . I 'm very happy with my purchase , and it will make a great gift as well.I suspect that it does a better job at keeping liquid hot when the cup/mug covers most of the heating pad -LRB- like mine does -RRB- . So , if you have a cup that is wider at the top , but narrower at the bottom , then it might not keep the liquid as hot -LRB- if the cup is full -RRB- . So , I recommend going to the dollar store and getting a mug with a wide base -LRB- that 's what I did -RRB- ... just make sure that the edge of the base is 3-3/8 inches in diameter or less.Some reviewers made comments about mugs/cups being flat or not . My mug base is not flat ; it is slightly concave ; but that does n't matter ; the liquid was kept hot.keyword
 I have been using this warmer now at work for the past 3 days , and it works well for what it is designed to do - keep a hot cup of coffee hot . With the office air conditioning , it was impossible to keep coffee warm for over a couple of minutes . This little gem keeps it at just the right temperature without overheating or scorching the coffee . Features that I like
 Hey they work , I ordered one for the wife to use at the computer , now this is the third one and we have one at the jewelry table , and the living room ! ! !
 To echo the other reviews , it will only keep a warm cup warm , it will not warm up a cold cup . I am certain that the manufacturers are afraid of getting sued and do n't want to make a warmer that gets reaches higher temperatures . In spite of this one drawback I use this warmer everyday - I have one at home and one at work and they consistently meet my expectations . I would recommend plugging it into a timer outlet that you program to turn off at times you know you wo n't be around .
 Works as expected . Keeps liquids nice and warm . No complaints . Found this online for $ 6 each ! Made good gifts and handy in the garage and workshop . Like most electrical appliances , I recommend unpluging , if feasable , when not in use . I wo n't be crawling under my desk everyday to plug it in , thats for sure !
 I was expecting this to keep my coffee and other drinks warm BUT it keeps it hot ! I have to blow on my coffee or hot chocolate before I take a drink . I can walk away and come back an hour later and it is still hot ! I love this thing ! I 'm sooooo glad I bought this !
 I 'll start with some specs since Amazon is n't always good at providing them . The cord length is about 68 inches . The flat surface for the mug is 35/16 '' . The switch and indicator are on the base -LRB- not the cord -RRB- . The watt rating listed on the warmer is 17 watts , although my Kill-a-watt meter shows it drawing 12-14 watts , depending on the line voltage . There are less expensive units for sale here , but I chose the Mr. Coffee unit because of the longer cord length and the switch and indicator on the warmer rather than the cord like some models . -LRB- If you have to use an extension cord , you wo n't save much over cheaper models . -RRB- Starting with a fresh hot cup of coffee , I found it maintained a good drinking temperature , getting slightly hotter as the volume decreased in the cup . I think the price is good considering the quality and construction of the product . Recommended . I see no cons at this point , except that the underside does get a bit hot , as other reviewers have noted . I put a 41/4 '' floor tile under mine to protect my desk .
 as a handicapped person following a spinal cord injury , it has been difficult to keep food/drink warmwhen left alone . this mug warmer is the perfect answer ! it keeps my tea warm all night and day , ANDalso soup or full meals can be covered with foil and kept warm for hours , like a heat lamp in arestaurant , I was surprised . just use a typical large mug or a bowl with a large base , both should sitsnugly on mug warmer for best results . it also heats beverage from cold if you are patient , takes about an hour.I bought 3 since they 're so inexpensive , one near my pc , one on the dining table , and a spare . I highlyrecommend this warmer for computer users and office workers who like to sip all day like I do . makes agreat stocking stuffer at christmas .
 Ordered this item believing it was unit that had an auto `` ON '' switch and auto `` OFF '' after 30 minutes . Manufacturer changed to traditional `` ON/OFF '' switch . Works well , but you must remember to turn it off to avoid problems .
 After years of using the Dazey Coffee Warmer -LRB- 25 watts -RRB- I had to reluctantly replace it . I generally use large , 16 oz mugs and like my tea very hot which the Dazey maintained perfectly . The Mr. Coffee warmer -LRB- 17 watts -RRB- gives off sufficient heat and I wondered why it only maintained my beverage to a warm temperature . On examination , I found that my mug had a slightly raised ridge around the bottom -LRB- as almost all my mugs seem to have -RRB- so only the ridge actually made contact with the warming plate . The Mr. Coffee only maintains my tea at a warm temperature instead of hot . The bottom sides of the mug were very hot to the touch , however the middle part of the mug was room temperature . I did find a smaller mug that was almost flat and the bottom was much closer to the warming surface thus keeping the liquid much closer to the temperature I prefer.Various reviews state that the wattage should not matter but perhaps the 25 watts given off by the Dazey warmer was in fact the difference . The Mr. Coffee warmer does the job well IF you can find a flat bottom mug where most of the bottom mug surface comes in direct contact with the warming plate .
 I had one of those cheap USB powered drink warmers and that just was n't cutting it for me . I got this one and it works almost perfectly ! The reason I only gave it four stars was because of two reasons . First this will only keep a drink that 's already hot nice and warm , if you have a drink that 's cooled off it wo n't warm it back up . This is n't a big issue for me most of the time , but I have been known to take my mug off the warmer to take a sip , and then just put it on the table , not the warmer , and it just cools down . The second part is it does n't have any sort of automatic shut-off timer . I do a lot of work at my desk so I 'll have a cup of tea with me most of the day . I 've often gotten up to do other things and forgotten a half drank mug of tea on it . It gets annoying since , depending on how much liquid is left in it , it 'll kind of dry up on the sides , and if it 's a coffee and milk/cream drink it 'll kind of thicken and congeal and be generally gross . It 'd be nice it it had a couple different options on the switch for different hour increments , like &#34; 2hr &#34; , &#34; 4hr &#34; , &#34; 8hr &#34; , and &#34; always on &#34; . But that 's not a deal breaker and otherwise this product works very well .
 Does a good job of keeping my coffee warm until the last sip . The Light clearly indicates when it 's on .
 This keeps my coffee perfectly warm while I work and sip away . I never drink coffee fast enough at work to keep it warm all the way through . I really like being able to sit my coffee down and then come back to it when I 'm ready and it 's still piping hot .
 I 've been looking for this for a very long time and wow there it was . Great product , use it everyday
 This little warmer keeps my large cup of coffee warm -LRB- not hot -RRB- all morning . It wo n't warm cold coffee , but does a sufficient job at keeping a hot cup pretty warm . I love this addition to my desk !
 This has got to be one of the best office companions ever ! It really does work ! It does its job of keeping my coffee/tea warm . A very good buy and must have !
 I got this to keep a cup of coffee warm and it does the job . I do n't expect it to heat up anything . Two years of use and still going strong . Only 4 stars because the paint is wearing off . Seems more cosmetic than anything . Plus a plastic piece of the edge recently broke . A touch of glue fixed it and I expect it will continue do its job . It stays in one place and is n't subject to abuse or bumps etc so I was a bit taken aback by the piece breaking off .
 This little cup warmer works pretty well , but do n't think it will reheat a cup of coffee , it wo n't . It just keeps what 's in there hot . I 've found that it will heat up about a half cup from luke warm to drinking strength in about 20 minutes , but that 's about it.I use my warmer at work for my last cup of the day that I nurse for a couple hours and it 's saved me a lot of time going to and from the office kitchen to use the microwave.I wish it had an auto shut off feature , not that I 've left it on overnight , but it gets decently hot , so that could be a concern .
 The warmer is worth its money . Start with a fresh hot cup of coffee or tea and it will stay warm all day . It will warm cool fluids but it will take a while . I 'll be purchasing a second one for my home office .
 This is the real deal . I drink tea , made with steeped tea leaves rather than tea bags , from a big ceramic mug . It takes me a good two hours to finish the mug as , like a lot of folks I get busy working , and forget about it . So I was always going from hot tea to virtually iced tea by the time I finished . This keeps the mug at sipping temperature for hours . Like other reviewers , it wo n't heat it up , but it will keep it hot . I turn it on when I bring my tea to my desk and that works fine - does n't need to be pre-heated . Simple switch and the long cord really is and in my case was essential . Also , the mug plate is plenty big enough to accomodate my cereamic mug . Do n't know how I lived without it . One other note . I tried to find it at Target , Wal-Mart and even specialty cooking stores in the big city , and no one carried it . Could only find it on the internet .
 great for those of us who forget our coffee when doing tasks . No more cold coffee .
 A bit of background information : My grandfather taught me how to shave using his old Gillette Super Speed safety razor , a badger hair brush , and shaving soap . I still use a safety razor , shaving soap , and a badger brush as it seems to give me a noticeably smoother shave than using newfangled multi-bladed razors like the Mach3 and the Quattro.I 've been in the market for a way to keep my shaving lather nice and hot , as I 'm a three-pass shaver . I happened to be in Wal-Mart recently purchasing a thermos and I saw this nearby and I decided to give it a whirl , as I whip up my lather in a ceramic mug . After a few days of tweaking , I 've found that whipping up your lather first and placing it on the warmer while you hop in the shower gives the device just enough time to heat the ceramic up and bring your shaving lather up to just the right temperature . It wo n't keep your lather `` hot '' , as it would be in a high-end barber shop , but its definitely a step up from your lather going cold or lukewarm during a shave.My only regret is buying it on impulse at Wal-Mart ; it was $ 8.97 . Once again , Amazon.com comes through with the best price . Live and learn , I suppose .
 Literally - if you want to keep a cup of coffee or tea warm , very warm , on a mug warmer , put a lid on the cup.I have the Mr Coffee mug warmer and it works just fine when I do this.But do n't expect one of these to reheat a cold mug , unless you have all day .
 If you 're looking for a device for heating up cold drinks , try a microwave . However , if you have a warm or hot beverage you can be sure it will remain so for hours and hours ! I drink tea all day , and it would frequently get cold in less than an hour . Every time I walked away from my desk to take care of things in other parts of the office , I knew I 'd have to take my tea to the microwave again once I was done . Now I do n't have to hurry back to my desk , or chug my drink , or make dozens of trips to the microwave ! Keep in mind the temperature will vary based on how big the mug is and how much liquid is in it - but a full 8-12oz mug will stay `` drinkably '' warm forever . Beware , the less liquid in the mug , the hotter it gets ! But it never gets so scalding that you ca n't drink it , which is lovely . I am so happy with this product , I should n't have waited so long to get one !
 This warmer not only keeps beverage warm but also makes the drink hotter than when I poured it . I will get 2 more for the office .
 I got it a couple of days ago , and ca n't stop being excited by it . A 10 am cup of tea is still pretty hot at 1 pm . It 's not burning hot , but on the other hand , I do n't like my drinks burning hot to begin with . It keeps the drink nice and warm for as long as you want , and is great for the slow-drinkers like me .
 My mother got me this for Christmas and and so far it has been great ! I use ceramic mugs at work and it keeps my coffee/tea/cocoa nice and warm for hours.Tips : - Place your cup in the warmer while its still hot and it will retain temperature better-I use a mug with a lid which helps keep it HOT -LRB- the sell fun ones at World Market :[ ... -RSB-
 I bought this for the office so I was n't constantly having to reheat my coffee cup . It works wonderfully . The plate keeps a hot cup hot . The plate actually gets hot enough almost like a coffee pot burner . If some coffee drips down the cup and I sit it on this plate it will sizzle a bit . An auto off would be nice but for $ 10 I ca n't complain . It 's just that I left this thing on over night with a little coffee in the bottom and came in to the office the next morning with motor oil that I had to clean out .
 I bought this to keep on my desk as work . I LOVE having it ! I do n't have to run to the microwave every 10 minutes to keep my coffee warm ! I very highly recommend this for all those coffee lovers : -RRB-
 Works like a charm ! Heats my coffee -LRB- & tea -RRB- when I forget to drink it . Recommend to everyone who loves their coffee hot .
 This is so simple to use . I gave it as a gift to a neighbor lady and she enjoys it .
 This keeps my coffee hot until I am done in the morning . I turn it on , go make coffee in the break room at work , set my mug down , and my coffee stays hot all morning .
 i set my coffee on it at 8 and it is still HOT at noon !!! I have tried many many mug warmers this one works !
 Thank you for this product . Works like a charm . It keeps the liquid warm as long as you want . Great stuff .
 I was n't expecting too much from this , but it actually kept my drink and mug really warm ! I decided to give it a good test and I had hot tea in a taller mug and left it for several hours . The tea is still very warm ! It 's actually a perfect drinking temperature for me . I tend to drink slowly , and my drink always gets cold before I 'm done , so I am very pleased with this mug warmer .
 I like my mug warmer . It keeps my coffee hot . Now , if I could remember to turn it off , all would be wonderful .
 Easy order , quick ship , good price , and keeps my coffee hot . Easy On/Off switch and an indicator light to let you know if it 's on . Might get a few later on for gifts .
 keeps my coffe at a great temperature at all times and it does n't take long to heat up , one of the best things i have ever ordered .
 This surely does the job of keeping your beverage warm . I wish it had some setting for a timer but i have yet to forget to turn it off .
 If you like to sip your coffee over a long stretch and do n't care for insulated car-cups , this device is perfect . I put a hot mug of coffee on it when I arrive at work , and it keeps the coffee at a perfect drinking temperature all day . And the price is right!I wish I 'd bought one years ago .
 I 'm a slow drinker , I sip from my mug all day while I work , so I wanted something to keep my coffee and tea hot , without me having to pop my mug in the microwave -LRB- Which still really does n't solve the cold coffee/tea problem , since I tend to heat it up then get dragged away from my desk for 20 minutes , only to return to cold mug . Again . -RRB- For $ 10 , this is worth the bang for your buck . True , it does n't get really hot , but I 've gotten half a mug of cold tea to warm temperatures just by leaving it on this hotplate . What I think it 's really better for is keeping hot drinks hot for longer periods of time , so I can get called away from my desk and still come back to a hot cup of coffee . So I 'm deducting a star , because it does n't really heat up drinks , but very useful for keeping drinks hot , or at least warm enough to feel good while drinking .
 I use this product every single day at work . I do n't like to chug my coffee generally and it takes me as long as two hours to finish my first cup in the morning . Inevitably I 'd have to resort to microwaving the mug to get the coffee hot again . With this warmer I never have to worry about it and my coffee stays at a drinkable temperature indefinitely . For $ 10 you can not go wrong with this product . Highly highly highly recommended !
 Works great , keeps my coffee warm while I 'm at my computer . Great price and great results . I would highly recommend buying this product .
 This is a mug warmer that I have purchased before for my sister-in-law 's 92 year old father . He does n't drink as fast as he used to so this keeps his hot drinks warmer . It is a big hit with him .
 I enjoy good coffee . I spend money on quality beans , grind them to perfection , put them in a high end coffee maker with high quality water . The coffee is good . Very good . However , as soon as I get to my desk , the phone rings or I get caught up in something , and my very good coffee is cold before I know it.Since I bought this $ 10 marvel of modern engineering , those days are behind me . Just turn it on , put your cup on -LRB- ceramic or glass works best , I 've found -RRB- , and you 'll have just-hot-enough coffee all day long . At the perfect drinking temperature . It 's like this was built for goldilocks , the coffee is not too hot , not too cold ... just right!tl ; dr - if you drink coffee and hate when it gets cold , buy this thing . you 'll be happy .
 I get busy on my computer and would forget my coffee finding it cold all the time ! BUT NOT ANYMORE !! This thing is GREAT . Coffee is always the perfect temp for drinking . I would recommend this to any one who drinks coffee .
 This is the second one I tried . It actually works . It does get really hot , though . I would n't want very young children too near it .
 Ok , so I never finished my coffee before I got this since it always got cold . -LRB- Nothing like cold java on a winter 's day with the a/c on in the office . -RRB- So , I gave this gadget a shot . If you are a coffee sipper like me and do n't gulp your coffee in 2 minutes , this is the perfect product for you . It keeps hot cocoa , coffee , and tea and even cup-a-soups at the perfect sipping temperature.The only drawback is that once you are almost done with your drink , you must remember to turn off the switch . Ca n't blame the manufacturer , though . I forgot to shut mine off and a couple of hours later , my half a cup of coffee became a shot of espresso . Not so yummy .
 I 'm very pleased with this attractive , effective coffee warmer . It 's nice to look at , easy to turn on and off , and it keeps my desktop coffee warm . I would buy another of these , and recommend it to those looking for an effective , stylish coffee cup warmer .
 I have a habit of milking my coffee when I 'm at the office . I 'll sip on the same cup for a couple of hours . Without a microwave nearby I would usually waste half a cup because it would get too cold . The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer is so beautifully simple - it does exactly what it needs to do - no more , no less . It keeps your beverage warm and it does a great job . I recommend that you use it as soon as you get your coffee , tea , etc. because it does n't do a spectacular job of re-warming a cold cup but if you use it from the start it will keep it a perfect warm temperature for hours . It fits a range of mug sizes and fits compactly on my desk . The only drawback is that it does n't shut itself off but on the rare occasion that I 've left it on overnight , it did n't burn the building down - not that I 'm advocating 24 hour use . This simple product has made my workday mornings more enjoyable and more productive .
 The product is excellent . keeps my tea warm till the last drop ever after 2 hours . I absolutely love it and would highly recommend it .
 I finally found a cup warmer that actually keeps my coffee hot ! I have a very narrow threshold of how hot I like my coffee -LRB- piping hot , if it gets even remotely cooler , I ca n't stand it -RRB- . This unit keeps it at nearly the optimal temperature.To further optimize my coffee temperature control , I bought a Titanium coffee mug from REI -LRB- very thin with great heat transfer -RRB- for about 30 $ . This set-up is perfect . I can walk away from my desk for any amount of time and return to a perfectly hot cup!You do have to start with a hot cup of joe to begin with though .
 I 've looked in stores for this item with no luck . I finally decided to check at Amazon . Found it , ordered it , and use it daily . Thanks for fast and courteous service .
 I used this to use as a wax warmer . I make wax at home and needed something to keep it warm while using it . Does a good job and was a cheap investment .
 My husband is an avid coffee drinker and this is just the right size and temperature to keep his drink warm . Can be turned off or on without difficulty .
 I got this for my desk at work so I could nurse my coffee without it getting cold . I love it . My coffee stays warm , and I see no signs of burning/damage on the bottom of my mug . My dad uses one at night for his tea while watching TV . A great gadget , especially for people who are hard to shop for.UPDATE
 works great to keep my coffee warm at my desk . Now I do n't have to go to the microwave all morning to warm my coffee . Does n't keep the coffee really hot , but hot enough .
 I like to sip on hot coffee while I 'm getting ready in the AMs . So I pour myself a cup of hot coffee and take my mug of coffee to the bathroom and place it on my Mr. Coffee mug warmer . While I am showering , drying my hair , getting dressed , etc. , my coffee stays hot ... at about the same temp as it was poured . The warmer works great . The only improvement would possibly be an automatic shut-off after , say , two hours , as once in a while in my dash to get to work , I forget to turn it off . But overall , this basic little warmer is a great product for the affordable rate !
 I was n't sure how well this would work based on some of the other reviews that I read , but I 'm happy that I took a risk and placed an order . I have to say , for the money , this product is really great . As other reviewers have mentioned , it will NOT heat your drinks , but it WILL keep them warm . Personally , I think my drinks remain at a perfect temperature thanks to the warmer -LRB- and I use big mugs -RRB- . I spend much of my time working at the computer and this is perfect for what I need . Too often I was reheating my drinks ... it was just annoying . I like this mug warmer so much , in fact , that I plan on ordering another one . I think I need one for upstairs to keep by my computer and one to keep downstairs in the kitchen . I 've seen these advertised -LRB- for more than $ 8 -RRB- around the holidays in flyers like Bed , Bath and Beyond , but I think it 's a seasonal product because they did n't have them in stock at the store when I checked . I do think this would make a good gift if you know anyone that works long hours in front of the computer .
 Received this as a gift from my wish list and LOVE it . I read many reviews that said it kept it only lukewarm . I have not had that experience . I did read that the more of the bottom of the mug that can touch the burner , the better . That is true . The mug I chose to use does an okay job at that ; but I turn on the burner before I go get my hot drink and it does keep it plenty warm . I also found a mug at World Market that has a little ceramic lid . I 've used that and it stays even warmer with the lid!I have certainly enjoyed not running to the microwave so often . Great product !!! Highly recommended !
 The Mr Coffee mug warmer is just what it should be . It is sleek , small , but has a wide enough hot base for a nice large cup , and it is hot enough to keep coffee or tea hot . I use it when writing all the time . author of
 I purchased this item for my husband for Valentine 's Day . He is always complaining that his coffee gets cold when he is at his computer . Now this sits next to his monitor and there have been no more complaints about cold coffee . Some mugs seem to work better than others in transmitting the heat , but none get so hot that it causes the handle to be uncomfortable . He loves it !
 This warmer is exactly as advertised . Of course it wo n't warm cold water but it does keep beverages hot . I placed a mug of hot chocolate direct from the micro wave on the warmer and 21/2 hours later it was hotter than before . My wife loves it . She does n't have to bug me to get up and heat her beverages anymore .
 I really like this item . So long as you remember that you must start out with hot coffee this warmer will work fine . My mug is not flat on the bottom and has about a 1/8 '' ridge around the circumference . Not a problem . Enjoy your `` cuppa '' , no matter what . Note that I 'm saying `` mug '' here and not `` cup '' . I can only vouch for how well this item works on plain old mugs . My guess is that it ca n't work well on fine china cups ; the kind with a bowl shape that are easy to tip . Also , I like to heat my empty mug on the warmer for a couple of minutes so it is warm when I fill it . It works really well that way !
 I have read bad reviews of this product and I think the expectations were n't reasonable!What this warmer does is give me back the bottom inch of my coffee , which I 've never finished because I ca n't stand lukewarm coffee . The top half is always piping hot , but I suck that down right away anyway . This warmer keeps the bottom of my mug ready to drink when I get to it.I got jewelry for Christmas and I love it , but this is the best gift that will truly keep on giving.If you want your full drink to stay piping hot for any time , I suggest do n't pour it til you 're ready to drink ! If you want a place to set your coffee that will keep you sipping hot coffee to the bottom , this is your product !!!!!
 A lot of people complaining about this product not keeping things hot enough or not heating drinks . I found this to do a great job of keeping my tea hot from start to finish . Cups with concave bottoms will obviously not heat as well as cups/mugs with flatter bottoms . The price is right so I purchased 2 -LRB- one for home office and one for living room -RRB- . Very happy with purchase - use the right mug and you will not be disappointed .
 If you 're like me , you take a long time to finish a cup of coffee . I 've been known to stick my cup in the microwave multiple times before I finish it . It finally dawned on me to try a mug warmer . I ordered one two weeks ago to use upstairs when I 'm getting ready in the morning . I was so impressed with it that I ordered a second one this week to use downstairs.This mug warmer delivers perfectly . It keeps your coffee at the perfect , hot-but-drinkable temperature it has when you first pour the cup . The cord is a good length , the indicator light helps you remember when it 's on or off , and the heating surface is wide enough to accommodate any size cup or mug.I was skeptical about using it with mugs that do not have flat bottoms . Some of my coffee mugs ' bottoms are more concave than others , which varies the surface area that comes into contact with the mug warmer . I have been pleasantly surprised - even with mugs that just have a thin rim on the bottom that touches the mug warmer , it still keeps the coffee hot.I would highly recommend this mug warmer .
 This is a great little desktop warmer . My only gripe , and it 's a minor one , is that the switch could be easier to flip .
 Expected Mug warmer to keep tea/coffee lukewarm . Totally surprised and pleased to discover it keeps drinks hot and will even heat up a cup of tea that has cooled off in the teapot if given time .
 I really like this gadget . It does n't get too hot , it just keeps my coffee from getting cold , which is exactly what I wanted . The design is attractive . I wish it had an automatic shut-off . I accidentally left it on over a weekend . Not good . That coffee was still warm , though ! Although a bit crispy . As always , Amazon 's service and shipping were exceptional .
 The Mr. Coffee Mug warmer is a handy and convenient accessory for both my computer workspace and on my bedside reading table .
 I use this in my office to keep a small 19oz pocelien coffee kettle full of coffee warm after I make coffee in my french press . It is very efficient at keeping my coffee warm throughout the working day . At first I was under the impression this was usb powered but I am ok with it being powered by a standard plug .
 I 'm one of those people that takes hours to finish a mug of coffee at work , and hate when it gets cold . This mug warmer is great ! Like others have said in their reviews , the warmer tends to keep beverages hotter when there is less in the mug , especially less than half . I use it every day at work -LRB- about five weeks now -RRB- and I 'm very happy . A lot of people complained that some warmers do n't work with certain mugs , but this one works well with a random mug I picked up at Stop & Shop .
 As the title says , this item functions better than I expected . Definitely does the job of keeping your cup o ' joe nice and warm . The product design is unobtrusive too and better than many I compared to before making my selection . Definitely recommend !
 Mr. Coffee mug warmer
 Bought a few of these warmers from my local massive supermarket because I needed them quick . Payed a few dollars more . Had experience with a coffee warmer before and loved it , but as you know , they always make stuff better in the old days . I did not think at 17w that it would be as good as the one I remember . But I bought a few to try them anyway . I work at a coffee shop , and we have quite a few people that drink straight coffee , and can not drink it fast enough to keep it warm . I have used mine non stop while here for my coffee.I do n't know if people are usually in a hurry and want this thing to heat up their cold cup of coffee or what . But my coffee starts at about 160-180 depending how long it has been in the airpot . And though I have not tested it for temperature yet , for me even after two hours it is Perfect drinking temperature , If I had to guess it is 120-130 . If you drink your coffee 160 or above , and keep the same coffee to sip on all day , get a flipping thermos . If you like luke hot coffee to drink , this thing is for you . Start with hot coffee , and enjoy . It will not heat up a cold cup of coffee , but will definitely keep a warm cup warm enough to be happy to drink.I am pleased with it , and at 17watts , I have multiple bulbs on right now that draw five times that . So wattage is nothing.If I can get around to it , I will measure the temp in a few hours . Also , if you are keeping the same cup of coffee on it all day , refresh the cup man , having something always heating up your coffee will either kill the flavor or if you have cream in it , it will start to make it rancid . Because keep in mind the temperature at which you drink coffee can grow bacteria . Nothing to be worried about , but something to think about if you have the same coffee sitting at 120 all day in the open air . : -RRB- Updated
 A lot of reviewers have stated that this hot plate does not get warm enough to keep your coffee hot . I disagree , but also think I know why they are having that experience . How well this warmer works is extremely sensitive to the shape of your coffee mug , in particular the way that the bottom makes contact with the burner . I did some controlled experiments to determine how much heat this warmer puts into a liquid in a cup and found as much as 30 degrees of variation between different mugs of the same or similar material.The bottom line is that any hotplate style coffee warmer depends on maximum surface area contact with the bottom of your mug . If you have a mug that is broad and flat at the bottom , filling the heating surface of the warmer , it will work great . If you mug is very narrow at the bottom or arches up so that only the edge is touching , the heater can not be as effective.You should either buy a different mug , or forego this energy wasting method altogether , in favor of a well-insulated stainless steel vacuum mug like the ones from Contigo . Personally , I like the taste of coffee best out of a real mug , so I continue to use this warmer , just with a broad based mug .
 Mr. Coffee MWBLK Mug WarmerThis warmer is a replacement for a warmer I have used for more than ten years . This warmer is terrific ; I actually had to turn it off when my beverage got too hot . If I knew how much better this warmer would be , I would have pruchased it years ago .
 This warmer gets pretty darn hot . The problem is that most cups have a concave bottom which means the only cup contact with the warmer is the rim of the cup base . This will keep a full cup warm but the more you drink the warmer the beverage gets . It 's a matter of contact area x amount to warm . If you want a full hot cup I suggest you try to find a flat bottom cup or mug . A warm full cup is not the fault of the warmer . Trust me , it gets hot enough you wo n't want to touch it . I 'm ordering a second one now and I 'm not so fussy that I 'll look for a flat bottom mug to go with it .
 I love my espresso machine and really enjoy my morning cup of coffee . Problem is I dont chug it gone but rather sip it slowly and enjoy it and by the time the cup is half gone its already cold . I hoped this product would allow my cup to sit on my desk and keep my cup of coffee warm down to the last drop and it does just that ! I put it to the test for the first use , timing the start time of putting my freshly made latte on the warmer to the last drink and an hour and a half later my last sip was still warm . :-RRB- Now if only it will continue to perform for a good while ... that will be the next test . If -LRB- when -RRB- it dies they sell this at bed bath and beyond -LRB- the exact same one -RRB- and they have life time replacement when you keep your receipt and the packaging -LRB- everything I buy there I take the receipt and stuff it in the box and stash it in the garage just in case -RRB- I will definitely replace it from there and always have a working product to keep my coffee warm down to the last sip . I could have gone to bbb upfront but ordered it here to get my sons item he wanted shipped free by spending the $ 25 needed to reach free shipping . We will see how long it last . I will update if it dies out quickly . I will be using it every day once a day for aprox an hour or so each day ...
 I wanted to cut down on the amount of coffee I drank and realized one of the main reasons why I top-off is because it cooled down . Once I got my mug warmer I can now happily sip my cup of coffee throughout the day and it keeps it at just the right temperature . Not blazingly hot but just under that . I 've been using it 5 days a week 10 hours a day for 2 months and it has been a solid performer .
 I bought this mug warmer because I often make myself a cup of coffee then forget to drink it . This mug warmer is helpful . It will keep a full mug luke-warm , not hot , although the less coffee in the mug the hotter it will be . It certainly is handy to have and for the price I would recommend it .
 Today was the first time that I kept this on all day at work . I sip a little tea here and there , then I forget that I made it ! Today I had a sore throat and decided that a cup of hot tea would help . I made it at 8:00 this morning . At 4:00 p.m. the tea was still hot ! I told you I only sip it here and there . I was using a ceramic mug , which stayed warm on the outside . Tea was a perfect temperature to drink , even at 4:00 p.m. I 'm going to buy more as gifts now ! You will not regret purchasing this if you tend to leave a cup of tea or coffee lay for a little while . No more nuking it !
 Fits 8 oz . Gigi wax cans to the millimeter . Do n't know how long it would take to liquify a full can , but does n't take too long for a 1/2 full can . Compact , clean design , costs less than similar items marketed specifically as wax warmers .
 I HAVE to have my coffee -LRB- or tea -RRB- HOT !!! These little mug warmers work well . I have them all over the house , anywhere I may sit and drink my favorite hot beverage
 Even keeps my paper coffee cups warm without melting the wax on the cup ! A must have for the price !
 I ordered one as a Christmas gift for a friend and one for myself . Decided to use mine first to make sure that it really did the trick . Works great . Love it ! No more cold coffee . Ca n't wait for friend to open hers .
 Keeps drinks hot enough when used with a normal mug . Using an overly large mug seems to dissipate heat more . For best results I swirl the beverage when I take a sip to keep the temperature consistent inside .
 Does exactly what it is supposed to do . Keeps warm beverages warm . No , it will not heat a cold cup of coffee nor will it keep your beverage at scalding temperatures . But if you put your mug on it will your drink is still at least lukewarm , this doo-dad will keep it warm enough so that it 's still pleasant to drink . To give you an idea of how hot this thing gets , the plate is warm enough that it * could * burn you if you left your hand on it , but will not burn with a quick touch .
 Very good warmer . I like the design , it keeps my drinks at a very good drinking temperature till the last sip . I would buy this again .
 I received one of this as a gift , as I am almost always drinking coffee and the people in my office wanted to do something nice for me . It 's ok . It does keep your coffee -LRB- or other hot beverage -RRB- warm , but it 's not much better than using a really good insulated cup or Thermos . Not something I 'd buy for myself , but it was a very thoughtful gift .
 I bought this for my 79 year old mom and her friends . It is very difficult for them to get up and down and the warmers keep their coffee hot while they enjoy reading their newspaper everyday . Excellent product and shipped fast . Great gift ideas .
 I bought this warmer hoping it would get hotter than a candle warmer and it does . Keeps coffee perfectly hot . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great product to KEEP coffee warm . It wo n't heat the coffee , but if you put a warm cup of coffee on it , it will stay warm . It is so nice to have a way to keep it warm so I do n't have to get up every 30 minutes and microwave my coffee . Great price also .
 I am the person who orders latte 's Extra Hot . I just ca n't stand luke-warm coffee , lattes , etc , and even worse if the taste of reheated coffee . So my genius boyfriend bought me this mug warmer about 2 years ago , and I keep it on my desk at work . This is how to use it :1 -RRB- First thing in the morning , turn on the mug warmer with empty ceramic coffee mug on it to pre-heat your mug .2 -RRB- Once the mug is hot pour hot , fresh-brewed coffee in it .3 -RRB- Sip your hot coffee for hours!Don ' t have the impression that this product will heat your beverage from cold . Also , beware that if there is only a sip or two left in your mug , the coffee will burn . Another tip , if you use this for tea , be sure to turn of the mug warmer or remove your tea bag asap after you have enjoyed the beverage . Otherwise , the teabag will melt/burn and get stuck in the mug -LRB- easy enough to clean though . -RRB-
 This mug warmer works perfectly , i have a ceramic mug with a pretty concave bottom and this warmer keeps my coffee warm as long as i use it . Every review i read for this -LRB- and all the others -RRB- mug warmer complained about one thing or another , but i put hot coffee in a standard ceramic mug with a concave bottom on it and it keeps my coffee pretty hot . Other than that i do n't know what else it should do .
 It is a quality product , but I would prefer a somewhat larger hot plate surface . Full-sized coffee cups run to the edge of the hot plate surface , and it seems the plate 's perimeter is not quite as hot as the inner area , as the larger cups just do n't maintain as high a temperature as this product does for the smaller cups . It does work well with the smaller-sized cups .
 This coffee warmer is one of the best things I have bought in awhile ... and that 's saying something ! I bought 2 of them and my wife and I use them everyday with our coffee and tea . It 's winter time right now , and we can enjoy our hot beverages at our own pace without worrying about our beverages getting cold . This is especially great for my wife since she can take up to 2 hours to finish a cup of coffee -LRB- lol -RRB- . All in all , this a great purchase . I have no problems whatsoever ... and I highly recommend it .
 This is by far one of the best purchases I have made in years ! Received in perfect condition , in original packaging . Keeps my coffee hot , but not too hot . Easy on/off switch and there is a decent size red light that shows when it is on . Use it at work daily and recommend it to all my friends .
 The amount of heat it gives to your drink definitely depends on the glass , and whether you have a lid.One day I had a relatively flat-surfaced mug with a plastic lid on top . It kept it so hot after about 5 hours that I could n't even drink it quickly !
 I checked several reviews and ended up purchasing this one . It was a great decision !! It keeps my coffee hot and will even warm up a half full cup of cold coffee . I recommend this to everyone . Well worth the price . My wife loved it also . I gave it to her for Christmas .
 Nothing is more annoying that leaving your coffee for a moment only to return to a cold cup of creamer n sugar . Some like it hot , i like it WARM ! This product works great and lives up to it 's name . It 's very affordable and is an easy gift idea that just about anyone that drinks hot beverages would appreciate . It 's been very good to me over the holiday season . The only downside is of course the cord , i mean im happy that you plug it in and it 's not battery operated , but the cord can get in the way depending on where you place the warmer and can sometimes create a tripping hazard . Other than that , I 'm down with this product . Do n't you think it 's time to warm YOUR mug ?
 i use this to keep tea warm , to warm candles in small tins or jars instead of lighting and wasting them , and for keeping my lunches in glass tupperware warm at my desk at work ! -LRB- so i dont have to make 3 trips to and from the breakroom because my food got cold hahaalso ill add that this little guy will heat up about a half full cup of COLD of coffee or tea if you put a cover on the top to keep the heat in.VERY PLEASED !
 For $ 8 I ca n't find anything to fault -- it does what it says it does.I like to get up early and spend a couple of hours at my desk with a hot cup of coffee or tea . I use a ceramic mug , and typically after 15 minutes or so the contents is luke warm , and in half an hour it 's cold . Using this warmer , the beverage is still quite warm after 30 minutes -LRB- at which point is usually time for a refill -RRB- . The plate itself gets too hot too hold your hand to.How well it works will depend a good bit on the size of the mug material , the size of the base -LRB- mine just about matches the plate -RRB- , and the amount of direct contact -LRB- mine is a bit concave , so not all of it contacts the plate -RRB- . Otherwise it 's pretty basic . The cord is long enough for most needs -LRB- without being too long -RRB- , and the simple on/off switch is right on the top of the unit . I 'm happy enough with it that I 'm going to order another to bring to work .
 I am constantly having to make trips to the microwave to heat up my tea , coffee , or hot chocolate . I 'm a slow drinker , I ca n't help it . I do n't like to gulp my drinks I like to enjoy them . Sometimes for over an hour ! And I have high temperature standards . I like my beverages borderline scalding . That being said , I had doubts that this little gadget would keep my beverages HOT -LRB- not warm -RRB- . It does a great job . Other reviewers are correct in that it will not reheat cold beverages but if you put them on the warmer when they are already hot enough to your liking , it will keep it that way for hours . Highly recommend for any slow drinkers out there . Should have gotten one years ago.Update
 this was the 3rd one i have bought and tried . Finally found what I wanted ! this keeps my coffee hot ! and it will even heat up cold coffee in about 15 min !! I would deffinately tell everyone to buy this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I drink coffee all day long . Or I should say sip my coffee . A large cup lasts me a couple hours . But I have to leave my office and go to the microwave in the kitchen several times a day . This mug warmer does a great job for me keeping my coffee hot . I can say Mr. Coffee did good .
 I am no longer plagued with cold coffee . The Mr. Coffee mug warmer keeps it at just the right temperature .
 I was a bit leary about ordering this as there were a number of complaints that it did n't work . I have a unfinished basement workshop and right now it 's about 60 degrees in there . My coffee stays warm for about fifteen minutes normally and now sitting on the warmer for about an hour and a half my coffee is staying warm . It 's not steaming hot but it 's warm which is more than it is without it . Works for me .
 I had a very nice Christmas -LRB- thanks for asking ! -RRB- , and I got lots of nice gifts . But the best gift of all that I received was the smallest item of them all . Mr Coffee Mug Warmer , take a bow ... Truly , this mug warmer * really has changed the quality of my life significantly over the last few weeks . Now , you might read that statement and think , ` wow , your life must really suck for it to be possible for a mug warmer to make it better ' . But no , my life does n't suck . I just really , really like hot tea . You see , I work at home . And I do n't have any work colleagues to shoot the s *** with - so , to keep me on my toes , I use caffeine . Lots and lots of caffeine . But , much as I like caffeine -LRB- delivered through the medium of tea and , of course , it 's more sultry sister , coffee -RRB- , I get very sad when it goes cold . Indeed , taking a swig of cold tea or coffee is about as pleasant an experience as , say , getting smacked in the face with a wet pair of underpants -LRB- we 've all been there , right ? -RRB- Anyway , so I got this mug warmer and I switched it on and , lo and behold , there are no more such unpleasant moments in my life anymore -LRB- until someone turns up with a pair of wet underpants anyway -RRB- . One of the small but incredibly irritating daily occurrences that I had come to think was inescapable has now been resolved ! -LRB- Yes , things can actually get better ! -RRB- So now , when I am distracted by a Skype call or any other task and so have to abandon my tea for 20 or 30 minutes , I can now confidently return to it knowing that it will still be piping hot -LRB- or very warm at least -RRB- and utterly satisfying.In other words , this mug warmer product delivers the goods and then some . The tyranny of cold tea has been defeated . And the misery of having to trudge downstairs to heat it back up in the microwave is no more . -LRB- Heck , at this rate I might never need to move from my office chair again - progress , eh ? -RRB- But seriously , if you want a cheap mug warmer that keeps your drink at approximately the same temperature as you prepared it at , then this warmer will do the job nicely . I leave it on all day -LRB- yes , us home workers are total rebels , did n't you know ? -RRB- and it has paid for itself many , many times over by now . * One thing that I have to say is that , while brilliant , this product is NOT a ` warmer ' - i.e. it does not * warm * your drink up at all . Rather , it * maintains * your drink at approximately the same temperature as you prepared it at and for a good length of time . For example , if I prepare a cup of tea -LRB- which I am about to go an do , by the way -RRB- , and put it on the warmer , it 'll keep it at the same temperature - with only a very slight loss of heat - for up to an hour and beyond . As a voracious tea drinker , I 've never actually let a mug linger long enough to see if there is indeed a point at which it will lose all heat . So surely that 's a good sign , no?Bottom line
 Suprisingly this thing works pretty darn well ! I was hesitant on buying it because some people were complaining that it wont heat up a cold cup of coffee . That is just not realistic , this is made for keeping a warm/hot cup of coffee hot , not heating up a cold one . If you buy this with the right expectations you will be really impressed ! Ive been using it everyday for the last 3 months and it hasnt failed me yet ! Would definatly recomment !
 Pleased with the how the coffee warmer works . Instead of taking a trip to the microwave half way through my morning cup I can now drink the whole thing nice and warm . Does n't keep the coffee real hot but it does the job pretty nicely .
 A nifty little product that does just as its name suggests -- it keeps hot liquids quite warm , down to the last drop so you do n't end up having to drink cold coffee -LRB- or tea or cocoa -RRB- from your mug , ever.I like that the cord is long enough that I can safely scoot it out of the way , yet it remains plugged in -- I previously bought another brand mug warmer which such a short cord that it was impractical to use , as the cord kept getting -LRB- accidentally -RRB- yanked out of the outlet . Not good.The red indicator light clearly informs you when the unit is on , and is easy to see . The warmer fits typical sized mugs , so can be used with just about any mug you happen to have . All in all , I highly recommend this upgrade to your hot drink experience .
 I am an avid tea drinker and this little product has made tea drinking so much better ! I drink from a ceramic coffee mug , which the mug warmer keeps perfectly warm . It is perfect ! I use it all the time !
 Love this coffee mug warmer . It 's wide enough to fit my large based coffee mug and is small enough that it can sit anywhere on my desk without really getting in the way.I 'm giving this 4 stars because I wish it had either an automatic shut off after 3 hours or a 3rd option -LRB- besides on/off -RRB- to turn itself off after an hour . One time I left work and accidentally left it running with a 1/4 cup of coffee on it and by the next morning it had reduced the liquid down to a thick syrup . Coffee reduction sauce anyone ??
 This little thing for 9.99 is just mind-blowing and amazing . I thought today if I do n't review this it is not fair . This little thing has so much of power . I use it EVERYDAY . For the past year or so . I have forgotten and slept over night leaving it switched on for like Eight Hours of time that is not including the usage of during the day time . The best value product I have ever bought for 9.99 . I used it everyday and still using it . If I can give it a Ten Stars I will give it . Do n't think just buy it . Just a tip have cover on top of your Coffee or Tea where it will stay hot as you just made it . Two thumbs up and Ten Stars .
 This product does a nice job at keeping my coffee warm . I tend to take a while to drink my coffee , and the Mr. Coffee warmer does the job for me . The only thing missing is some kind of auto-shut off . Left it on overnight once , and all I could smell was burnt coffee the next morning .
 The Product came and i immediately went to try it out , it did not get extremely boiling hot , but if you drop some water on it then it sizzles , so if you like your drinks steaming hot then this is not the right product , but if you want to keep a hot drink warm , than this is a great choice ! : -RRB-
 Make sure you heat up your drink nicely before you put it on the warmer and your drink stays hot until you finish it.I like it .
 Cold coffee has it 's place , but if I am drinking a hot cup of coffee I expect it to be hot from the start until the end . This product ensures my coffee does n't go cold before I can finish it . Until someone comes up with a coffee cup that I can plug into my USB port , this fits the bill .
 Nice heating element for keeping coffee hot ! If I am just sipping coffee , it keeps it hot while I am busy .
 I finally can take a sip of hot coffee when I have the moment to do so . Very nice to be able to get through the day 's tasks AND get a sip of warm coffee to open the eyes in the morning and pick me up in the afternoon .
 I should have bought two !! I hate lukewarm coffee but as a busy mom it is inevitable . This little device actually keeps it hot as I make everyone breakfast . I move it to my office when they go to school so it stays hot while I work . I wish it had an auto off after a few hours . I 'm constantly leaving things on that should be shut off . Other than that I love it
 Mr. Coffee had a very good warmer coffee on my mug cup . Before I bought it , I was usually my mug cup of coffee only warmer less than 10 min to become cold coffee , I was put it in a microwave to reheater mug cup then they went become cold after 15 mins . Now , I use a warmer heater which is stayed warmer till fill it up a coffee will stays warmer an hour , hour , hour forever is excellent it so much . I love it so much better than life without warmer .
 Does exactly what it 's described to do . Keeps my coffee warm for hours . I do n't think it would be hot enough to make a cold cup warm , but that 's not it 's intent .
 Have been using coffee warmers since before they were called &#34; candle warmers &#34; ! this one looks nice and professional and has an indicator light which will help remind you to turn it off after use . I also like that the on/off switch is there on the base and not on the cord.try one and see how much more you enjoy your coffee !
 He loves that he now has warm coffee ! He 's a mechanic and the shop gets very cold , this keeps his coffee hot all day .
 Stays in place even on my slippery end tables . Keeps coffee warm ... better in some of my ceramic mugs than others ... tall mugs that are wider at the top , do n't heat up to the top , but generally my normal size mugs are kept at a drinkable temperature allowing me to enjoy my coffee for a longer time . The cord is exceptionally long ... nice perk . Has a turn on turn off button , with a red alert light when on . Nice purchase .
 Using it in a commercial space to warm candles and it works great . We were concerned the heating element would be inconsistent but that issue has n't emerged . Received in a couple of days .
 Just finishing my first week of using this at work . Works great so far . Keeps my tea warm for me , not really piping hot but definitely drinkable , especially when there is n't much left . I probably would n't want it to get much hotter . Price was right too .
 it was a great gift for my coworkers , they loved it and will use it often in their classrooms . great gift
 I was on the look out for a way to keep my beverage at the perfect temperature . I like to sip for a while and havealways been frustrated at having to go warm it up often . This warmer is an inexpensive solution to the problem .
 I gave it to my boss for Christmas , his coffee was always getting cold because he 's too busy to drink it right away . Now he always has a hot , hot cup of coffee.He Loves it!Kathy
 This coffee warmer was a Christmas gift for my husband to keep at his office and he LOVES it . He was tired of his cup of coffee getting cold while he was working and this totally solved the problem !
 As long as you start using this when your coffee is still hot , it works great ! I am a slow coffee drinker . It can take me up to two hours to drink one cup . That 's exactly what I did when I tested this . My coffee was still warm , not lukewarm , after two hours ! The design is very simple . You switch it on , and a light comes on . You switch it off , and the light goes off . I was afraid the cord would be too short , but it was plenty long enough . I normally use mine in the living room . This would also be great for a work desk ! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who drinks coffee or tea .
 I was n't sure how hot this would get since some reviewers said it only kept their drink warm , but it gets very hot - too hot to touch and so is the bottom of my cup after it 's been sitting on the warmer . If you want something which gets hotter , you 'll need an electric burner . It keeps my drink very warm -LRB- I use a regular straight-sided ceramic mug with slightly convave bottom -RRB- .
 It works as advertised . It is not meant to boil water people , or to bring it back up to temp.I do turn it on with my ginormous coffee cup on before I pour the coffee in it so I can giveit a head start on the evil air conditioning that 's determined to mess up my cup of coffee or tea .
 Exellent quality . Does the job of keeping hot coffee hot throughout the day . On off switch is a plus also .
 This Mr. Coffee mug warmer is perfect . It keeps my coffee hot to the last drop.I 've tried the type that plugs into the computer , they do not get hot , just barely warm .
 Overall , this is a good product that performs as advertised . I 've found Mr. Coffee products always work as advertised and this item is no exception.I was constantly drinking half filled cups of cold coffee at work and needed something to keep the drink warm through the first half of the work day . I thought this item would provide the solution . And it has . With a ceramic mug placed on the hot plate my coffee now stays good and warm . I 'm not complaining , but I would like it a tad bit better if the temperature could be adjusted . However , with a 1/8th inch of coffee left in the mug and the plate left on for the last half of the work day , it stays warm enough to evaporate the coffee and leave a good amount of dried sludge at the bottom of the cup.I 'm using the Le Creuset Stoneware 12 Ounce ceramic mug . I do n't think a mug much larger than this will fit on the plate . One thing I did n't consider , this mug has a ring around the bottom that prevents the center from contacting the hot plate . A flat bottom ceramic mug that makes full contact with the plate would be a better match for this application .
 I have been wanting one of these for some time . I work from home and find my coffee getting cold before I have time to drink it . I read the reviews a couple months back and figured that I would be wasting time and money if I ordered one because of the negative reviews . Well , I finally went for it and I am absolutely amazed at how well this item works . It will not only keep your coffee warm , it will bring it up to temperature if you leave it off the warmer for a bit -LRB- which I tended to do at first -RRB- . It is low profile , fits the desk nicely , has a very convenient on/off button with an LED indicator . It is the best purchase I have made for my office in some time . I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone looking to keep their beverages warm all day .
 This is really a basic device . You turn it on , set your coffee mug -LRB- or tea cup -RRB- on it , and it helps it to hold its temperature for extended periods of time . We tested it out the other night by making a cup of coffee and leaving it on the warmer for an hour . A test sip at that point revealed that it was still moderately hot ... not steaming fresh from the pot , but hot enough to be considered satisfying . We also tested it for one other use , which was to bring a cold jar of baby food to room temperature . It did so in about 3 minutes . Anyway , we mostly use it for our coffee now , but occasionally , if we forget to take the baby food out of the fridge , we use it as i described above . I dont think this warmer is going to wow anybody , but we like it well enough , and 4 stars seems just right for this.Enjoy !
 Does just what it says -- keeps your coffee warm . Do n't expect it to heat up a cold cup , just keeps it from getting cool .
 I ca n't remember if I reviewed these or not . I bought two so I may have review one . If so I would like to add to that . At first I was a little disappointed in how the coffee was n't kept as hot as I would like it . All in all I still like it because I drag out drinking a cup of coffee over a long period of time but dislike cold coffee . This improved this issue a lot . Later I happened to cover my mug with a cardboard coaster to keep dust out while I dusted -LRB- Yea my computer room does n't get the care it should from me . About an hour later I remember it and took a drink and was surprised to find the coffee almost has hot as out of the pot . Needless to say I keep a Cardboard coaster handy . Plastic does n't work well water drops form on it and get all over the desk . I highly recommend These to anyone who dislikes luke warm drinks .
 Inevitably I get engrossed in reading the paper or an interesting article on the web . Time flies by and I get that awful swig of cold coffee !!! YUCK ! Cup Warmer to the rescue !!! Keeps coffee nice and hot . Very inexpensive yet does the job perfectly .
 After researching several brands of cup warmers I read the reviews on this Mr. Coffee and decided that was my best option . After receiving it and testing it out twice now - I am very pleased with it 's performance .
 The heating pad is cheap and effective . Great for keeping your coffee at that perfect temp . not too hot and def . not too cold . An auto shut-off after like 3 hours would make me feel more comfortable - because the desk does get super hot underneath . However , I 've had no problems or issues over the past month of having it .
 I keep this thing next to my computer because I get busy and forget to drink my coffee . IF you put a lid on your cup -LRB- anything , even a note pad ! -RRB- it will keep your coffee the perfect temperature . Just like it came out of the pot . No - - even better ! I like that it 's black , too . You know why .
 I wish it had a shut of timer but other than that it works great . I 'm going to buy another one .
 One thing about me - I get distracted easily . Usually by the phone , or pretty , shiny articles on the interwebs . . this has a tendency to cause my morning Joe to go tepid very quickly.One evening , as I watched Netflix streaming on my main monitor whilst surfing eBay daily deals on my iPad , I noticed a mug warmer . It was the perfect solution ! Not being foolish enough to buy something on eBay without research , I marked it to follow up . And , hey ! Guess what !? On the daily deal , it was STILL more expensive than here on Amazon , and that particular model 's reviews sucked out loud ! However , this dandy little Mr. Coffee mugwump - er , mug warmer - just arrived yesterday and it 's AWESOME.This morning , I got my mug settled into it 's little spot and - WOWZAH ! The coffee stays hot -LRB- ish -RRB- ! The thing does n't heat the mug to an uncomfortable temperature , and it sure slows down the normal Newtonian heat transfer rate . Four stars !!!
 Got this as a gift for my wife while she is at work . She will get a cup of hot coffe in the morning , but takes her quite a while to drink it . So she puts the hot/warm coffee on this warmer , and it keeps it good all day long . She loves it .
 I ordered this as a gift and was pleased that it arrived so quickly . It was exactly what I expected and works well .
 This warmer works as advertised . It will keep your drink at a warm , not hot , temperature for as long as you have it on . Very reasonably priced and handy to have .
 Ignore reviews saying this does not work . If they made it get any hotter it would most definately be a fire hazard . If you place a hot beverage on it , it will stay hot . In fact , I often have to alternate turning it on and off as my drink gets low because it is just too jot . I suspect people who have issues do n't get that the shape of the mug you use will have a definate impact . Some mugs are just too big and wo n't even sit on the warmer , they sit on the plastic cover instead . I just do n't use those mugs when I am at my desk . I read these reviews before I purchased and was concerned , but since I had one of these years ago , and had no issues , I bought one again . I am very happy with mine because my desk is in a colder area and I take my time drinking tea .
 I bought 1 for home and 1 for work . Love them both ! Start with hot drink and enjoy for 5-7 hrs . I take hot coffee to work in a thermos and refill my mug as needed . Great inexpensive gift for co-workers . Watch the liquid level carefully though ; it gets very hot if the amount of liquid gets really low .
 The best !!! I often pour a cup of coffee and walk away . By the time I get back it is cold leaving the need to prepare another cup of coffee and do it all over again . This coffee warmer works very well .
 This coffee warmer keeps hot coffee warm in a ceramic mug very well . It does not make cold coffee warm , it does not burn you when you touch it by accident . The heat is very focused . When you put a paper cup with coffee , the bottom of the cup gets hot , but the heat is n't well distributed . If you want an effective warmer next to your computer , then go for it.A couple notes for Mr. Coffee
 Keeps my coffee super warm . Works great . I just ca n't say how happy i am with this mug warmer . Everyone should have one on their desk at work .
 if the bottom surface is not touching entirely because it is raised in the center then even if this mug warmer is hot , it wont be able to transmit all the heat . I noticed this as the temperature of my coffee was different in different cups.This is much better to clean , I am guessing than the powered mugs . I haveThermos Sipp 16-Ounce Vacuum Insulated Travel Mug , Blackas well and it gives me great service when I am traveling but when I am at home , I want something that is much easier to clean.Please let this not increase your caffeine consumption.Why 4 stars?I like my beverages really really hot and hence my standards are a bit high .
 it does keep my drinks warm , goodprice for the quality , i will certainly recommend this product to my friends -LRB- i do not understand why amazon requires a rigid 20-word comment -RRB-
 I ordered this mug warmer with a little skepticism , as I had ordered a similar product in the past only to be very disappointed with the results . The Mr. Coffee mug warmer , however , lives up to its claim and keeps my coffee nice and hot to the last drop . It 's funny how something so mundane and inexpensive can bring such joy , but this one really delivers . If you hate luke warm coffee , this is your best bet !
 Super seller , adjusted postage promptly and great item at a low price . Shop with confidence , fast service . 5 stars all the way !!
 The cabinet looks very nice and easy to put together . But space between shelves are very small . Only kids shoes or sleepers can be put on the top shelf . sports shoes , like running shoes , tennis shoes ca n't fit in . I only installed 2 shelves per level to put in sports shoes and nice leather shoes .
 I bought two of the Vollrath Dishers - Yellow No # 20 and Red No # 24 . I can compare them to the OXO Good Grips Trigger Ice Cream Scoop - purchased recently - and similar in design.-Both the OXO and the Vollrath cost about the same.-The OXO is of noticeable lower quality . The trigger mechanism bends easily and the spring is much weaker than the Vollarth . While the handle 's grip is nice on the OXO the overall build of the OXO is poor.-The Vollrath is made of heavier metal and stronger construction.-The Vollrath 's blade inside the scoop is stronger and does n't wiggle around . The blade swings across the entire scoop unlike the OXO . Clearly the Vollrath is better made.-The Vollrath color coded handels are nice and they are also stamped with the size -LRB- # 24 -RRB- on the metal trigger.For baking , ice cream or general use - I really like the Vollrath and will buy more of the different sizes as I need them.A + product .
 Next time will go with the size 12 -LRB- green -RRB- in the event that I buy more of these as gifts . But really no complaints , this is a great ice cream scooper .
 This is a very nice quality disher . I was hesitant to buy because of the cost , but I went by what other reviewers said . Glad I did . We use it for ice cream , and I plan to get other sizes/colors of this disher , to scoop other things too .
 This barometer with not work at elevations over 5000ft - wish they would have told me !!!
 This 12 x 16 reproduction of the front page of the special edition of the `` London Herald '' from April 16 , 1912 is one of a series of such posters regarding key historic events . The banner headline `` Titanic Sinks '' is shown over a picture of the unsinkable ship while the two front page stories cover the `` Great loss of life '' and `` The Tragic Story '' of its sinking.The `` Titanic , '' the largest ship afloat , had left Southampton , England on her maiden voyage to New York City on April 10 , 1912 . The rest , as they like to say , is history -LRB- not to mention the biggest money making and Oscar winning movie of all-time -RRB- . The White Star Line ship was also the most luxurious afloat and touted to be the safest ship ever built , which was why the company authorized only 20 lifeboats , enough to provide space for only half the ship 's 2,200 passengers and crew . At 11:40 on the night of April 14 , 1912 , the `` Titanic '' struck an iceberg and sank within a few hours . The next morning the liner `` Carpathia '' rescued only 705 surivors , as 1,522 passengers and crew lost their lives . For the rest of the 20th century , the sinking of the `` Titanic '' would remind humanity of the sin of hubris , which was embodied in the declaration that `` Not even God could sink this ship . `` Other front pages in this series have such `` Herald '' headlines as `` Flying Machine Takes to the Air '' -LRB- December 17 , 1903 -RRB- , `` Rejoicing Crowds Celebrate Victory Poster '' -LRB- May 5 , 1945 -RRB- , `` First Man on the Moon '' -LRB- July 20 , 1969 -RRB- , and `` Berlin Wall Tumbles '' -LRB- November 9 , 1989 -RRB- . Obviously these posters reflect the British view of great events -LRB- winning the World Cup in 1966 I can understand , but `` Busby Babes Killed in Plane Tragedy , Munich '' in 1958 was news to me -RRB- , but history teachers on this side of the pond might find some of them worth putting up on their classroom walls .
 Good looking , versatile and super-quality line of drinkware . The insulation properties are second to none !
 Great quality , has lasted a long time in the dishwasher . Not cheap but much much higher quality than other insulated plastic tumblers I 've owned . Would buy Tervis again !
 This is the best coffee maker we 've ever had . The coffee stays hot most of the day and does n't get bitter . Everything works as described and we 've had no problems at all .
 I 've owned this coffee maker for about 4 years . It finally stopped working , but I must say - it `` died '' after 4 years of continuous daily use . I programmed it each evening and had hot coffee -LRB- very hot -RRB- waiting for me each morning . My spouse and I use large thermal cups to take to work , and so the 12 cup carafe has been more than enough coffee.The only problem I found when first using this machine , is if you do not seat the cup that holds the coffee grinds perfectly or the carafe perfectly , you may find puddles of coffee on your counter . I learned this early on , and always made sure that everything was properly set up and had no further episodes of `` floods '' . I also stopped using paper filters and bought a re-usable washable filter from wal mart for about $ 5 . which works fine . No noticeable change in coffee taste , no grinds or grit in my coffee.I am a typical fussy coffee drinker , and with a little experimenting with the amount of coffee to use , I got my brew to where I like it . I 'm now shopping on Amazon , looking for a replacement , and I am going to order the same cofee maker again . After reading some of the reviews for coffee makers with carafes , for over $ 250 , I think this is a good choice.Also , I program it to make the coffee around 4:30 am , and when I set it up , usually around 5 or 6 pm , the coffee I pour out at the end of the day is usually still steaming !
 This is a great coffeemaker ! However , I have also experienced the same problem with overflows . After one exchange , we discovered the trick - DO N'T GET COFFEE GROUNDS IN THE LID . If you end up with coffee grounds at the bottom of the basket that holds the filter , it can easily clog the lid , and will start to overflow . Now we just make sure to put the grounds in the filter , and then the filter in the basket - no more issues . And , it makes great coffee that stays fresh all day !
 If it is possible to fall in love with a coffee maker , it has finally happened to me . It fills all my requirements . It makes 12 cups directly into a thermal pot and keeps it hot all day . It is prgrammable so that my coffe is ready in the morning when I am . The plate under the pot is sealed so that if some coffee or water gets under the pot , the electronics is not destroyed . I ca n't begin to tell you how many Mr. Coffee 's I had that were ruined this way.It fits all my requirements , makes perfect coffee , and I have had this one for two years and still going strong . What 's not to love !
 Been using this for quite some time now . Really love how easy it is to use and how warm the thermal carafe keeps the coffee .
 I installed this on the same deck post that held the former rain gauge , but higher for better visibility . Eye level is ideal but not always possible . With so many trees in the backyard , our placement options are limited . I would have liked to have placed the gauge just outside one of our windows , but a rain gauge under a tree or eave wo n't measure rain accurately.As luck would have it , rain fell the very day after my serendipitous purchase . The numbers are indeed very easy to read even from the comfort of our dining room about 10 feet away . As far as magnification goes , yes , the numbers seem larger to the eyes as the gauge fills with water . The 35 % enlargement claim is , I think , arbitrary and not easy to substantiate . Whether the increase is 25 , 35 , or 45 percent matters not , as long as the numbers are easy to read.We really like this rain gauge.The only thing easier to read would be a wireless measuring instrument that gives you a readout inside . This gauge is cheaper and more than adequate for us .
 Absolutly ! It is beautiful . It arrived in no time , and was lovely . WHat more can I say ?????? Have nothing more .
 I bought this pillow and I was very nervous that it would n't be as lovely as the picture . I 'm not one for buying this without touching it but I was pleasantly surprise . It is absolutely lovely and I 'm very happy I made the purchase .
 I use this carafe when making large batches of chai . The capacity of this -LRB- 2L -RRB- is what sold me . To get that much , I 'd have to go to a pump or buy two separate carafes . I regularly fill it up when making chai for my family . I have n't found anything with this capacity that even comes close to the quality and the fact that it 's still a pourable carafe and not a thermal server with a pump.It does a great job of keeping the chai warm long enough to drink all of it . It is not as good at keeping things warm as a vacuum carafe all day , but more than good over a few hours . I also prime it with hot water first . It pours without a problem -- no drips , easy to handle.The wide neck makes this easy to clean , and I have been known to put it in the dishwasher.Other reviews mention the tendency of this to spit when first pouring after closing it up . I have found that to be true as well , but easily worked around . I just make sure the spout has no liquid in it -LRB- by pouring it out with the valve still closed -RRB- . Then , it 's just steam/air escaping , not spraying hot chai everywhere . That usually happens only when first opening the valve after sealing it shut.Overall , this carafe is perfect for my chai applications -- large capacity , good heat retention , no drip pouring , and easy to handle . I use a vacuum thermos with smaller capacity for my coffee -LRB- when long heat retention is worth more than capacity -RRB- , but this is the carafe I use for chai .
 The only reason I gave 4 instead of 5 stars is because the dish under the boat is attached ... which is very odd to me . Other than that , it was exactly the size I was looking for .
 This is a good sized gravy boat . I bought it specifically for Thanksgiving , which is really the only time I make meat gravy , but find I 've used it to put additional `` gravy '' -- tomato sauce -- on the table with Italian meals , fudge or caramel sauce for fancy desserts , etc. . It does n't come with a ladle , but I was able to find an appropriately sized one on Amazon . -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B001ECQQY2/ref=oh_o04_s00_i00_details -RRB- I like the fact that it has a `` skirt , '' for want of a better term , so it catches drips and keeps the tablecloth or tabletop from getting messy.The gravy boat goes into the dishwasher without a problem and looks good with several kinds of dishes -LRB- I have formal and informal sets of dishes -RRB- . It 's a simple and elegant design that appeals to me . So this was a win all around in my book .
 You can definitely see the pool in the middle -- if you stick your head into the branches ! =-RRB- I absolutely loooooooove this tree . It is so beautiful and came out of the box almost perfect -- have n't even fluffed up the branches yet and it looks wonderful . There are so many lights -- 800 ! One thing though , the lights are LED so they do n't have that soft yellow glow . Instead it 's kind of an ice blue glow , like ice on the branches or very sparkly diamonds . So for those of you who are more interested in the soft yellow glow , do n't get this tree . Other than that it 's really bright -- it lights up the whole room . Very nice tree . Would buy again .
 Just bought this tree couple of weeks back . Very good tree for such a good price . Nice branches , good cool - blue lights . It comes in 3 Pices . Easy to assemble , except connecting plugs of all the lights -LRB- little tricky but not difficult -RRB- . Merry Christmas
 First of all you ca n't beat the price . Secondly , it fits the Tassimo single serve coffee and tea machine , which can be a problem . For $ 14.00 I have 8 cups that hold a double cappucinno perfectly .
 i love the color and the shape of this mugs , they match perfectly my red toaster , is a beautiful shade of red , no too dark not too bright . I wish they were a little bigger , though , but they hold a cup -LRB- 8 oz -RRB- of milk or coffee .
 I bought this print for my dining room because of the vibrant colors and design and was not disappointed when I received it , I put it in a plain black plastic frame and it looks Strikingly Beautiful ! This print is well worth the money !
 For me , this is the perfect pillow . Unlike most other pillows that are too fat and fluffy , this pillow compresses somewhat when I lay down on it . It is not hard , but thinner . I consider it luxurious . My wife , however , does not care for it and does prefer thicker , puffier pillows . She would probably give it only 2 stars . This pillow is NOT for everyone . But if you usually find pillows -LRB- especially when they are new -RRB- to be too fat and puffy , this may be the perfect pillow for you .
 I originally experienced these pillows at a hotel in Chicago and found them so comfortablefor sleeping that I took off the case to check the label . I found out the manufacturer andproduct number . After doing a search on the internet I found them at amazon.com and comparedpricing with other sites . I ordered four of the pillows . Two for my wife and me and two for mymom and step father . I gave them the pillows for Christmas . My step father called about 3 weeksafter Christmas and told me the pillows did the trick . He said my mom has beencomplaining about neck and shoulder pain every night since she fell 3 months ago.After she started using these pillows she stopped complaining . My wife and I have beenusing them also and they have made it much easier to sleep . I 'm so glad I found them .
 I went to a Hilton and slept on the most comfortable pillow and then bought it . I love the softness of the down with the firmness of the foam that also keeps the quills from poking me in the head .
 Last year I discovered these pillows while at a St. Louis Hotel . my head melted right into the pillow with the perfect support . They retain their shape much better than any other down pillow I have slept -LRB- and their have been many -RRB- . Before checking out of the hotel , I looked at the pillow label , wrote down the manufacturer and orderer two on-line direct from the manufacturer . I would have ordered them from Amazon but , when I made my purchase they were not available here . The price of the pillow at Amazon is the same as the price from Pacific Coast.I am ordering two more for myself and few for some family members .
 This reasonably priced , sturdy refrigerator seems to be doing the job it advertised . A great value for this discounted price , it is also an attractive item for your kitchen , bar or pantry . I do n't know if they had Houdini doing the counting , though ... I can not possibly imagine how one could configure it into holding SEVENTEEN -LRB- ! -RRB- bottles of wine !
 There is indeed space for 17 ! bottles in this cooler , but three of them need to be eiswein ! I doubt this will hold 17 .75 liter bottles ; I might get one more eiswein in it for 18 bottles . It took some figuring how to do it , but 17 will fit . I have n't had the cooler long enough to note its efficiency , but it seems durable enough . For the price , it seems to be a good purchase .
 I have had this wine cooler for years and love it . The top is a bit cooler than the bottom so whites on top and reds on bottom . The middle rack is open -LRB- you can fit 7 standard bottles 4 on bottom and 3 on top of that -RRB- So if you have a Magnum or odd sized bottle it will still fit in . The ONLY reason I am replacing it was I moved and the movers destroyed my last one . Temperature is constant so no worries about wine going bad . Ive stored special wines for 2 + years and they are still wonderful or everyday wine . I 'm looking forward to my new one arriving .
 I bought this to use as extra space when my husband comes home from the farmer 's market with too much stuff . I did n't want one with the tiny freezer . And I wanted one with an old fashioned compressor , because I try not to use the AC much . It cools quickly , and hardly makes a sound . . a faint hum and a few gurgles from time to time . I cant hear it at all from the next room . On a very humid day , which is every day of a Baltimore summer , there is condensation on the front glass . I inserted a piece of the packing styrofoam on the inside and it helps . So I guess the front glass panel is not well insulated ... but for 99 dollars from a big box store ... its a pretty good deal ... I have had it a few weeks . I know compressors can last varying lengths of time ... it is the luck of the draw . I will try to remember to update in a year or when it fails ...
 It takes some stacking , but it definitely handles 17 bottles in a small space .
 I have not yet used it but looking good . I bought it because to understand bosch quality but such low price -LRB- included shipping it was $ 30 -RRB- . The 5 starts here is to the seller . When I found the top lid was not close completely I thought that might be the reason that price was knocked down . But I left the massage to the seller . I received a replacement right way and was told that I do not need return the one with lid problem . After I received the second one I realized the lid problem was due the packing design issue . There is a piece cardboard in the middle of it as there is no space for such thickness cardboard therefore coffee filter part was pushed up to against the lid , which resulted in the lid lost shape -LRB- Plastic was bend in long term resulted in lost right shape -RRB- . My replacement 's lid was just a bit deformed but not that bad as the first one so I have reshaped it right way. :12 / 30/2011 I have been used this coffee maker for a long while now and it is a very good coffee maker for start my day . This is best coffee maker that I have or had but not the highest price that I paid .
 Was looking for a dependable coffee machine in white and found it with this one . I 've had it for a month , it 's a simple coffee machine , no timer , just an off/on switch and pretty inexpensive . Water goes through quickly and the pot does n't drip . What 's not to like ?
 Had to replace my coffeemaker recently , and was looking for something white which is increasingly hard to find . This machine makes great coffee , and is simple & straight forward . It would be perfect for someone that just wants to make coffee on the spot . It 's surprisingly actually manufactured in Germany . Seems to be of quality design & materials . The lid could be improved a little bit , but that 's just a minor flaw . The price is reasonable for what you 're getting . It 's as every bit good as Braun or Krups coffemakers .
 Purchased this simple to use coffee maker for my 90 year old mother . It worked for one week and then she started having problems with it . So I contacted the seller and they , without questions , sent us another one and just told us to skip sending the other one back . So far , so good the new coffee maker has worked just fine . I think that one just was n't good . I really like Bosch products so I hope it last a long time . I was impressed with the seller and would certainly buy from them again .
 I wanted a coffee maker with no bells and whistles , just a good basic machine . For the money , this Bosch is a great coffee maker . The filter basket is easy to take out and put back in . The coffee brews as hot as it should . The carafe has a pleasing shape and pours very well . Just do n't expect the last few drops to pour nicely .
 When I bought this for my son 's first apartment in 2007 , I landed it for twenty-two bucks . I ca n't believe it 's nearly one hundred dollars more now!It is a good , basic coffee maker and apparently has lasted pretty well for him and his roommates . I recently visited my son 's newest apartment in Denver and made coffee in it several times during our stay . Worked great.It does n't look as nice as my Cuisinart chrome coffeemaker -LRB- which recently died -RRB- but it does n't look cheap either . There 's no way to program it to come on automatically in the morning but you can load it up with coffee and water the night before and simply press a button when you 're ready for coffee in the morning.Like many coffeemaker models , this one can be set under most wall cabinets , although you 'll likely have to slide it forward to have room to flip open the lid to add water . That 's not a major issue , though.If you can find a good deal on this , I 'd recommend it .
 Over the last 8 years , I 've purchased at least 5 coffee automatic drip coffee pots for my mom and for me . They have ranged from cheap to expensive . Expensive for me is in the $ 80 to $ 100 range . The last coffee pot I bought for my mom was a Melitta with the auto time set . While she loved the unit , it went to the coffee pot graveyard in just a little over a year when the heating unit burned out . A couple of my previous purchases were thermos-style units . My biggest complaints over all the coffee pots were -LRB- 1 -RRB- coffee not hot enough , -LRB- 2 -RRB- coffee did n't really taste that great , -LRB- 3 -RRB- pot not big enough , which happens most on thermos units , and -LRB- 4 -RRB- failure of the unit in too short a time , particularly for the more expensive units.This time I decided to go for simple design , a larger container -LRB- 12 cups instead of 10 -RRB- , a mid-range on price , and , hopefully , a good cup of coffee . Well , I got it this with the Bosch . It is very straightforward . It makes 12 cups ; it has one button -LRB- on/off -RRB- ; it turns itself off after two hours ; is easy to clean ; was reasonably priced -LRB- $ 49.99 on Amazon in September of 2003 , cheaper now -RRB- ; and lo and behold , it makes a good cup of coffee that comes out hot and stays hot without getting a burned taste.The other reviewer says that it is cheaply made . I think that the plastic is as strong as any other pot I 've purchased . The top lid , where the water is poured into , also `` broke '' on mine until I figured out that , instead of being broken , it had come apart as it is designed to do so that you can clean it better . The lid and surrounding edge of the coffee pot is a light grey plastic . It cleans up very easily and is less prone to stain than the ones that are all white . For the most part , I just run the pot under clear water and wipe the unit down with clear water to keep it clean.The best part is that I 'm very happy with the taste of the coffee . I do n't use any special water , just our tap water which has run through a water softener . We have very , very hard water in Nevada . I 'm using decafinated Folgers most of the time . The other good part is that the coffee comes out hot - hot enough for me to wait a couple of minutes before my first sip . Now , if it just lasts more than a year , I 'll be extra happy with my purchase .
 Purchased this coffee maker about 3 weeks ago , it is a simple design and makes a decent cup of coffee . 2 hour timer is nice . anti-spill feature is also a plus . Would recommend this product . German engineering very good .
 I made 12 pots of coffee before writing this review , I want to tell you this is definately worth the price though the 69.00 original price was either a very long time ago or just inflatedMakes a really nice HOT cup I have owned many pots never seem to have luck they either leak all over or the coffee never is hot this does not leak at all and has been good to me so far!I can see how a couple reviewers may think its junky it IS made of all plastic and has nothing digtial on it at all but I also owned 2 BUNN makers that did not do as well as this little guy plus a few that had all the bells and wistles and did not do 1/2 as well as this oneIf you get this -LRB- You will be happy you remembered this -RRB- The coffee filter is number 4 cone and can be tricky if you put it in the wrong way it will get stuck and you will swear it broke on you or you got a defect I had this problem the first 2 pots then realized the black circle has to be pointing in front of you directly . You can easily forget and put it in the wrong way buy a butter knife will pop the sides right out once you realize that its in the right direction you will not have any porblems.Its really a nice robust cup and the best trait is the heat I love the fact it makes hot coffee!I paid 17.00 for it and it has been worth every dime do not expect a high end digital alarm or time button you will be dissapointed but if your looking for a maker and a really good fair priced one spring for it you will not be sorry !
 This Bosch coffemaker is a nice basic unit , no bells , no whistles . It makes great coffee though , quickly and quietly . Nicely made in Germany , it 's a bit tall at 14 inches , but fairly compact in footprint . It uses cone-style filters . It stops dripping coffee if you take out the carafe while it is brewing . The switch is only on or off -LRB- lights up when on -RRB- and there is an auto-off function at about two hours . The only downside is the neck of the carafe is a little small in diameter , so it is a bit difficult for my man hand to get in there to clean it . An IKEA dish brush takes care of that though . For about 30 bucks shipped this is tough to beat . Tasteful European styling , German-made quality , and fine functionality makes this Bosch coffee maker a winner . Highly recommended .
 I bought my first Bosch Coffee maker in 1988 and it is still working today . I use it daily , sometimes twice . :o-RRB- Granted it looks a bit dated as mine is cream colored with a brown see thru reservoir . Paid a pretty penny for it at a specialty coffee shop . It is simple in design but a very reliable product . I am looking for a new one as the top plastic lid has become brittle over the 22 years I have run it thru the dishwasher . The height and ability to slide under the upper cabinets a HUGE plus . I will be purchasing one of these newer models !!
 Brews a great cup of coffee and quickly . But care must be taken with the top cover when wiping/cleaning machine . -- -LRB- lid disconnects from base if handled to rough -RRB- but easily reconnected . Nice coffee maker . I would recommend .
 A great product . The bowls are very heavy and durable . This company has excellant quality control . They can be mixed - and - matched with all white dinnerware . The bowls are a little shallow , so if your partner wants a big bowl of pasta , these probably wo n't work . They are great for salad and if you want portion control ! I love this pattern as it is always in good taste .
 I researched for about 3 months before picking out our wedding china , and finally settled on the Churchill Finlandia . They 've been making this particular pattern for over 150 years , so I figured in years to come it would be easy to add on to or replace pieces that got broken.I only registered and ordered sets made in England based because other Amazon customers had a lot of complaints about the pieces made in India . The pattern is beautiful , but a couple pieces do have slight flaws in the print or quantity of color . We think these `` flaws '' give our china character , but I know a lot of people would require a more uniform appearance . That 's why I gave it 4 stars .
 This purchase replaced another Sharp Microwave Oven that is 25 years old and still working . We stayed with the Sharp brand because of their long lasting quality , style and updated stainless steel cabinet . We looked at other models in the Sharp line and picked this one because it had the features we were looking for -LRB- KISS -RRB- and was a great value for the money . I definately would recommend Sharp to anyone in the market for a microwave oven .
 This was a great deal and I rec 'd it in 3 days even though it said it would take longer because of the super saver shipping . It is very classy looking and I especially love that the buttons are hidden . It goes great with my stainless steel refrigerator . I gave it 4 stars -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I recently purchased the Sony 50A2000 television and , after much consideration I decided to purchase the matching stand . I have to admit
 Assembly was pretty straight forward , and when you 're all done with the TV on top ... looks pretty slick . Strap in back secures TV , and cover in front does the same.Due to support beams in back , my receiver had to go right in the middle on the 2nd shelf . Those same beams , could possibly get in the way of wiring on the top shelf if putting components two across . In fact , I need to get a couple of right-angle connectors in my case . There is also a chance since the glass is at an angle on the sides , that one foot of a componenent all the way to either side may not touch the glass . I also wish the top shelf was a little taller for stacking components.Even with these quibbles , I am very happy with the stand , because the quality is very nice , and the end result looks great & feels solid .
 This stand comes in a box with an extensive assortment of styrofoam and cardboard pieces . DO N'T THROW THEM AWAY ! Not until you have assembled the stand , because every single piece is used at different times to prop certain pieces up . Putting this thing together was a lot more complicated than I expected . Now that it is done , though , it looks great , and I have no doubts about it 's stability .
 I like the fact that the TV is securely attached to the stand to prevent the TV from sliding off during and earthquake -LRB- I live in CA -RRB- or from falling on any toddlers . Assembly was not too difficult , it took me a little over a half an hour to finish putting it together . There are only two shelves . The bottom shelf has enough room for me to set my receiver -LRB- HT-DDW900 -RRB- on it . The receiver sits about 6.5 '' high . I have set my DVD/VCR combo on the top shelf . In addition to the two components I have sitting on the shelves , there is a little bit of room to set small speakers on each side of the shelf . It would be nice to have an additional shelf or about four more inches on the top shelf to set the center speaker for my surround sound on top of my DVD player - but I have settled with attaching the speaker to the top of my TV with some strong velcro.All in all I am happy with the purchase . FYI , I purchased this product along with the TV at -LSB- ... -RSB- . My experience with them was great . I was able to save $ 500 on the combined purchase which I made on `` Cyber Monday '' following Thanksgiving . Although I did not purchase this product from Amazon.com , I would not have hesitated to do so if they would have had a better price at the time of my purchase . My exeriences with Amazon.com have been great .
 I just finished putting together my table and am pleased with the way it looks and functions . It 's a strong platform for the KDS-50A2000 . As the other reviewer mentioned , it 's a little cramped for bigger components ; I wish it had more room . Assembly was n't too bad but required patience.My only complaint is about the Amazon merchant , etronics . I would not deal with them again if I did n't have to . The item arrived in good shape , but they are just way too slow and not very responsive to inquiries . The item sat in their warehouse for days , `` ready to ship '' they told me , but just lingered there . Tracking data was very slow in being provided . If you can buy this table elsewhere , you probably should .
 Definitely a nice stand . Sony discontinued the grey stand , which would 've matched my HDTV perfectly , but the black stand is still nice . These stands are pricey at $ 349 , but the TV locks into the stand and also a strap/clip clips to the back of the set for more safety and stablility .
 This is a great stand . It is very well made with all holes aligning perfectly . There are two glass shelves to hold your DVD player and satellitereceiver etc. . It uses large long bolts to hold the main weight bearing pieces together . It is nicely finished with no sharp edges . The only problem I see is the lower glass shelve protrudes a couple inches in front of the stand . Although the corners are round , it would be possible for a child to step on the corner of the glass and perhaps break it .
 My wife and I bought this curtain rod to use along with an IKEA Mavas -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- to make a makeshift storage unit for our newborn.The Tension Rod fits perfectly in the center section of the unit and allows us to hoist up almost all over our baby 's clothes.The Rod is of outstanding build quality and takes all of 3 seconds to install and feel comfortable with . It 's been holding up nearly 30 or 40 lbs worth of clothes for the last 6 months and has never fallen or dropped , and in the case that it needs to be repositioned it goes to slack easily even after all this time.The pain is holding up great with no dents , scratches , or fading.Highly recommended !
 Tension rods this small were very hard for me to find ! So I 'm pleased that I found this on Amazon and that it works in the narrow shower stall in our basement bathroom .
 Bought this to replace those nasty accordian type shower stall things in our camper . This littlerod fit great .
 I bought this to give temporary window coverings for our living room windows . It was inexpensive and easy to install . I 'm very pleased .
 This stall shower tension rod worked perfectly for our RV . The old shower curtain was custom for the RV and would have cost $ 150 + to replace it with a lot of work . This rod , used with a stall sized shower curtain -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000B5JT4M -RRB- and standard shower curtain rings worked great and saved me a lot of $ $ .
 This was just what I needed , priced right and shipping was reasonable.Nothing fancy , but just does the job ! I 'm happy with it !
 This is a very simple to operate and straightforward coffee machine that makes flavourful coffee without any snafus . The drip stop function works perfectly , the shape of the carafe keeps coffee fresher than most designs , there are no clocks to set or automatic hot plate shut offs . The construction is sturdier than others -LRB- Krups , Cuisinart made in Mexico or China -RRB- ; it is made in Germany . The lack of a clock/timer is no big deal as it will get your first cup of coffee brewed -- and brewed RIGHT -- in two minutes .
 All I really have to say is that it takes me longer to boil water and mix in Instant coffee.This Bosch TKA-2811 makes 6 cups of coffee -LRB- equivalent to 2 of my cups -RRB- in under 5 minutes.This machine keeps the contents of the carafe very warm while the anti-drip filter holder is an OUTSTANDING DESIGN . Basically the top of the carafe contacts the valve when the carafe is on the hot plate . Once you remove the carafe , the valve pops closed and nothing drips.In addition , the carafe 's design prevents spills while pouring into your favorite cup , mug , or commuter cup.FYI - It uses a # 4 paper cone filter.I chose Bosch because of the quality of their automotive products -LRB- stereo components , ABS modules , pumps , etc. . . -RRB- and I have n't been disappointed yet.If you 're in the market for a new coffee maker , I recommend you get this Bosch unit as well as a Bosch grinder .
 The headline says it all . I am happy I purchased two . They are the perfect size for reheating and making small soups . The heavy bottom heats up quickly and evenly on a low flame .
 This is a great 2 qt pot . The size is great for certain applications when a bigger one is just not needed or wanted , yet it is not too small for many uses . The quality is supurb . I like high quality cookware but I am also cheap ! This pot gives you features and quality of a pot costing $ 150 without spending that kind of money . You will buy this 2 qt pot for about the same money as some inexpensive one maybe not being Stainless steel or not conducting heat properly on the bottom thus scorching your food . I do n't know what is in the bottom so I ca n't say it is multilayered , but it does not scorch food as an inexpensive one would . I suspect it does have mutiple layers of aluminum or copper sandwitched in it . The machining of the pot is very good with no bad rough edges.I have a great very expensive stainless steel set of pots at my home in the city -LRB- Lifetime Cookware -RRB- . After using them for years , I do n't like using poorly made cookware . We needed some good pots at our lake home and we have been buying odd lot good pots when we find them available for it . One size we wanted to buy was in the 2 qt area . This pot filled the bill . You wo n't go wrong buying it and it is many times better then many other pots you find for sale at the same price . I 'm even considering buying another one.Marcia BahrHouston/Coldspring , Texas
 I bought this pan because I need a heavy pot in which to make boiled fudge . It works great . And of course , I am using it for other cooking
 This product was purchased for my daughter and son-in law for Christmas . They love it ! I will buy more paintings from this company and highly recommend to others .
 Great product ! I just love it . I Highly recommend it for purchase . Am using it for shower curtain . Bought two .
 This steamer is great ! Really enjoying using it and it is good quality at a great price . I especially like the hole in the lid where the steam escapes ... prevents steam building up in the pot .
 The pot heats up quickly and retains heat surprisingly well . The lid has a good weight and releases just enough steam so it does not spill . I wish the steam basket is a bit deeper , it can barely hold a dungeness crab , very limited in that aspect .
 I could not find this product in a store near me so I went to amazon where it seems you can find anything . Not much to say it 's a stainless steel food steamer ... It was basically like I expected . A little pricey but good product .
 This is a great pot . . I used to microwave my frozen vegetables but now I steam them and they come out looking lively bright colors . I also use the other part of the pot for other things also and cleans wonderfully .
 Let me preface that this is not the fault of the seller . I simply thought 4-quart was the size of the basket . It 's not . It is the size of the actual pot . While not big enough for me to steam all my tamales in -LRB- the real reason I bought this -RRB- , it is a fine pot and very sturdy and nice to look at . Unless you are someone who lives alone or only with one other person , it will not be big enough for you , unless you are steaming a single side dish , but it is still a very nice cooking pot .
 My mother in law requested this for Christmas so I bought it this for her for Christmas and she loves it !
 Good value for the money - I am now a family of one - gifted to my daughter and ordered a 1 Qt unit from the same manufacturer - Just for information , It would not work on an induction hot plate .
 I steam bread wraped in tin foil about 5 minutes 8-10 frozen . and it 's like fresh baked . I steam everything we eat . Left over meats and chicken or pork you wrap it in tin foil real tight for about 5 minutes and it comes out like you just cooked it , nice and juicy . Give it a try . Great for left overs .
 When using this product the first time , the handle on the steamer came undone on one side & I had to fix it . Other than that , the product works extremely well and is very easy to use . Steams vegetables very nicely ; would recommend this product .
 Very nice . Just what I was looking for . I like the clear top , I might just buy a bigger one too .
 Purchased this pot as a gift to my Dad who needs to eat a little healthier ! very nice for the price ! Happy healthy eating ! Shipping was quick !
 Heats evenly and cleans up like a dream . Love it . Looking for a 3 quart and a 6 quart with the same handles and glass lid . love that it 's vented .
 What great pan ! Broccoli gets ready in 5 minutes , carrots , all vegetable cooks fast and all the vitaminand taste stays . Fast cooking , healthy cooking and great price , great size . I 'm buying the second one for my mom now .
 Before i bought it , I saw many reviews said that the steamer is too thin . But it 's better than my expectation . I can use it to steam as well as make soup . The steamer is perfect . The only short point is that it 's too small . It 's at most for two persons .
 It is really a high-quality steamer cooker except for the small size . I think it is really a good one if you do n't need to steam very much food !
 Needed a new steamer and took a chance on this one . Thought it might be a bit small for what I wanted it for but the looks are deceiving . It was just right . Since the basket is deeper and not as wide as my old one , I use less water . It 's also the right size -LRB- for me -RRB- to cook stuff without using the basket . We 've made kielbasa and carrots on the top/basket part at the same time as cooking cabbage underneath in the water . I use meduim to low -LRB- not very low -RRB- heat after it comes to a full boil and the food comes out fine -LRB- just keep your eye on not overcooking it -RRB- .
 I really like this steamer . It 's the perfect size for one or two people . Wish it came in a larger size !
 Looks nice in the picture so I ordered it.When it arrived it looked great but the metal it is made out of is so thin I could not believe it.The steamer is very shinny , tried it and it works well.It will be dented up in no time wish it were a little more thicker metal.Not worth the $ 29.95 I paid for it , more like $ 12.99 . Look around spend your money on a better pot , this was made in India.After using this steamer , I give it 5 stars . It works great and would highly recommend it .
 Love this item - it cooks very well and never sticks , which allows quick clean-up . The food tastes very good and is soft and well done - just the way I like it . This is a very convenient and easy to use pot .
 I got this for a friend and she loved it ! She shared with a friend of her 's and now she has ordered one too : -RRB- Great Item ; highly recommend it !
 Nice quality and perfect for steaming veggie and dumplings , but a little small if you want to put a bowl or plate in it to steam something like a fish .
 As other reviews have pointed out , the metal is thin , but that 's actually a benefit , not a detriment . Thinner metal will boil the water quicker . You only need thick heat spreading metal if you are actually cooking something in the pot . All this does is boil water . In actual use , I 've found that you can steam enough veggies for four people , or just put in enough for one . I usually just get the water up to boiling until the steam is vigorously coming out of the top , then turn off the heat and the trapped steam finishes the cooking . Very easy . The top has a nice little steam vent too , but I usually just close it - the top is light enough that enough steam will escape if you have it on full boil , at which point I just turn off the heat . The metal handle to get the steam tray out is useless , so I either spear the veggies , tilt and scoop , or use an oven mitt to grab the tray . I 've had for over a year now and it still looks shiny and new . Yeah , it does n't have the heft of our regular pots , but it does n't need to , and after a while you come to appreciate lifting a light pot !
 This little pot is fantastic . It 's the perfect size for 1 or 2 people , and I find the quality exceptional for the price . -LRB- I paid $ 30 . -RRB- The main pot feels like 18/8 -LRB- and I think it said so on the box , but I 'm not sure -RRB- , and it holds the heat forever , if you want to turn off the burner and just let it stew.The `` thin metal '' others mention is in the steamer insert , and it 's thin for a reason
 The only reason this is n't a five star for me , is that I wish the inside basket was a little deeper . Also , the handle on the basket does n't move all that easy so I have to use tongs to retrieve my food while it is still hot . Overall this steamer is excellent and does its job well . The glass helps for being able to see when the food is done .
 I really like this cooker . Somewhat different than expected but after using it , I am sold . Nice size .
 I purchased this for my college dorm since we did n't have any pots large enough . I 'm very satisfied with the pot itself and I use it all the time , but the steamer is much too thin and I really wish it had some legs for support . Overall good price for your money , but if you 're getting it for the steamer I 'd look for something else .
 This is a quality pan , better than I thought it would be . I like the clear top with the steam hole , it 's a good size and will be used for many purposes . Thanks
 I bought this , the Le Creuset enameled crepe pan , and a crepe recipe book for my husband for Christmas -LRB- he 's crazy for crepes -RRB- . At first the spatuala looked too big for the 8 in pan but it actually worked like a charm . This was our first time making crepes and it takes a little practice but was great fun and the spatula is a big help . It is somewhat pourus wood so will darken a bit from the oil/butter in the crepe pan , but it does n't detract .
 Its not that easy to find this type of crepe spatula , so I was glad to find it was available . There was a problem with the order but the seller was absolutely fantastic and I was very pleased with how it all turned out.This type of spatula allows you to make larger crepes and flip them easier with fewer goofs than other implements - worth the reasonable price .
 Having seen many of the finer resturants here in Las Vegas serving Crepes , I have been facinated by the skill of these artisans in the craftmanship they employ . Having recently purchased my own crepe iron it was difficult finding the right tools . This tool has made the art of making crepes all so easy . If your a seasoned crepier you 'll also find these fit the hand nicely and will sufice for all size creations .
 After a trip to Paris and falling in love with Nutella crepes I decided I had to learn how to make them at home . This spatula does the trick perfectly along with a basic crepe maker .
 These bags can hold so much debris that I still have n't had to replace the original since I bought the vacuum about 5 months ago !
 There are 5 bags in the box with 1 pre-filter -LRB- white -RRB- . Bosch used to put a black carbon filter in the box as well , but there was n't one included . The outside of the box depicts a bunch of black `` granules '' in a cutaway diagram . Do n't know if this is supposed to mean that the carbon is now in the lining of the bag itself and you do n't need a separate carbon filter or not .
 Just as expected , it 's nothing fancy , but considering the price it was perfect for our needs in the &#34; man cave &#34; .
 It turned out bigger than I thought and much lighter wood . But it is very nice and I liked it .
 My Bosch vacuum was a couple of years old and had seen some fairly heavy use . I had begun to notice stinky air at the exhaust when even a new bag was only partially full . By replacing the existing filter with the Micro/Charcoal filter I have eliminated the stinky exhaust .
 While I was buying my Bosch vacuum , I mentioned I had a large dog . When I vacuumed any carpeted areas the exhaust from the vacuum accented/increased the dog smell , which I 'm sure everyone is familiar with since it 's pretty distinct . At the time , he mentioned the charcoal filter and how well it worked.I thought I 'd try out the vacuum first just to make sure . With the standard filter , the smell was still there and intensified but after I used the charcoal filter , I was truly amazed at how well it works and there was no dog odor . You 'll know when it 's time to change the filter because you 'll be able to smell the odor again . Usually I get about 6 months from one filter.It 's a great option for pet owners and anyone whose vacuum 's exhaust has an odor . We do bath and keep our dog pretty clean but it even works well when he 's about ready for the next bath .
 My Bosch BSA2101UC canister that I picked up at a pretty reasonable price does a great job but began expelling stinky exhaust . The exhaust comes out the top directed towards the user so I thought I 'd try one of these . It did solve the problem but it sure is an expensive solution . The smell might be caused by our 2 dogs although we keep them regularly washed and I do n't notice a smell until I vacuum .
 I have n't used the pans yet , but was very pleased by the timeliness of the order .
 I am so happy with this espresso cup . I bought 2 at the time and they work perfectly with our Saeco Vienna deluxe espresso maker . The cup has a really good finish ; water actually beads on it .
 these blinds are great ! Very easy to adjust the width , & took 5 minutes to install ! if a storm takes them out , i will totally buy from this supplier again ! also , arrived in just a couple days ! LOVE IT !
 This were just what I was looking for . I needed the vinyl because our windows were only 59 '' wide and I had to cut 1/2 '' off each side . It was a breeze to cut them down . They look great and block out the sun when needed . We looked in Lowe 's and HD but could n't find the 60 '' . I was happy to find them on line !
 Does what it was designed to do and more . Holds my HP 15.4 '' laptop perfectly . Gives me added peace of mind knowing that my brand new laptop is that much more protected while in its normal carrying case ; keeping it from rain , accidental spills , scratches , etc. . The included jumpdrive case matches the sleeve and is quite handy as well . Overall , excellent product .
 The shape was nice , and it has space to keep your power cord inside . I have a 14.4 '' HP , it was a little big for it , but i 'm happy qith the price and what i have obtain ! .
 Esta excelente el producto , es tal como lo esperaba . . y bueno por supuesto el servicio de entrega fue inmediato .
 This place setting is so beautiful.I would recommend this place settingand you receive this item very quickly when ordered .
 One serving set . Ive been ordering this stuff for years to build a set for my wife . Very nice china washes well looks good in the china cabinet .
 Great Set . Very Elegant . Got Lots of compliments on them . You Can get them Cheaper at B , B&B eyond ; , especially when you use the 20 % off coupon.A few of the the pieces have a small section where the metallic is n't as shiny . like the glaze is n't covering that spot . But it is a third the price of the runner up set .
 This china has a beautiful pattern that is hard to see in photos . I love serving my guests with these dishes .
 While the Bosch vacuum comes with a standard floor/carpet attachment , it 's just kinda basic . This thing has a brush and therefore does a much nicer job on rugs . I once had an issue where the brush got kinda jammed and was n't rolling , but I easily unjammed it -LRB- I think it was just full of hair -RRB- , and it 's been fine ever since .
 The two vacuum heads that came with our Bosch canister were one that supposedly did carpets and hard floors , but did neither exceptionally well , and then a great hardwood floor attachment . Because we have a mix of carpets and hardwoods , our hardwoods are looking really nice , but our carpets were suffering . I have only tried this turbobrush head on a 4x4 patch of carpet , but it 's one where the dog likes to lay , and the results are fabulous ! It 's obvious that it 's cleaning and reviving the carpet , it 's super easy to use , and it makes me love my Bosch canister vacuum all over again !
 These were rather expensive to purchase over the internet . I 've been able to find Bunn filters much cheaper locally . I am happy with the response from this seller .
 This product was purchased for my daughter and son-in law for Christmas . They love it ! I will buy more paintings from this company and highly recommend to others .
 This definitely makes ribbons . Creates beautiful piles VERY quickly . Great for cheeses -LRB- results look `` superabundant '' and melt prettily -RRB- . But , when you want the product to give off its juice , DO NOT use the ribbon grater . Example , I thought carrot cake would be great with ribbons of carrots , instead of shreds . The grater is so sharp , the carrots were sliced , not shredded . Result was considerably drier in texture with nearly zero carrot taste . Definitely use an old fashioned box grater shredder to get carrot-y goodness into the batter.However I love it for slicing garlic ; for toasted garlic bits or for a gentler garlic presence than with a garlic press . Much easier and faster than with a knife or even that expensive one-use gadget -LRB- the mini mandolin that works only for garlic -RRB- . I 'm always reaching for it . Bought it on a whim and so glad I did !!!
 Microplane is known for making high-quality graters
 Honest to God , this is the exact product that my nail tech uses for pedicures ! And I have to say it works 10 times better that a pumice stone . I loved the results so much I had her order one for me . Realized AFTER that I did n't need a beauty supply store - but rather a kitchen gadget one . Try it !
 I now have all three grades , and find them indispensable ! After I purchased this , I read the home vs professional style , and have to say that I do n't have a problem with the home series .
 I love these little tools . Not only is it much easier to grate things like cheese or chocolate with a little handheld grater but it 's so much easier to clean than my box grater . I have almost the entire collection of these microplaners
 I use these microplane grater all the time . They are the greatest.I would recommend these to anyone who likes to cook .
 I have one with the old metal handle - this is much more comfortable to hold and use . Great for using with hard cheese
 This is another high quality item from microplane . I use this regularly . Its quick and easy to pull out and grate some cheese . I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 only because this does a great job grating hard cheeses like parmesan , but is not a good choice for grating softer cheeses like mozarella . For softer items , I use a small rotary shredder by zyliss .
 This microphane is so sharp . It really makes grating things easy . Definitely worth the money . I have owned numerous grating devices over my lifetime . None of them compares to the effectiveness and quality of this grater .
 This is the fourth Microplane grater I 've bought . Now I have them in all the different styles . They are high quality and very easy to clean .
 Love this little grater . I bought it to use with garlic and have not been disappointed . Very sharp , easy to clean -LRB- unless you leave the garlic on it to harden -RRB- , handy to store . Great product .
 I bought this Microplane grater b/c I have seen Rachael Ray using one to slice garlic on her talk show & thought `` what a fantastic idea ! '' I cook with garlic a lot & have bought pretty much every gadget known to man that promises to slice it b/c it 's one of my least favorite kitchen tasks . I have now thrown out any other garlic chopping/slicing gadget that I own . This is the only one you need ! I have n't used it for anything else yet but I 'm sure it will also come in handy for cheese , carrots , ginger , etc. . Clean-up is a breeze . Somebody said the handle fell off of theirs after putting it in the dishwasher . There 's no need to clean it in a dishwasher , just rinse it right after using it before the grated food has a chance to harden on it & you 're good to go.The only thing I would caution is to be extremely careful if you do use it for garlic or other small things as the blades are EXTREMELY sharp & I have already sliced off a good chunk of my fingernail ! It was my fault & I have been a lot more careful since !
 The other reviewers comment makes no sense and they did not comment on the bag itself . I think the bags are great , large , and easy to remove/install . Excellent vacuum too .
 Due to allergies I can assess the dust retention rate.This one is best .
 Vendor provide prompt response ; take care and fix the problem right away . You could n't ask anything more .
 I bought this attachment for my Bosch 2100UC vacuum and it works very nicely on my hardwood floors . It 's well made but not too expensive . The only drawback I can see is that has little wheels on the sides that engage the floor when downward pressure is applied . That 's probably to keep the attachment from being pushed so low on its bristles that it pushes dirt in front of it , and in fact I can say that the wheels do not affect the suction . However , I am used to hard floor attachments that I can `` float '' along the floor without feeling any hard contact points .
 Fits well , and does a great job on hardwood floors . It should have come with the vacuum but I 'm glad I found it online . Mine shipped quickly from govacuum and was a gray color which matched nicely with my canister .
 The cow creamer was very well packaged . I would buy again from BIA Whiteware in the future . Consider for your next purchase if looking for a creamer .
 Ordered this as a gift for a friend and they absolutely love it ! Its very durable and just plain fun to serve out of .
 The table came about 2 days BEFORE the posted delivery date . That was a plus . It was easy to assemble , did it by myself within 30 minutes . Instructions was clear . The quality was very good not the best but for the price it was worth it . All solid wood construction . The only thing that I saw that could have been better was the sie screws/bolts that held the legs onto the lower frame . The holes were not recessed therefore the tops of the screws were visable and were not quite all the way flush with the frame . Not a big problem and most people would not notice it . Overall a very good product at a very reasonable price .
 I love this table it is solid , heavy , and sturdy . EASY to assemble took me 10 to 20 minutes . I posted the pictures above . The table was well packed , so what more can I say everything was just perfect !!
 I was happy to receive more or less what I was looking for -- a cheap , solidly constructed table that looked exactly like the item pictured . Clearly this is n't a top-of-the-line table , but it looks like it does in the pictures and does n't wobble or feel like it might collapse if you sat something on it . In short , it does n't much stand out one way or the other -LRB- neither an amazing piece of artistic-furniture nor a cheap-looking accent piece -RRB- , which is exactly why I like it . The table is delivered in a thin , squarish box and requires a little bit of assembly , but it 'll take you about 5 minutes to throw together so it 's definitely not exactly difficult or intensive to assemble .
 What a great table , especially for the price . It 's solid wood and very sturdy , you can sit on it if you want to . The top is not one solid piece of oak , but many smaller pieces joined together . However , it looks great and is finished well so there are no bumps or inconsistencies . I am goin to purchase another matching end table very soon .
 As others had said , this table is CHERRY . I bought it because I needed a larger table for my walnut chess board and the woods do not match at all -- though the table matches my cherry bookshelves perfectly -LRB- which is what I was hoping for from the other reviews -RRB- . If you order from Amazon directly the packaging will be second to none and the table will arrive quickly.My only complaint was one little chip on the inside of one leg , but it 's well hidden . This is a great product and you should buy without hesitation .
 Love the table it is very well made and sturdy . The first shipment had to be sent back because the apron was lined up incorrectly . That was a hassle , as well as it took me over 3 months to receive the table in the first place -LRB- they had trouble locating it in the warehouse -RRB- . But I am very pleased with the actual table ! It is far more beautiful than the pictures depict . Beautiful wood and very elegant . Very easy assembly .
 before you order , make sure this is the color you want . if you order `` golden oak '' , it is not the real golden oak , or at least this is not what I think is golden oak . the moment i opened the box , I was like , oh . . no ! the top is like the veneer -LRB- yellowish white -RRB- . so , i have to return and order the honey oak . in terms of quality , construction and assembly , it is great . putting the top part of the table is kinda tricky , so it took time . i was able to assemble in 10 mins , being a man with handyman inclination . you just need the right hexa-keys . but real solid and no compromise with the quality . this is exactly the quality I was looking for to adore the living room . thanks amazon for the super hassle-free return policy.then I got the honey oak that exactly mathced my other furnitures and even the wood-flooring in my dining area . wow ! beautiful looking table with a solid quality . adds great value to our living room !
 The product itself is beautiful and sturdy , but due to rather iffy packaging , the finish was chipped off in a NUMBER of places . It makes me worry about how it 'll hold up looks wise with three active toddler boys , a dog and a cat . Over all though , it 's VERY sturdy and looks great for the price !
 1st off these are solid wood , not some cheep MDF partical board . They arrived well packed and in good condition . Very easy to assemble , a 12 yr old could do it . I bought both the coffe table and matching end table and they are of considerable size and I would not be afraid to sit on one , solid as a rock.The one thing that kinda gets my goat is that the advertise `` walnut '' as the color , got ta wonder if these guys are blind or what as they have a red hue to them more like a dark cherry color . I will say that the finnish on these is awesome as far as the shine goes , out of the box they are so shiney that you can see your reflection . Good tables as long as you like the finish
 I purchased a replacement table after my son 's friends broke my original . I love the table and had the originally for many years without problems . The table is generally very sturdy , easy to assemble and attractive . I would highly recommend .
 This coffee table is of sturdy construction , looks great and has a strong finish that does n't seem to stain or mark too easily . Repels water and such . A great choice .
 A very nice looking table . Extremely easy to assemble . Solid wood , nicely rounded , sturdy . We like the color , too -LRB- we ordered walnut . -RRB- The design is a bit conservative , nothing fancy , but with a good touch , so it would fit almost any kind of surroundings . It was well packaged , very easy to unwrap , the instructions concise and clear . I just needed a screwdriver to put it together , and it took me maybe just a bit more than 10 minutes - by far the easiest piece of furniture I 've ever had to assemble . We are very satisfied with it .
 Got this table along with two matching end tables last week . Very easy to assemble -LRB- about 10 minutes -RRB- . One assembled the table is sturdy and feels very solid . All of the pieces arrived in good condition . There were some minor defects such as a rough corner on one of the vertical slats and a small chip in the interior corner of one of the legs . These do n't look to have occurred during shipping -LRB- the packaging was very good -RRB- but rather during production or just part of the wood itself . These very small defects in no way take away from the quality of the table.I initially purchased these tables because they were very sturdy and had a nice simple look but after putting them together I realized just how beautiful they are . All of the pieces are solid wood . The table tops are made from a number of slats giving it a hard wood floor look . Everything is stained evenly and matches very well between the two end tables and the coffee table -LRB- I got the honey oak stain -RRB- . I read other reviews saying that the screws sticking out was a negative but after seeing the tables in person I think the screws complement everything very nicely . Overall , 10/10 for appearance.I am very happy with these . If I had another room that needed to be furnish I would definitely get another set . Plus the price was very reasonable . I look forward to using these for years to come .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the heft of this product . It 's lovely and was very easy to put together even for someone with a disability . I 'm enjoying all the space for magazines underneath .
 Amazing table ; Very easy to assemble and is quite strong and sturdy ... the screwheads for attachments are visible but doesnt matter . Surface is easy to clean and does not scratch easily
 We bought the coffee table and two end tables for the newly furnished basement . The tables match the other light oak furniture very nicely . Good quality product for the price . Easy to assemby . The delivery was much quicker than we anticipated .
 American Furniture Alliance Stanford Mission Oak tables are a joy to put together . It takes about 10 minutes and they are sturdy and solid and look great . I have the coffee table and two end tables and love them .
 The American Furniture Alliance Stanford Mission Coffee Table , honey oak , came rapidly , was as advertised , was easy to assemble , and works well for our intended purpose of having it hold our 42 inch flat screen TV , our DVD/VCR recorder/player , and associated items .
 Hangs beautifully ! Nice subdued shade - not bright or creamy color . Great fit , I 'm excited to wash it & see how it holds up . Looks like great quality . Much nicer than my old one I was trying to match , will be buying the larger one next . Thanks !
 The cordovan color is a much darker maroon then the picture suggests . It 's still a very nice color , just does n't go quite as well with the rest of my decor . It 's also very very thick ! Perfect for a winter comforter , but I would n't suggest it for a Florida purchaser such as myself . :-RRB- It keeps me a little bit too warm .
 I am completely enjoying this comforter - I purchased the package for $ 35 bucks & its completely worth it . It looks great & feels amazing ! Makes it hard to get out of bed in the morning ! The king is HUGE ! No complaints over here .
 The comforter was exactly what was advertised . It was priced wonderfully and delivered far earlier than expected .
 Not bad for a down alternative - color matches the color scheme in bedroom - nice olve color - nice sheen to it - looks expensive .
 Oversized King 300-Thread-Count Down-Alternative Comforter , CordovanThis is the Deal !! This comforter is decribed as oversized ! It fits my King bed the way it is suppose to . The color is a dark burgundy color . Really rich looking ! Machine washable ! Made by a company named National Sleep Products for Sealy ! National Sleep Products is part of Pacific Coast Feather Co. which is a top of the line down comforter maker ! For $ 40 including shipping its a bargin ! Shopped at retailers and this comforter stacks up against the better quality . 300 Thread Count ,100 % Cotton Cover Filled with soft silky fibers . . Matching shams and bed skirt . Hypoallergenic . Machine wash and dry . Buy this one , you will not regret it . Biggest Bang for the Buck ! The other comforters I 've seen are to small . Thanks Jim T
 This is really nice , I got it during the friday sale for $ 35 , but even at $ 40 it is a very good value ! It has a very nice feel to it and fits the bed very well - highly recommended -
 I bought this set -LRB- in Thyme -RRB- to change the look of my bed and was so pleased with it I bought another as a Christmas gift . The only problem I have is that the king comforter is much too large to fit into my extra-large capacity washer/dryer . For the price and the look -- not too mention the luxurious feel -- I 'll gladly schlep it down to the neighborhood laundromat .
 This is actually a comforter set and not just a comforter as stated . You get the comforter , 2 pillow shams and matching bed skirt . The color on the pictures here on Amazon look to be more of a red when in reality it is much more of a maroon color . Very pretty . The maker is actually Sealy . This is a wonderful set for the price and the free shipping makes it totally worth it . I have n't put it on my bed yet , but from what I can see straight out of the box , this is an awesome deal . How often can you change your entire bedding set for this price ?
 What a deal on this comforter . The material is so soft and very high quaility . Great buy ; recommend to everyone .
 If I had known what a great comforter this was , I would have purchased two . It is the prefect size for my King-sized bed . It is so warm , that I do n't need a blanket . It is soft and comfortable.At $ 34.99 it was a great bargain .
 I was a little worried about buying the comforter sight unseen , but it has exceeded my expectations . The quality is better than I 've been able to find in the stores and the fact that a dust ruffle and shams are included is a wonderful bonus . Just to cement the deal , the cat has claimed it as her own and now refuses to sleep anywhere but on the comforter .
 The comforter set is a beautiful colors , very soft , and washes well.The set includes the comforter , 2 pillow shams , and a bedskirt . What a bargain for the price !
 Oversized is what this is . Will need a very large washer and dryer for this thing ! Very heavyweight and nice shinny finish .
 This is very nice , well made , real warm . Love the color , can fit into many decors . Awesome quality .
 This product was purchased for my daughter and son-in law for Christmas . They love it ! I will buy more paintings from this company and highly recommend to others .
 We have a multiple pet household and are always working to keep it fresh . Over time , most vacuums start to get a ` dog smell ' through the exhaust . I tried other products but this is the one that worked . Highly recommend for anyone with dogs or other issues involving vacuum odors . Note that changing the bag on a regular basis , and rinsing the foam filter pad , is also helpful !
 I wish this filter came with the vacuum at purchase ! With two big German Shepard dogs and endless hair about the house my Bosch vacuum was better at cleaning up after them than any other vacuum . The bags are so big that it takes them a while to fill up . This filter greatly reduces that old vacuum bag doggy smell I used to get . I 'm very glad I purchased it . Delivery was very prompt too !
 This brush is very gentle on hardwood and laminate flooring . I debated whether to buy this because my Bosch Formula already comes with a motorized brush that you flip a switch to turn on the brush rollers . However the brush roller is very aggressive and is great for non scratch flooring like tile and vinyl . I have used the Hard Floor Brush and it gets the dirt to where the vacuum can pick it up . The motorized brush without turning on the brush rollers just moves the dust around . I shopped price and Go-Vacuum was the best price , and they were quick to ship .
 I love my new Bosch vacuum and find the Hard Floor Brush necessary for the different flooring surfaces in my home.Best price , fast shipping , very satisfied , highly recommended !
 This floor brush is exactly what I was hoping for . It fits the vacuum perfectly and does the job required . Bosch SHOULD sell this with the vacuum itself . I do n't care for the brush that ACTUALLY comes with the bosch vacuum , as it does not have the bristles and on my Mexican tile could cause sand to scratch the finish . Thank you for having this item for sale !!!
 I bought this for over 2 years , and it is a reliable and nice rice cooker from every point of view.But its porridge program is not optimised for best taste . It might due to less experience in Japanese cooking of congee or gruel . Chinese style of congee tastes better , as the water/rice mix must be boiled first then kept in slow cook condition . There is no boil stage in this porridge program , and the porridge taste is bad.It will not work if you try to use quick program to make the water/rice boiled and then change to porridge program , as error messages are displayed and functions halt until the cooker is cooled to room temperature . For the best taste , I alway boil the water/rice in other pot and then transfer them back to rice cooker that is already set to porridge program.Zojirushi , the top brand of rice cooker , I of course hope its next fuzzy model will improve the porridge program for optimised taste , add steaming function and allow the chef to do creative cooking if need .
 We were skeptical when we opened up this as a gift but it has turned out to be a surprisingly useful , reliable machine . I clearly need to experiment more but even the manual 's basic recipe for chicken broth seasoned rice is amazingly tasty . I have n't had any trouble keeping it clean .
 I do n't think the author 's comment is referring this model because this rice cooker does not use the floating ball mechanism in its valve . I have the same experience as T. Panar `` belldandi '' on using the rice cooker . Cleaning is very easy . And it works very well on different type of rice .
 I eat rice everyday . this one cooks the best rice.I bought it one year ago . my husband was n't very happy when i bought it since the price is a little bit more expensive than others . but when we started to use it . he loved it right away . you will never regret.Easy to use and clean . Timer cooking . Setup programs for different rice .
 This rice cooker has changed my life . Usually I will wake up and put the rice in the cooker and set the timer . By the time I get home the rice is ready and I can finish cooking dinner within half hr . The best part is you can select the texture of your rice .
 I bought this for my retirement/vacation home . I had 5 cup version using it every day and just recently order inside pot .
 Ive had this rice cooker for over 4 years now . It makes the best rice . I like the fact that you have options to chose from and cook your rice accordingly to your preferences . The only thing is I dont like is that it takes alot longer for rice to cook . Ive had the tiger and elephant brand and they cook alot faster , but they dont have as many options -LRB- sweet rice , sushi rice , porridge -RRB- .
 I recently acquired this rice cooker after having to deal with a year 's worth of scorched rice that came from my previous rice cooker -LRB- a Toastmaster -RRB- . This machine is awesome !! Not only does it make a perfect pot of rice every time , but having the different settings makes it so much more than just a rice cooker . The first morning I owned it , I used it to make the best oatmeal I 've EVER had -LRB- the steel-cut kind , not the instant -RRB- ! It 's very well designed , easy to use , and very easy to clean thanks to it 's non-stick cooking pot . It also has an extended keep-warm function , which keeps rice warm and yummy for up to 12 hours . The timer function is a nice touch , too - I can program it in the morning when I leave for work , and when I get home my rice is waiting!If you 're looking for a rice cooker that will last a very long time , this one 's a great investment .
 I really like rice , and never really cooked it before this because it was too much trouble to make it perfectly and not burn it . This is a great appliance for those who want to make perfect rice every time , and a lot of other recipes . I recently purchased a book for fuzzy logic rice cookers and it adds so much more functionality to the cooker . Even though it ca n't steam , it can make dozens of different recipes . If you like rice , even if you do n't eat it very often , get this appliance and you wo n't be disappointed , and you 'll start eating it all the time .
 I am Chinese and I was raised with rice , I have seen and used so many different rice cookers in my life , and this is one of the best/easiet one that I have ever purchased . I have always had good experiences with Zojirushi products -LRB- we also have the water boiler -RRB- . We ran into this one when we were shopping for a new rice cooker a few months back in a local retail store . We were debating if we should spend that much $ on a rice cooker but I just felt in love with all the functions it offers . After using it I have to say , it is worth every penny !!
 I absolutely love this thing . I use it constantly , for both rice and oatmeal . It almost has a happy little personality of its own . The rice it makes is delicious , with a texture that is not achievable by boiling in a pan . I am pleasantly surprised - extremely convenient if you like to eat rice . These folks seem to have thought of everything . Even the measuring is made simple . The pan is very easy to clean ; the buttons are logical and not hard to learn . I especially like putting my oatmeal on the timer so that it is all nice and hot , ready for me when I wake up . I ca n't say enough good things , and I am not a person who likes to have appliances cluttering up my kitchen .
 I have been cooking rice for a better part of my life . I grew up using a basic rice cooker . It did the job , but since moving out on my own it never made sense to have an appliance just for rice , especially since I do n't eat rice everyday and often eating out . Besides , for me cooking rice in a pot on the stove was never a big deal , I do it very well . However , I 'm a mom of two now , sometimes even cooking 2 different meals , so its tough to keep an eye on the pot . There are times I have to do some juggling with the pots just to cook the rice . If you are even momentarily distracted ... rice burns fast and its an awful mess to clean ... one of the worst!After much thoughtful contemplation I forked over the money and purchased this model with all the bells and whistles . I was n't sure if it was really necessary to pay all this money for cooking rice . Afterall , rice is not an expensive commodity , it just seemed so decadent.Well , I love this rice cooker !! Yes , it cooks great rice , that 's a given.However its made my life so much easier , its like having an assistant in the kitchen . I set the timer and I either have hot rice for the kids lunches or hot rice for dinner ... infact hot rice anytime I want because I 've actually held the rice for 2 days straight and its still fine for eating . It is easy to measure out the rice and the guides in the pot will tell me how much water to add . Of course now we eat rice more often than before . I prepare the rice anytime I have a moment and press the timer/start button -LRB- usually the night before -RRB- . This is true set it and forget it ! One less thing to think about during the mad rush to get a meal on the table . Then I just have to concentrate on the main course and vegetables when its time to fix dinner . Usually a vegetable and a quick stew , panfried chicken , steak , grilled fish or even meatloaf . Everything goes well with rice.The next best part is the clean up . No more soaking pots . The nonstick interior means clean up is a snap . Way back before nonstick , if you did n't soak the pot after each meal , you 'd have a real chore before starting the next batch.Rice cookers have come a long way and I 'm so glad I 've taken another look at them again . You do n't even have to cook asian style to appreciate a rice cooker . I think this is a must if you cook meals everyday and do n't have much time to mess around in the kitchen . I wish I had bought it sooner .
 This machine is ridiculously easy to use - rinse off the rice , add the appropriate amount of water and push the cook button . The final product is always perfect . Long grain , sushi , brown rice , porridge - it all comes out wonderfully . My 18 yo put this above pots and pans on her moving out on her own list . The twelve hour warming feature is fantastic as well . We 've made rice for dinner , then eaten the leftovers for breakfast , and is not dried out or anything .
 This rice cooker cooks perfect rice everytime ... and it can keep the rice perfect for a day or so . Spend the extra $ $ and get this one . 1 cup ... 10 cups ... dont matter ... it always does a great job . Very high quality product .
 This rice cooker works great . My only complaint is with Amazon . This is the 2nd non-book item I 've ordered from Amazon and I do n't understand why these items are only shipped in their mfg packaging with no exterior boxing . Thankfully this item arrived in good shape . This is something to think about when ordering non-book items from Amazon .
 This is one of my favorite gadgets and can not live without items . I do a lot of cooking and have had this machine for about 1 year . When it is rice time -LRB- and i tend to cook a lot of it since I bought this machine -RRB- , I set the machine and by the time the rest of the dinner is ready , the rice is cooked and ready to eat without worrying about it . I can concentrate on the items on the menu . As you can tell , my meals always include several items . For a busy person , this is worth every penny of it . There is a battery in the machine which will eventually need to be replaced , but I called the company and they said if you keep the machine plugged in , the battery should last at least 6 years or more .
 I was a bit hesitant to spend so much on a rice cooker . From my 20 + years of making white rice almost daily , a rice cooker is a rice cooker . After using this machine everyday for 2 months , I find it to be no different from the many others I had used of similar style -LRB- ie a non-removable outer lid and a removable inner lid -RRB- , except that it has something I desperately in need of -- a timer . The quality of the cooked rice is the same , though it takes almost twice as long to cook and reheat as other cookers . As another reviewer mentioned , I too do n't particularly care for the condensation dripping , but I did not find the gross build-up . I find this cooker to be more bulky than my previous 10-cup cooker . However , because of the timer , I am very happy with this machine .
 I had a basic steamer rice cooker before this and the rice would always burn to the bottom . I found out about this online and was not sure about it at first because of the price , which honestly is a lot of money . I decided to go for it and it is worth every penny . Instead of dreading using my old rice cooker I now look forward to using this because it is SO easy . It really is fool proof and is very durable . I have had it for a year now and nothing has gone wrong with it . It does take a bit longer than some other rice cookers but it is worth the wait because the rice comes out perfect every time . This is one of the best kitchen products I own . Clean up is also very simple .
 You can say goodbye to burnt rice once you start using this machine . Rice indeed tastes better!Warts
 This is the best thing that has ever happened to my kitchen . Sure there were knives , colanders , new cookware , and so on . None of it is quite as awesome as this rice cooker . Sure some people ask me why I bought it when you can make rice in a pot on the stove ? Well I ask those people , why do you have a microwave , or even a stove ? You could just go out in your backyard and set up a bonfire , set up your pots and pans and go at it each night . Sounds extreme , I know , but that 's what you 're doing if you do n't own this rice cooker . It makes my world a better place . I will only buy from the elephant when it comes to my home appliances -LRB- that 's the zojirushi elephant for those who had n't quite figured that out -RRB- .
 I love love love this rice cooker . It was finally time that I got a decent cooker . Do n't bother buying a cheap rice cooker . It is a waste of money and they really ca n't compare to using a machine like this .
 I get this rice cooker for the description product and the brand , but never I ca n't to imagine that this rice cooker is excellent !!!! with this rice cooker I do n't have any more problems about what quantity of water and cup of rice , this rice cooker can to adjust the temperature on the walls depending the quantity of water and obtain good rice !!! then free worries about measurement of water . For example 2 cup rice / 2 cup water but if you put put 3 cup the water to 2 cup of rice the rice cooker adjust the temperature and you can get good rice !! Everyday I use rice and different styles
 The rice cooker has a lot of functions that we love !! Mostly we like all the automated settings that it has . The `` throw the stuff in there and start at a certain time '' is awesome ! Especially because the housekeeper can prepare the rice for us and set it to start cooking later on that day . The little chime that it plays when the rice is done is really cute . Sometimes the rice is a little hard for our hispanic taste ... perhaps , that texture is fine for other cooking styles . It takes soooooooooooooooooooooo long to cook . We like making the rice mushy like our cuban parents made for us which takes a long time . It is a really nice size , especially if making large amounts of rice is necessary in your kitchen . It is perfect for when we have guests . The design is cute but it does take up a lot of counter space . Overall , if I would be purchasing one again , I might not opt for this one but i 'm not completely disatisfied .
 I purchased this cooker as a present for myself this past Christmas , and boy was this ever a great gift ! My husband is a rice junkie , and this makes good rice every time.On the directions/manual : It took me a little bit to read through the directions ; they are a bit hard to follow . I found that the continuous interspersing of multiple languages -LRB- and some peculiar English - they liked the phrase `` tasty rice '' to describe well-cooked rice -RRB- to be a bit troublesome for continuity . I was really unsure of cooking the first time , but after two trial batches , I found cooking to be a breeze.On cleaning : One -LRB- low-star recommendation -RRB- reviewer said about the lid not coming off to clean properly ; this is not the case . Granted the lid is not non-stick like the pan , but I ca n't say that I ever had more than the littlest bit of rice starch show up between the inner lid and the outer cover . The inner lid is fully removable , and just needs wiped when warm to fully clean . To clean the pan , I found that removing all excess rice at the end of the meal , and then leaving the pan sit open until the next morning makes all the rest of the rice starch dry up . It only then takes me about 3 minutes to clean the cooking bowl , as well as the remainder of the cooker.On cooking length : It takes 35-48 minutes to cook regular basmati rice . This seems like a rather long time , but since preparation is so quick , it is n't that much of a nuisance . Rather it 's just an inconvenience if you want to eat soon -LRB- and you probably will , the rice really is GOOD -RRB- ! Extras : I find that this cooker is a perfect traveler for family functions as well . I normally make chili for family gatherings -LRB- slow cooker -RRB- , and making if I make rice in this sucker before I leave , I just have to unplug it , and if the cover stays closed , I have found the rice to still be pleasantly warm up to 3 or 4 hours after it was unplugged.Hope this helps !
 First of all , I am an Asian who eats rice every meal , everyday . I bought this product second-handed from a Japanese student who were moving back to Japan . This rice cooker has served me more than 10 years and it is just as good as a new one . The timer is a * MUST * for a working mother like me . I always measure the rice and water and put them in the rice cooker in the morning , set the timer , and left for work . When I come home with two hungry kids screaming for food , usually around 6:30 , the rice is hot and steamy . While my preschooler set up the table , I would grill a pre-marinated meat/fish , stirfry vegetables that I prewashed last night . The dinner is ready in l0 minutes !! There is no doubt the rice cooker is my life-saver . The rice cooker has won over my parents and friends who visited me from Asia , they claim it cooks better rice than what they have in Asia . Much to their suprise is the `` warmer '' function . Most of the rice cookers keep the rice warm but the rice become dry , hard and yellow after couple hours . This one keeps the flavor and texture of the cooked rice for hours . So if you are crazy about authentic Japanese and Chinese type of rice , inclduing rice for making shushi , invest this one and it will live up to your expectation for a really long time .
 This is the machine that made my husband love rice . He was never that enthusiastic before so I figure it 's a big accomplishment.The instruction manual that comes with the machine leaves a lot to be desired , however if you have a good recipe book like `` The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' , the possibilies are endless.In regard to the review about the machine being difficult to clean-I do n't understand that comment . The inner lid pops out and you 're supposed to clean it after each use - always comes clean for me and I use the cooker to make oatmeal which always makes a lovely gooey mess.I 've used the machine since July at least 6 times a week and I absolutely love it . My advice to anyone having trouble ... file the instruction manual and buy `` The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' . Problem solved .
 Now I know what you are thinking . Why would anyone pay over $ 100 for a rice cooker ? Heck , you can find other 's for less than $ 50 . But let me explain ... it is worth the money.Once I got over the sticker shock and bought this bad boy , I made sushi rice . It turned out perfectly ! It was the proper consistancy , texture , and even temperature . When I think of how many times I made rice using the stove and the so-so results ... uugghhh ... I should have bought this sooner.Okay ... so now I have a great rice cooker , now what ? Well , for starters , it also makes great oatmeal . Yes ... . oatmeal . Forget those little single serving packets , go out and buy the steel-cut variety -LRB- larger grocery stores now carry it in the bulk food section -RRB- . I set it for the `` porridge '' selection and use the white cup -LRB- not the green pre-washed -RRB- to measure out the proper amount . Add the correct amount of water -LRB- marked inside the pan -RRB- and start the machine . About an hour later , you 'll be treated to the best homemade oatmeal , smooth and creamy in texture with a flavor that puts the packets to shame.If you are the impatient sort , I suggest making use of the two timers . I have set one in time for breakfast and the other for dinner . Then , the night before , I simply put the ingredients in , make the proper selections on the cooker , and let the timer do it 's magic . In the morning , I wake up to the aroma of oatmeal and simply have to get out a bowl , some cream , and brown sugar . -LRB- Oh , I do put raisins in with the oatmeal overnight , and they plump up beautifully -RRB- . A quick wash after breakfast , and I put rice and water in it for dinner.Besides oatmeal and rice , I have also been experimenting with soups . And yes , they turn out quite nice . I make a selection -LRB- since there is not a `` soup '' item in the menu -RRB- based on the amount of time ... refer to the manual for this . So I make the appropriate selection based on time and have wonderful soups that I do n't have to worry about burning or sticking . And since the cooker has the ` stay warm ' feature , I do n't have to worry about overcooking and vegetables or noodles turning to mush . Now when I am preparing a large meal for friends/family , I bring this into service for more than just rice dishes.Speaking of which , it 's a pleasure to come home at night to freshly cooked rice . For sushi rice , I simply prepare a vinegar/sugar sauce and incorporate that into the rice with the paddle . The rice stays the perfect temperature and texture even if I arrive home an hour late or more!Oh , please be sure to use the correct cup , white versus green . The first time I made rice , I used the white cup when I was actually using pre-washed rice . As a result , some water bubbled out of the top near the end of the cooking cycle . Once I used the correct cup , I have never experienced that again.This is an appliance that I leave on my counter all the time . If I am ever in doubt what to fix for a meal , I simply look over at it and think `` rice '' for dinner . Sushi , stir fry , thai , is never that far away . And I can prepare the rest of the meal while the rice cooks.If you like rice dishes and/or homemade oatmeal . . and even soups , do n't pass up on this . The larger size makes it convenient for group dinners or parties .
 This is an amazing machine . Not only does it cook a variety of rices to perfection , but it does an even better job on whole grains and beans . It also works well for cooking one pot meals . My favorite use for the cooker is for breakast , the porridge cycle produces fantastic rice porridge as well as splendid oatmeal . Using the timer function we can put our contents in before leaving for work and dinner is ready when we get home . We use it every day and it is a total breeze to operate and cleanup is very easy . The investment seems like a lot before you buy it , but after a couple of months it seems like a ...
 I have owned a couple older Zojirushi rice cookers over the years . And they all have served me very well . I 've never had trouble with one - I just keep upgrading whenever they come out with a newer model.This machine is very easy to clean if you follow the directions . In addition , as with every rice cooker , you need to use the measuring cup that comes with it . All very clearly spelled out in the manual.The machine cooks PERFECT rice . I just ca n't say enough good things about it . You rinse the rice first -LRB- this is critical -RRB- . Put the rice and water in the bowl , press the buttons and walk away . You come back to perfect rice.And this model has a lot of different rice settings - it is very flexible . White rice , harder white , softer white , brown rice , no-rinse rice , mixed rice ... . its incredible.You really should get one of these .
 Like others , the price scared me a little on this little guy , but let me say it was well worth it . Obviously , this thing makes great rice , but the real kicker is that it makes awesome oatmeal and hot breakfast cereals ! -LRB- and hot and ready when you wake up -RRB- Before I got this rice cooker , all I knew of oatmeal was quaker quick oats ... and even though it was `` quick '' it was still too much time for too little taste . This little guy will introduce you to such things as steel cut oats -LRB- THE best tasting oatmeal out there -RRB- , farina , apple granola oatmeal and more -LRB- be sure to get the Ultimate Rice cooker book -RRB- . Even my 1 year old daughter LOVES the oatmeal out of here -LRB- as does my wife -RRB- . I now feel like the Cleaver family eating hot oatmeal 3 times a week with my family ! No doubt it is worth the extra $ $ $ .
 I have had this rice cooker for several months now ... my husband teased me when I ordered it that it would soon be gathering dust in a cupboard , but I still use it a few times a week . It really does make the most perfect rice , and I have tried loads of types ... basmati , American long grain , all types of brown rice and brown/wild rice blends , sushi rice . I 've also made steel cut oatmeal - everything comes out perfectly . I bought the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook , which has a gorgeous recipe for chicken chili - all made in the rice cooker , no pots and pans to wash up ! And the nonstick pan is a breeze to clean , even when I cook the rice in coconut milk or other liquids . Most recently , I 've started using the timer feature - I put the rice and liquid in in the morning and set it to be done at a specific time . The rice is perfectly cooked when I get home from work and it only takes a few minutes to toss together a quick stirfry or some other main course . I really ca n't recommend this cooker highly enough , and I hope this review is helpful .
 I cook rice frequently as I am from New Orleans and cook a great deal of Louisiana-style food - red beans and rice , jambalaya , gumbo , dirty rice , rice stuffing for chicken or turkey , you get the idea . Long-grain white rice.My wife is from TX and cooks Tex-Mex food , so more rice , of course - mostly brown rice.Finally , we both cook basic Chinese and Thai food dishes as well , so more rice -LRB- jasmine rice -RRB- . This cooker turns out perfect rice time after time , no matter what cooking method you choose or what type of rice you cook . The rice keeps warm and moist for hours until you use it , enabling you to cook all the rice you need for a big meal well in advance of the mad rush to bring all of the food off of the stove at the same time . And it is so intuitive and easy to use.Highly recommended!BTW , it also makes great grits -LRB- and cheese grits -RRB- for those of you from the South .
 Shop around . I bought mine online for $ 177 with free shipping . I love this rice cooker . I have made rice , oatmeal -LRB- not instant -RRB- , grits -LRB- not instant -RRB- , spagehtti , one pot meals all in this one machine . The only thing it does n't have is a steamer tray . But you can lay vegtables or meat on top of the rice to steam . I recomend a search online to find some recipes and/or buy the ultimate ricecooker cookbook . There are a few recipes that come with the machine but to use it to it 's full potential you need additional information . www.sallyskitchen.com/html/recipes.html has some good ideas but there are more out there if you search . This rice cooker is easy to clean but you must remember to take off the inner lid to clean and dry after each use . Condensation builds up in the inner lid and could rust or become moldy if not properly dried before storage . It is very easy to use . I love the timer but you have to remember that the time you set is the time that you want the food to done not the time you want it to start cooking . You can put in your oatmeal set the timer for when you wake up and in the morning you have a hot cereal waiting for you on the warm cycle . You can leave it on the warm cycle and shower , get dressed and never have to worry about it over cooking , burning , or getting cold .
 This item was purchased to replace a 20 + year old oven . Different mounting holes from the original but the included paper template made it a straightforward installation . Total install time was approximately one hour . Can be completed by one person but two is easier . A leading consumer magazine considers this a &#8220; best buy &#8221; in their Jan/04 issue . The $ 50 rebate was received in about 6 weeks . A Panasonic web page allows one to track a rebate &#8217; s progress . Generic charcoal filters are available from Home Depot for $ 15 a pair . Vent fan will turn on automatically when the internal temperature reaches a certain point . For example , when there &#8217; s a lot of activity on the stovetop below . This is a feature that protects the internal electronic components . The night-light doesn &#8217; t activate the fan ! Overall , a great purchase for $ 199 .
 I purchased this MicroHood in December and had it installed in a new home . Delivery was held up due to scheduling delivery with the contractors and the Christmas rush of shipments that UPS had to deal with , but it arrived without damage.The unit far exceeds my expectations in its cooking ability . Everything we have used it for , from warming up coffee to cooking vegetables , has come out perfectly hot without hot spots . It does a good job of keeping food warm without overcooking . We thought we would only use it occasionally , but is so easy to use and does it so well , we 've ended up using it at almost every meal . The fan noise is more than we expected , however there are three settings for the fan and the lowest setting moves considerable air with little noise . The floor of the unit does get hot when the lights are used but we have not experienced any delay in cooking related to a cool down cycle . We have not received the $ 50.00 rebate yet , though the information with the rebate does say to allow 6-8 weeks for delivery . I would n't take the rebate as a deciding factor.We love our MicroHood and recommend it in spite of the noise , heat and rebate issues . After all , who can find fault with an appliance that is so curtious it tells you to ` ENJOY YOUR MEAL ' after it finishes cooking ?!
 I ordered this unit on December 5th to replace a Kenmore model , even using the SuperSaver service it was delivered on December 10th at a total cost of $ 199.99 from Amazon . I also sent in the paperwork to Panasonic for a $ 50 rebate which should lower the total cost even more.Installation was straightforward and its operation has been flawless . The performance of the automated settings for cooking and reheating have far exceeded my previous experiences . Foods have cooked evenly and to a proper stage . The shiny black finish is attractive and easy to clean , but fingerprints do show more prominently than they did on the unit that was replaced.I have only three relatively minor cautions
 We bought this microwave for $ 199 last month from Amazon.com . What a good price plus there was free shipping and the $ 50 rebate ! We never had an over-the-range microwave before and did not know what to expect with the install or the size of it . It is huge compared to our old counter top model and it was not too difficult to install . The fan is ultra quiet compared to our old fan - I do not understand how any one can say it is loud . Also we have used to light as a night light all night long , and never had the fan come on as the other review noted.The buttons are easy to follow and the food cooks much better then in our old microwave . Also the plate never gets hot as it did for us in our old oven . And the food cooks not just on the outside edges , but in the middle as well equally ! Amazingly good quality at an amazingly good price ! We love it . And it is very pretty in white . The two level cooking with the shelf is awesome as well . The best quality microwave you can find at it price for sure !
 I purchased this futon frame for a friend of mine , she needed it for her new place.Being a fan of wooden furniture , the wood quality of this futon is pretty solid , they do not feel cheap at all . I would have given this futon a 5 star if it was n't for the amount of time that my friend and I spent to put this thing together.The problem lies in the arm rests of this futon . There is one sticker labeled L and R on each side of the arm rest . The instruction was not clear on whether the arm rest with L label should be on the Left side of us when we are facing the futon or when we are sitting down on the futon , and vice versa for the arm rest with R sticker . With L and R confusion , we based our assembling on the diagrams that came with the futon , and it turned out that the diagrams themselves were not obvious either.Having to disassemble and reassemble the metal frame plus the 2 hinges of the futon for total of at least 6 times , we finally got the futon working correctly !! Boy , what a piece of work for 2 gals !! LoL !! Anyhow , overall , the futon itself looks pretty nice and my friend really liked it ; to me , it is sturdy and worth the price -LRB- $ 182 sold by Amazon -RRB- . And as for our left and right arm rest issue , the arm with L sticker is on your left side when you are FACING the futon .
 Love the expresso color . Does not look cheap . The product did have one chip in the wood upon arrival , but we decided to just fix it instead of sending it back . -LRB- It was mostly together when we noticed the blemish -RRB- . Sturdy and easy to assemble . Fairly easy to fold down . Very happy with our purchase .
 I 've owned a few futons in my life , this is a nice looking frame , aesthetically it compares to units costing much more than twice its price . The wood is sturdy and niceWas shipped in 3 packages with 2 strapped together , everything packed excellently.My only real gripe is that the folding mechanism is not very sturdy , it reality I 'm surprised it works at all . That and there is a lot of give in the frame , it bends a lot . The metal is n't very ridgid it seems.But it suits our needs ; a couch in the computer room to hang out on that can be converted to a bed for guests . At a great price !
 I ordered this in a hurry for a houseguest , the basic construction was very easy , delivery was right on time , only one wing nut was improperly manufactured , I feel it was not meant for active use by children , it creeks when my children get on and move around too much , but the fame is strong enough for my 250lbs . buddy and his wife , all around good , minus wing nut that I had to replace .
 this poster was good , i meant to say one was good and other was bad , they were not both bad quality-the love affair one is unclear too dark on the image his face part , but this one is great little poster .
 i love how thick this is it is perfect for framing . i would advise the seller that you want this mailed in a flat parcel because of how thick it is it curls easily in the tube . great purchase tho i do love it
 I bought this toaster 3 months ago and I have no regrets at all , it is very fast to heat and also reasonably priced.I mainly use it for re-heating pizza , sometimes pieces of baguettes -LRB- hey , bread again feels like just-made ! -RRB- and to make sandwiches . Although a experienced cooker may get a lot more from it .
 This is a very comfortable pillow but it is smaller than I thought it would be . It seems like it is for a kid rather than for an adult . Being from Pacific Coast , it is a very high quality pillow and the microfiber cover is very soft to the touch . A great product , but a little on the small side .
 I just received this pillow as a birthday gift and love it . I have always found Pacific Coast to have very high quality products and this pillow is no exception . The fabric is soft and the fill is perfect mix of support & feather down . I agree with previous reviewer that the pillow is smaller compared to others I 've seen . However , I am 5 ' 4 '' and the pillow fits me perfectly . I really would not want a larger pillow for me .
 The feather bed rest pillow was purchased for my husband . He was about to have major surgery and would be bed bound for some time . This pillow is just wonderful ! It is soft but firm enough to do the job . This pillow will serve us for many years . Oh , he is doing very well !
 We 'd had our previous rice cooker for about 21 years , and I was pretty skeptical that the new ones could do something as simple as cooking rice any better than the older style -LRB- non-computerized -RRB- ones.I was wrong.This one cooks more consistently , keeps cooked rice fresher for far longer , and is easier to clean than our older Zojirushi .
 Yeah , it costs a bunch . Yeah , you see $ 30 cookers in Costco and wonder what the difference is.Forget all of that . Just believe the reviews , and get this cooker . You wo n't be disappointed . Perfect rice , every time , on time , and all of a sudden life is that much better . I bought mine here on Amazon , and love it . If you like making meals with rice , you 'll find yourself going out of your way to make more because this is such a joy to use.Well done , Zojirushi . Well done .
 This rice cooker has been very reliable for us . In fact it is the brand that everyone in our family uses . The consistency of the rice is always the same and the keep warm feature is a great plus for always having hot rice available when needed . When cooking white rice you just follow the general directions of using the included measuring cup for the rice and the measuring lines in the cooking bowl for water . It also does a nice job with brown rice , though the measuring is different
 This rice cooker is great and gives great flavor to your rice . . I have had mine for over 2 years and use it all the time . . The only complaint I have is it takes a long time for the rice to cook . . It can take over an hour depending on how many cups of rice you have . . I also like how easy it is to clean it . . Since the rice pot comes out of the machine you can clean it with out worry of hurting the machine it self . . I have put fresh veggies and all diffrent kinds of liquids in it and it always comes out great . .
 This was one of the best wedding gifts we got
 UPDATE REVIEW -LRB- November 2012 -RRB- : I 've owned this rice cooker for more than 3 years now . Still works great ! The steam lid/liner -LRB- see below -RRB- is holding up very well , which I wash in the sink after each use . The bottom of the removable metal bowl has some scratches in it but the non-stick surface is holding up , as I 've been careful by using a soft sponge to wash it out . I also learned to used the timer modes on it , which I use in the early morning so that I can have hot rice already cooked up and ready to eat by the time I get home from work in the afternoon . I give a strong recommendation on any future upgrade of this particular Zoriushi model!ORIGINAL REVIEW -LRB- March 2009 -RRB- : I bought this to make Japanese rice , which I do 2-3 times a week . I also bought this to replace my older rice cooker which had no fancy auto features or a clock/timer . My older one was a 10-cup cooker , but I 've never used it beyond 4 cups , so this 5-cupper is great for a small family . I use it for 2 or 3 cups of rice-making . Quality of the rice is a lot better on this model if you follow the directions . I also like the pre-washed rice feature since the rice I buy comes like that . It also takes longer to make rice on this one than on my cruder rice -LRB- I say it now takes 45 mins vs 30 mins on the old model -RRB- , but like I said I like the quality of the cooked rice better on this.The weaknesses on this model are
 Expensive rice cooker but you get what you paid for ! It cooks perfectly . I 've never liked brown rice before , but this cooker makes it taste great . It 's easy to clean as well , because it does not boil over , unlike other switch type rice cookers we 've had . Since we eat rice almost every day , I regret not buying it sooner ! We use it for white rice , brown rice , and porridge , and they all come out just right .
 As vegans , my boyfriend and I cook rice nearly every day . This rice cooker makes cooking rice really easy and honestly makes the best tasting rice we 've ever made . Cleaning is easy because all of the pieces are removable and snap back into place . The only downside to the cooker is that it comes with two measuring cups
 this is a fantastic rice maker - especially if you like to make several different types of rice.the `` keep warm '' feature keeps the rice VERY warm - with out scorching the bottom.our only set backs have been , that rice takes at least and hr . to make - as opposed to my original little rice steamer -LSB- that made terrible rice . -RSB- And that the timer in on a 24 hr count . We have mistakenly tried to have rice at 4 pm , and , ended up having to cancel and hit start , due to user error of setting it for 4 am.as for the previous reviewers who complained that this does not make enough rice - it IS the smallest one in the series , and there are larger versions of this . we find that we can make plenty of rice for 4 servings.also , keep and read the instruction book . it is great fun . and very helpful.this rice maker plays `` twinkle twinkle little star '' when the rice starts cooking - and something else when it finishes . despite the novelty of this feature , it can be changed to beeps , or turned off completely . its the kind of technology we brag to our friends about , to counter their endless talk of giant HDTVs and so forth .
 i 've owned this product for about 3 months . all the good reviews here are true . perfect rice every time , as long as you follow the suggested water to rice ratio.a tip on the price : before ordering it from amazon , look for it in Asian supermarkets , they might have it for less .
 Been married to a Korean for 30 years , rice is a family staple . Its quality is of critical importance . This cooker meets my wife 's stringent requirements . I is definitely worth the expense .
 The fuzzy logic rice cooker is amazing . It took me over two years of drooling over it before I finally gave in and bought this two hundred dollar appliance . I am so happy that I did . My kitchen is full of top of the line culinary gadgets and this by far is the best . In frequency of use it comes only second after the panini press . I love this machine . I have n't had rice this good since my trip to Japan in 04 . I also love the feature that lets me set the exact time for the rice to be finished .
 I purchased this rice cooker during a promoting Amazon had , which saved me $ 50 , and it was the brand that I wanted . It 's very easy to use ; either use the green cup -LRB- for pre-sifted rice -RRB- or the clear cup -LRB- for regular rice -RRB- , add water , and press the start button.This rice cooker live up to all its claims , and delivers the goods . If you have no special need in timers , cooking porridge or brown rice , then this rice cooker is overkill -LRB- big time -RRB- and you can purchase a less expensive model -LRB- such as the Zojirushi NS-MYC10 -LRB- 5 cup model -RRB- , or the NS-MYC18 model -LRB- 10 cup -RRB- -RRB- . The only annoyance -LRB- very minor -RRB- , was each time you started to cook , this rice cooker has to make a sound -LRB- either a beep , or twinkle-twinkle little star -RRB- . I have n't found a way to make it silent when it starts or ends cooking -LRB- without beeping or playing a melody -RRB- . A minor annoyance , but other than that this is a very good rice cooker .
 I am amazed by the rice prepared by my Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 . It indeed prepares the best rice I have ever had in this country . i personally think the rice cooker prepares sushi rice the best . It is a little expensive , I acknowledge , and most of my friends do not understand why I would invest such a sum in a rice cooker . But I am still happy for the decision I made .
 I just got this machine and absolutely love it . I will follow up with this review in six months , but so far , great!It seems that the ones who do n't like this machine either want to cut corners by not reading instructions ... or by not properly cleaning the machine . Very easy to clean , easy to remove the upper lid and ring.As far as cooking longer , there is a reason that those eating a traditional Japanese meal live longer and have less illness . Preparation is crucial when eating in Japan , and the `` process '' is the important part of most prep . Try making sushi in 3 minutes ... The way to best use this machine is to PLAN your meals and prepare in advance . Slow down ... you will live longer.Good health and good eating !
 I actually bought this product several months ago and I still love it and use it often . I cook mostly Japanese white rice and it 's perfect everytime . The Keep Warm feature sure comes in handy . I add the amount of cups -LRB- with cup provided -RRB- of rice I want , rinse the rice , add water to the appropriate marker -LRB- example
 I 'm a Japanese so I have high expectation for a rice cooker so I have researched many product before I bought this , and I love this one ! Rice cooked by the last rice cooker tasted very dried and old for the second day in the past . With this rice cooker , the rice tastes very good even for 2nd and 3rd day ! -LRB- we have always eaten the same Japanese brand rice . -RRB- Also , the price is very reasonable for this quality .
 I had a $ 25 rice cooker for years which i used at least 3 times a week . Finally decided to splurge and get the real deal and it has been absolutely worth every penny.-The rice comes out perfectly , better than any my old rice cooker ever made . Fluffy , moist but not mushy , with just the right amount of bite.-The cooking bowl has measurements listed on the inside to tell you how much water to add.-It is very easy to clean.-It is small and the cord is retractable meaning i can just leave it on my counter all the time.-It is nice looking.-I find it very easy to use . Having read through tons of reviews on these things before purchase , i do n't know why some people seem to think it 's complicated ... you do n't really even need the booklet to figure it out . Put the rice in , put the water in , close the lid , press the cook button . Easy peasy.UPDATE 09.01.12-My Zojirushi works as well today as it did the first day i bought it . Everything in my first review remains true and i would still -LRB- and have on several occasions -RRB- recommend it to anyone who prepares rice on a regular basis .
 I purchased this rice maker a year ago and we have being using almost every day . I love it because it makes perfect white and brown rice . Not only that , but I also use to reheat leftovers . It always come out nice and moist . Since microwave is not a really good way to cook , we decided to ditch it and we started to reheat our leftovers on our toaster oven , but sometimes it would come out dry and not so tasty , so I started using this rice maker and it does perfectly . It 's fast and it 's hot !
 In the past I 've either cooked rice on the stovetop , in the microwave or in one of those rinky dink rice cookers that amounts to not much more than a steamer . But when I got this little gadget as a wedding gift , it completely rocked my world . I will never go back . It cooks perfect rice every time . The instructions are easy to follow , and the little song at the start and finish of each batch is the perfect touch .
 I bought this rice cooker four years ago . This is the best investment I have made in the kitchen . You will not regret the purchase . I highly recommend this product .
 I have had this for a few weeks now and all I can say is good things . I got it mostly for brown rice . I could never get it right on the stove top . This cooker gets it right every time . I can not say enough good things . If your a rice eater , spend the money and buy today .
 I 've had this rice cooker for over a year now . Simply put , it 's amazing . I know it seems crazy to drop a ton of money on a rice cooker , but like any quality appliance , you 'll get a lot of use out of it . I paid $ 170 for it in 2008 , so it 's a little weird to see that it costs more now.Pros : Extremely easy to clean . I wait until it 's cooled down , then I dump out crumbs into the trash and let the bowl part soak for a few minutes . I wipe the inside gently with a soft sponge and all the residue comes off . Zero effort . The top piece is never dirty after one use , and you 're supposed to clean it after each use , so all in all it takes only a couple minutes to clean this thing.The timer feature is incredibly useful . I 'm currently doing a master 's program , so I do n't always have time to cook . I set the rice cooker for 6pm , and my rice is done at 6pm . It makes eating healthy brown rice ridiculously easy.It makes fantastic rice every time . I have never had a bad batch of rice , unless I somehow mess up the water to rice ratio . I usually use regular/sushi for white rice and the brown setting for brown . Cooking brown rice takes a while , but it 's worth it for the texture and taste.I like the front LCD panel.The self-retracting cord is very nice.The rice cooker does n't take up a whole lot of counter space.Cons : Cooking brown rice takes an hour and a half or so . White rice cooks in under an hour . This is a big con for some people , but since I use the timer setting most of the time , it 's not an issue . You can set it up to cook up to 24 hours in advance . I could set it at night and then have my rice ready at 6pm the next day . So , for some people the long cooking time is a con , but for me it 's not really a big issue.Price . This thing is expensive , but I think it 's worth the $ 170 I paid.Not necessarily a con , but 5.5 cups is not 5.5 US cups . It 's 5.5 of the cup that comes with the rice cooker . Remember that the green cup is for pre-washed rice and the clear cup is for every other kind . The measurement difference might bother some people who need to make a lot of rice all at once , but since I only make enough rice for me , I do n't have a problem with it.This cooker is probably way more than the average person needs because it has so many settings , but the rice it makes is so good that I think it justifies the cost . It never burns the bottom of the rice , which is excellent.Overall this is a great product and I definitely recommend it . As a final thought , remember to wash your white rice before cooking unless you 're using pre-washed rice.Update : I 've had this rice cooker for 4 years now , and it works as well as the day I bought it . It still makes perfect white rice and perfect brown rice . The only issue is that the bowl has been scratched by people other than myself who were careless and used metal utensils . The teflon coating has n't flaked or really changed at all , but it has a few places where there are some little scratches where people used forks when I was n't watching.I still think this is the most useful appliance in my kitchen . It makes better rice than any restaurant I 've been to , so for me it 's been fantastic and I think it was , and still is , certainly worth what I paid for it .
 I spent months shopping for this rice cooker , going back and forth between cheaper and more expensive rice cookers . Having once lived in Japan over 4 years , it is n't `` just a rice cooker '' as my wife purports , so I decided on a Zoji in the end . My only initial hesistation was the inbility to replace the battery in the LCD display . However , the ability to cook brown rice just as well as other rice and its record for reliability outweighed the battery issue . I 've had the NS-ZCC10 for two months , using it 2-3 times a week , and have been very pleased with the results . And the concern that it would not make enough for a family of five has been no issue as I seldom have the need to make more than 3 cups for a single meal . -LRB- In Japan its typical to have a batch of rice cooked up to eat throughout the day , however , I only use it for single meals -RRB- Cleanup is super simple compared to the aluminum single button Hitachi I had for 20 years -LRB- it was broken by the movers - maybe it should have broken sooner -RRB- .
 I bought the predecessor to this -LRB- the NS-ZAC10 -RRB- 5 yrs ago , but have had no issues whatsoever . . Of late I 've started making my own version of chicken bog -LRB- South Carolina food -RRB- and it does great . I put in 2 scoops of rice , breast meat from a rotisserie chicken and some sliced turkey italian sausage links , top it off with water to the 5 cup white rice mark and let it go . Great results every time .
 If so , this is a wonderful choice . I 've owned this unit for over three years and it has delivered truly remarkable results 100 % of the time -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- . I 've cooked everything from long grain basmati , to Japanese pearl rice to brown and wild rice to porridge in this unit . It has never missed a beat -- delivering perfectly cooked rice , repeatedly . It comes with an excellent instruction manual , but you wo n't really need it if you get the excellent companion cookbook : The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook
 After finally getting sick of accidentally screwing up rice made on the countertop , I decided to purchase this rice cooker a couple weeks ago - so far i 've made a few batches of white rice with it , and they were worlds better than what i 've managed on my own ... I eat a lot of Chinese and Thai food , and the rice this thing produces easily matches up to restaurant product , although maybe not better.Operation was simple
 With it , I 've had the best rice in my life . I 'm from Asia , not to claim I 'm a rice lover or have a high standard , but I do love this little rice cooker . Worth the money .
 I am terrible at making rice in a pot on the stove . I do n't know why , as I follow all the directions , but I am.I tried a few cheaper rice makers , and got what I paid for . This one is perfect , simple to use , makes perfect rice and quinoa and plays a happy little tune at the beginning and end of cooking . Ca n't beat that . : -RRB-
 Our Zojirushi rice cooker has changed our lives ! No more losing half the batch to stuck rice at the bottom . Every grain turns out perfectly cooked . And the little tunes are very happy at the start and end . I 've had not one , but two bad rice cookers that I had suffered with for years and had just about given up and was back to cooking rice on the stove when a colleague told me about this brand . I 've just used it a couple of times but we already love it . The instructions are unnecessarily complex but like others have said , just use the cups that come with it , toss in the rice and fill the pot to either `` 1 '' or `` 2 '' , depending on how many cups of rice you use and press `` Regular '' for regular , long-grain rice that we get here in the States . After you see how easy it is you can plow through the instructions to figure out the settings for brown or sticky -LRB- `` sweet '' glutinous -RRB- rice . Well worth the money -- you get what you pay for .
 love this product had intended on using this to only cook rice and now so many other things are cooked in it poriddge , steamed vegetables , dumplings always using different flavors of broth its great to be able to program it and wake up to a hot meal anytime of day .
 I 've bought this rice cooker two months ago and use it almost every day . This is the best rice cooker that I ever had ! Highly recommend to everyone who loves rice and other grain products !
 I just bought this thing from Amazon , and once I popped in some sushi rice and it popped out , I could not believe the @ # $ @ # % amazing quality of this thing . It 's completely perfect.-Amazing , extremely tasty rice-Easy to clean-Simple to use yet many flexible optionsThings to know before you buy : - The # of cups -LRB- not regular measuring cups , but the little plastic cups that come with it -RRB- should be equal to the # corresponding to the Water Line for your type of rice in the bowl -LRB- NOT cups of water -RRB- . - If you bought no-wash rice use the green cup , otherwise the clear cup.That 's it ! It 's so delicious and so easy to use . I love it ! : D
 I am Chinese and have a lot of experience with rice cookers . This rice cooker is easy to use and clean . Make perfect riceevery time .
 Best rice I ever made the first time I used it . That might not be saying much , since I never made good rice before . So this thing is worth every penny !
 This thing is amazing !! The fuzzy technology really works ! I used to use a regular steamer and ca n't even begin to describe what a huge difference this machine makes . It is so easy to use and works well for Quinoa too !
 I thought that rice cookers were all the same so I originally bought a model that cost way less than this . Though I did n't have any real complaints about that cooker , I decided that since I eat rice daily I might as well get a higher quality cooker . I wanted one that could cook small portions and I needed some sort of timing function . I decided on this cooker and I was amazed ! The specs and features speak for themselves so I 'll just add that it 's convenient because of the timer and it 's also very easy to clean . The instructions are very thorough and they also included tips for rice cooking that made my rice taste even better !
 This is the best rice cooker I have ever used , short grain brown rice , sweet rice come out great ! These are some of the harder rices to cook at home . easy to use and clean too !
 I 've had my Cooker since Dec 10 and I am not disappointed in it at all . I love Asian cuisine Korean , Japanese , Cantonese , Mandarin , Myanmar , you name the country I have made at least one dish from that culture . I love this rice cooker , wow perfect fluffy tasty rice . It 's even big enough for when I entertain . I did purchase a book called The Everything Rice Cooker Cookbook by Hui Leng Tay , not a book for a novice chef , but there are many recipes to try .
 An excellent product making really delicious rice . It has a lot of convenient options , such as making different kinds of rice , keeping warm , and the best one timing.You can set a time when you want the rice ready . It is a really convenient option for working people . You can have ready rice when you are back from work .
 I 've been meaning to upgrade my rice cooker and decided to go with this one after all the reviews I 've read . Took the chance and is very satisfied . I even ordered another one for my sister and she was impressed how evenly rice is cooked in this .
 You need wash & clean the plate under the lid every time.If you put too much water , it will come out from top .45 mins for cooking , a bit long , but you can have the tasty rice finally.I used Korean high pressure rice cooker of my friends ' , it is about 50 bucks more , but definitely better than this .
 My family eats rice almost every day . I first purchased this particular rice cooker over 10 years ago as my souvenior gift while on vacation in Hawaii . It 's the best purchase I 've ever made ! Love the way it cooks and it 's portable . I recently had to pass it on and I purchased another one exactly the same . So glad I was able to find it on Amazon . I 've done the research and this rice cooker is one of the best !
 Great product . Perfect rice every time . Excellent for brown rice . Keeps rice warm . Also does excellent job of cooking grits . Easy to clean . Takes a little longer to cook rice but the flavor is worth the wait . Pricey but great quality . Would highly recommend this product .
 Love this rice cooker ! If you cook rice often this is a great rice cooker to have . Rice comes out perfect ! It also plays a nice little tune when its done . Have not used all the different functions yet but do not have any complaints . I love this rice cooker !
 We love our rice cooker ! Other people tell us the problems they 've had with their cheap rice cookers , but we do n't have any problems with our Zojirushi . Cooks brown rice perfectly , and keeps all rice warm and fluffy throughout the day . Quality seller , too ! Thanks : -RRB-
 I 've got this little babe at last week . All of the functions work great as description !!! I cook pre-washed white rice and porridge regularly everyday ! It does a very good job for all of those functions . I love it !!!!! Absolutely worth the money !!!!
 I love this thing . Not only does it make great rice , it holds it for hours -- and I mean hours -- with seemingly no loss of quality . I use it every other day . Can not recommend it highly enough .
 I always research extensively before buying . I almost always end up buying the first product that I find on Amazon . This machine does what it claims , but I still do n't see why it costs so much . I 'm a grits man , but , in my household , the rice eaters outnumber me . The rice eaters insist on designer white rice , but I say any long grain new rice will do . I never rinse . If the package does not require rinsing in its instructions , I assume that it can be cooked on the no rinse cycle . I do n't buy rice that instructs rinsing . The porridge instructions are for a rice dish , not oatmeal or grits as one might imagine . I did not realize that until the machine arrived . Porridge , as round-eyes know it , must be whipped constantly at a medium temperature until soft .
 I just got it yesterday , and boy oh boy does it cook rice just perfectly!My fiancee did n't think she would like it , but tried it and the rice was so yummy that she said we could do rice almost EVERY day ! I was so spyched ! Before , she was saying how i could do rice if i wanted , but that she probably would n't have much , and did n't want to eat rice all the time ... Enjoy your rice cooker !!!!!! -LRB- I know I will ! -RRB-
 This is a great product , I highly recommend it .
 I never had a rice cooker before . I thought I prepared perfectly acceptable rice in a pan on the stove . Oh sure , it might boil over sometimes and make a big mess and the rice might be soft one night and a little hard the next but rice is rice I thought . But , I do love rice and someone suggested I might enjoy a rice cooker so I came to Amazon to do some research . After reading dozens of customer reviews and agonizing about what size , whether no logic , fuzzy logic or neuro fuzzy logic would be best , and worry about which brand would be the most dependable , I finally decided on the `` Zo '' Zac-10 and after having it only a few days , I 'm certain I made the right decision . I found it very simple to operate although I agree the instruction booklet leaves a lot to be desired . Plain old long grain white rice is tasty , light , fluffy and so much better than the rice I once prepared in a pan on the stove . I ca n't wait to try jambalaya , pilaf , risotto and puddings . Do order the Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook . It has some great recipes that will enhance your appreciation of the rice cooker and it 's capabilities .
 The rice cooker is excellent . It works beautifully every time , and very easy to use and clean . However , buy it at ... They have the best price , the friendliest customer service representatives , and efficient , quick delivery from California . Definitely buy this rice cooker ; just try to do it at a bargain .
 I had planned to buy a rice cooker to bring back with me to college in the Fall , but I also wanted to make sure it was a rice cooker that would last and make excellent rice.After hearing about the excellent qualities of Zojirushi rice cookers , I reviewed all of the models and made my selection based on the features of the cooker versus the price.I decided on this one due to the excellent array of features it had in addition to the reasonable -LRB- relative to the other Zojirushi cookers -RRB- price as well as the look of the cooker itself . It just jumped out as the best overall value for me.And boy , was I ever right ! This cooker definitely makes perfect rice every time!The aspect of this cooker that stands out as the best reason to buy it is the ability to set the cooker to have the rice cooked and ready by a certain time . As a college student , this is an excellent feature since I can set the cooker , go to class , and come back to a delicious bowl of perfect sticky rice . No fuss , no muss!Plus , I can keep the cooker in my dorm room and not have to worry about keeping an eye on a stove for a bag of meagerly cooked rice . Just set it and forget it!Those two are the best reasons I can give for purchasing the cooker , if not just for the sheer quality of the end-product and the no-hassle , no-stress cooking . I 've only cooked white rice with the rice cooker , but the ability to cook a wide variety of rice is a great asset of the cooker . The retractable cord is very nice as well , allowing you to stow away the cooker if you do n't want it in the way.There are only two real downsides I could say about this cooker : One is that I wish they made the metallic inner cover was stainless steel and not aluminum . Moisture and rice gunk tends to collect up there , and , while it 's not too much of a bear to clean , I wish they made it non-stick as well . Make sure to clean it with a rag or wash cloth since paper towels can leave a residue on the metal.The other downside is the price . This rice cooker is n't even the `` top-of-the-line '' in the Zojirushi catalogue of rice cookers , yet can still cost from upwards of $ 160 . The induction-heating rice cookers are even more expensive , ranging from $ 250 to as much as $ 450 or more !! Even this rice cooker might be a little extravagant for most , given the price . -LRB- On the bright side , buying rice in bulk ends up being a lot cheaper than buying boxes of bagged , boiled or microwaved rice , let alone going out to buy fast food . It 's better for you and , in a way , becomes cheaper for you in the long run ! Plus , the rice this baby makes is much , much better than boiled or microwaved rice ! -RRB- Still , even those two downsides are n't enough to bring my rating down . I stand by my five-star rating . The sheer convenience and excellent quality of the rice this cooker consistently puts out is enough to make me excited to eat the rice by itself - a rare delight ! -LRB- Well , maybe just a little bit of soy sauce ... -RRB- If you want perfect rice at excellent convenience from the best price-effective rice cooker -LRB- and the money to spare -RRB- , splurge on this one.It 's worth it ! ~ ~ ~ ~ IMPORTANT NOTE !!!
 Cooking rice just right has sometimes been my downfall , especially when cooking several things at one time . I graduated from boiling a pot of water on a stove to a rice maker . Sadly , the first rice maker I had burned one quarter of the rice every time if I didn ' t take the rice out as soon as it was done cooking and sometimes even when I did . Keeping rice warm in the ricemaker was not an option although it was supposed to be and the ` ding ' that alerted me that the rice was done could hardly be heard-it clicked and then the red color left ` cooking ' and went on at ` warming ' , but the visuals were a quite tough to decipher while I was in the midst of preparing other food.Anyway , I bought this and use it often . It never burns my rice . It sings a little song when my rice has a few minutes to go and then it sings a little song when it 's done . When it gets to within 10 minutes of being done , the digital clock displayed on the front of the machine changes into a timer so you can see how much time is left . You can even put the rice and water in it and schedule it to turn itself on at a different time so it is there waiting with fresh rice when you come home from work . I 'm glad I spent the extra money on a machine that does its job so satisfyingly well .
 Perfect rice everytime . And you do n't even have to be there . And it 'll keep rice perfect and hot for up to 24 hours . And there are settings for white rice , brown rice , sushi rice and more.We cook family dinner more often because of the Neuro Fuzzy . I make bento lunches for my son and my family more often with the Neuro Fuzzy . Any sushi dish must start with perfect rice . We use Tamaki Gold rice in our neuro fuzzy.It 's a small investment for happiness , family meals , picnics , and perfection .
 Order the cooker November 26 and received it today , November 29 , from an Amazon Marketplace Vendor called Fast Nickel , lowest price we could find including low cost shipping . We want to thank all the people who left feedback on this product as we used it to determine the purchase . My husband and I cooked up a 3 cup batch of white rice that came out so good that we finished it all at one meal -LRB- we figure we better just cook 1 or 2 cups the next time -RRB- . The taste and aroma were just amazing . If you like perfectly cooked rice , you definetely need one of these .
 Rice cooker is all that everyone says about it.GREAT !!! With the one exception . The military 24 hour clock that ca n't be changed.I do n't want my rice at 1700 hours.And oh yes the battery that runs the clock can only be changed by Zojirushi .
 I have a small kitchen , usually cook just for myself , and wanted to be able to cook brown rice . Wanting brown rice was the deciding factor in choosing the Zojirushi 5-1/2 cup Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker . Was it worth the big bucks ? YES ! . . I use it three times a week or more , the rice always turns out great , and I can make just one cup at a time if I wish . If I could keep only one small kitchen appliance , this would be it!Ok , the helpful hint ? ... I found it difficult to fill the measuring cup without spilling , so I bought -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- the Norpro Stainless Steel Wide-Mouth Funnel . This funnel fits perfectly into the cup , and , if filled to the top of it 's neck , exactly fills the cup .
 I ca n't really add anything new to the other reviews.I 've seen these in the Asian market in town for years , and finally decided to save up and get one . The price was a little intimidating even though on-line reviews raved about them . I do n't regret the purchase at all.In short , it 's a great device designed by a Japanese -LRB- who know rice -RRB- company with long experience in making household products.I LOVE IT ! No more burnt rice , gelatinous rice , gooey rice , hard white lump that in theory is rice , etc. that comes from me cooking rice in a pan on the stove.The soaking stage -LRB- which adds to the cooking time -RRB- was a bit of a mystery , but I figured out the key to not complaining about the cooking time . Get the rice going FIRST -LRB- a one-minute action -RRB- , then get out the veggies and chicken and wok . By the time that 's ready , rice is ready.What I love the most is being able to throw in rice and water just before going to bed , then waking up to hot rice . Add milk , cinnamon , and a touch of sugar for a great breakfast .
 We have been using this product for sometime now , makes fantastic rice . Would suggest ; THE ULTIMATE RICE COOKER COOKBOOK , as this product is capable of so much more than rice . You can do pudding , soups , deserts and the book that comes with it is lacking . Would check around for price , available most other e-tailers for a hundered dollars less than here ! ----- Highly recommend this product.UPDATE!Amazon has lowered their price . When I wrote the review they were out of line by a hundred bucks . We have had the rice cooker for about a year now . With all the use of this unit , and the excellent results every time , I would now rate the ZO FIVE STARS !
 After 50 years , I finally discovered rice . Not the junk we Caucasians have been eating in the US for decades , but short grain rice that has been grown in Asia for thousands of years . The Zojirushi helps me to realize and to enjoy that discovery.Being a highly addicted -LRB- and critical -RRB- cook , I find the Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker to be unbelievably good . It was easy to set up , the directions -LRB- for a 34 yr computer geek -RRB- were simple and to the point . Put in measured rice , water to designated level , push the button , come back and enjoy perfect rice . Simple for a computer , not so simple for the stovetop.The NS-ZAC10 seems to be well designed and put together . The measuring cups are simple but effective and the strange but essential rice paddle holder is great , the paddle itself is a dream come true . The inner lid is well designed and cleans up easily . The top above this lid will retain about 1/2 teaspoon of water and that is the only oddity about cleaning it out . The inner cooking pot is unbelievable , I wipe it with a clean damp sponge and the rice starch just slips off without a hitch . I can only hope this continues after long-term use . The cord is not as long as I was expecting , only about 4 feet , but adequate for most kitchens . The buttons are easy to use and seem very clear to their purpose once the function of the machine is understood . This device was designed by someone who actually used one before . Hats off to the designers.I have cooked long grain American and short grain Asian white rices , short grain brown rices and they all come out perfect . Better than I have had anywhere , except in an Asian household . I am now cooking rice 4 times a week , and I use it for lunches and dinners . I am very happy with this cooker and would recommend it for any individual or couple who wish to eat perfect rice . Anyone regularly serving more than 2 people , do n't think about it , just get the larger 10-cup cooker . I would certainly buy another of these if the need arose.If only I had discovered this 10 years ago ... * smile *
 This product rates five stars because it does what it is supposed to
 I have edited our reviews from 2005 thru 2012 -LRB- note - bought in 2004 -RRB- 11/1/2005 We have had our Zojirushi Fuzzy Logic 5 cup cooker -LRB- made in Japan version -RRB- about a year now and we use it at least 3 times a week.Another user recommended the most of the following and , though I agree on the whole , I 've added an Asian perspective i.e `` washed rice '' -LRB- washed = multiple rinsings & wet rice sits in rice cooker w / water at least 1 hour before cooking -RRB- . BTW , though the cups below are 8 oz , one basically uses a proportional amount : LONG RICE -LRB- Chinese , Jasmine , Southern USA , & Middle Eastern -RRB- = 13/4 H20 to 1 cup dry rice * OR * 1 cup H20 to 1 cup * washed * rice.SHORT RICE -LRB- Japanese style but often from California -LSB- see sacks w / flower on front -RSB- -RRB- = 11/2 cup H20 to 1 cup dry short rice * OR * 1 cup H20 to 1 cup * washed * rice.We like rice , sausage & chili as a meal -LRB- bowls of rice topped w / chili & chopped sausages -RRB- and I 've had friends from both Hawaii & the South - never mind Mexico ! - claim that dish is a * native * food invented solely in their area ! At any rate , we cook both the rice and the Louisiana sausages -LRB- from Cost Co -RRB- simultaneously in the rice cooker
 I actually own the 10 cup rice cooker , but other than size , it is identical to the 5 cup model . I have owned a simple Japanese rice cooker for many years , but after borrowing and reading the Rice Cooker Cookbook -LRB- Hensperger -RRB- from the library , I became intrigued with the possibilites of the more advanced neuro-fuzzy model . After reading many reviews I finally took the plunge and made the investment.I 'm so glad that I did . What a world of difference ! This rice cooker is so superior to my old cooker that I now think I 'll throw out the old one rather than save it for my college-age daughter.I always make brown rice -LRB- short , long , or basmati -RRB- and this rice cooker makes it absolutely perfectly ! I wash the rice first and then measure carefully using the clear cup that came with the cooker . I use the markings inside the pot and I am amazed at how much better this rice is than what I was used to.It does take longer , but I just plan ahead and you can always set the timer in the morning and it will be done at the time that you want it.I also love to make steel cut oats -LRB- I set it at night for the next morning -RRB- . Nothing could be easier!My husband 's favorite feature is that you can make wonderful tapioca in an hour , using the porridge setting . And there 's no stirring involved . I 've also made rice pudding , and I 'm looking forward to making risotto . I 've also purchased wheat berries which I plan to make soon.Cleaning the rice cooker is quick and easy . My advice to anyone thinking about buying one ... you 'll never regret your decision to buy it and you 'll probably be recommending it to your friends and family before long .
 ** Be forewarned the 5 cups refer to 5 Japanese cups , each of which is equal to 3/4 cups . This does not hold 5.5 American cups ** I did not even eat rice regularly before I bought my rice cooker . I do now!Reasons I love it :1 . The rice comes out perfect every time2 . Even brown rice is fantastic3 . It cooks oatmeal on the porridge cycle and it is really good4 . It is quick and easy to use .5 . You can cook rice earlier in the day .6 . I make extra rice with it and keep rice salad on hand for lunches .7 . So , it has simplified dinner time and lunch time.I could go on and on . Do not hesitate to buy this.One small drawback -- the instruction manual is next to worthless . It makes sense to buy a cookbook like The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook by Beth Hensperger to go with it .
 Well it makes awesome rice -- but it costs a whole lot so I guess it had better . Actually , at first i could n't believe I was spending this much -LRB- my girlfriend had a rice cooker -- a gift from her mom , but I broke it haha . Her mom is visiting in a couple of weeks so I figured I had to get her a new , better one as a good gesture -RRB- . I 'm right out of college so a hundred-plus dollars is a big investment , but after a few weeks I already consider it a good one.Its versatile -- makes a wide range of rices . The sushi and porridge options are as far as I 've gotten so far , but they are amazing . Throw in some carrots , mushrooms , and seasoning with the rice and water right before making the porridge , and you have an legit dinner 30-40 minutes later . Plus it looks streamlined like a UFO or something , so it looks cool sitting in my kitchen . And if you cook it and forget about it for awhile , it just keeps it warm for you until you are ready for it . You can eat lunch at two , leave half of the rice in there until dinner at 6 , and it still tastes amazing.The best part about this thing is how much time it saves you . It takes two minutes to prepare everything -LRB- super simple to use -RRB- , and you end up with good , legit food . I ca n't cook anything , so food like this is hard to come by .
 This is one of those devices -LRB- like the Musso 4080 Lussino Dessert Maker -LRB- i.e. , an ice cream maker -RRB- here on Amazon -RRB- that you just ca n't believe anyone would spend that kind of money for , UNTIL you actually try it . This `` Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 5-1/2 - Cup Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker and Warmer '' simply transforms rice and elevates it to a higher plane of existence . There 's no way to compare rice cooked in a pot to what comes out of this rice maker . We like rice . We 've been making it and eating it fairly regularly for years . The same rice we used in a pot is entirely different -LRB- and delicious -RRB- when we cook it in this . After seeing how good our normal rice was in this thing , we tried a batch of brown rice -LRB- I 've hated brown rice since the dawn of time -RRB- . Even brown rice cooked in this rice maker comes out excellent . Amazing.The downside , of course , is the price . You just stare at it and go back and forth over whether or not plain-ol-rice is worth that amount of money . Well , it is . I rate this Zojirushi rice cooker at a Excellent 5 stars out of 5 .
 We hestitated for a while because of the price . But once we took the plunge and tried it out , we could n't be happier . In the past , we 've had both the cheap , one-button type and the microchip type , and if you have rice 2-3 times a week , you definitely want to go with the better model . -LRB- We pitched the cheap model immediately ; the rice turned out part crusty , part mushy , part burnt . -RRB- The Zojirushi is an improvement on our previous microchip model because 1 . it 's easier to clean , with the lid-liner not accumulating scum and the inner pot having a rounded bottom , which is easier wipe clean 2 . it has no `` moisture catcher '' to clean out 3 . the inside pot has cool handles to lift out 4 . there is a place to put the rice paddle -LRB- important ! -RRB- 5 . the rice paddle has nubs on it , with prevents rice from sticking to it . And , of course , it cooks brown rice very well ! We 're waiting to try the porridge setting - yum . We 're completely happy with our purchase and wondered why we hesitated . -LRB- NB , All Zojirushi products we 've tried have been superb , despite their generally higher prices . -RRB-
 I agree completely that the Zojirushi cooker makes great white and brown rice , but that 's only a partial use of this device . Nearly every night , I make a pot of steel cut oatmeal that is ready the next morning -LRB- after adding in chopped fruit , walnuts , etc. -RRB- for a great breakfast.For an evening meal , I have experimented with all manner of grains -LRB- barley , quinona , brown rice -RRB- and legumes -LRB- adzuki beans , chickpeas , lentils -RRB- and sauces -LRB- tomato , curry , etc. -RRB- for some great dinners . The reason for their success is that the beans soak all day before the programmed cooking starts in the evening . I keep experimenting with spices , but those from Indian grocery stores -LRB- curry , turmeric , cumin -RRB- have worked the best . Dinners are a cinch when you can arrive at home , add a few stir-fried items -LRB- vegetables , meat , fish -RRB- to your rice cooker , and be ready to eat in a few minutes.You 'll lose weight , eat healthier , and save a ton of money on groceries and restaurants . My wife and I often prefer the meals we make to those available in neighborhood restaurants . Overall , a great device that I find indispensable .
 I completely love the size . . we are a family of 3 and it works perfect . Rice is never our main meal so we always have rice left over . What I also love about this rice cooker is the size . . it 's just right ... not bulky.Rice comes out perfect everytime . Easy to use . Take a chance . I love that it 's made in Japan ... Japan knows rice .
 I bought this to replace the Tiger rice cooker I 've had to retire after 10 years . I wanted something more versatile and better at cooking brown rice -LRB- never seemed to come out quite right in the Tiger -RRB- . Little did I know that this cooker would double as a grain and porridge genius ! At least 4 mornings a week we all wake up to perfectly cooked , piping hot oatmeal or rice porridge . The warmer keeps contents hot -LRB- and unburned -RRB- into the next day if you like . Brown rice setting works great . Also makes a perfectly creamy dreamy polenta and many other grain dishes that are difficult to get `` just right '' on the stove . Be sure to get a good rice cooker cookbook for lots of new ideas . Nice short cut for fast meals - especially if your family is eating vegetarian . We love this little thing - we call it `` fuzzy '' . it looks like a robot pet - very Japanese . Now we 'll see if it withstands the test of time.Overall VERY impressive ! I would easily recommend .
 I can cook just about anything and everything well - except rice . Do n't ask me why , but it always burns in the pan , or is too mushy , or takes freakin ' forever -LRB- I live at over 5000 ' altitude -RRB- . Finally , after many years of desiring this little white pod of rice making love , I bought my Zojirushi . And I love everything about it - white rice , brown rices - all turn out perfect everytime . And I can focus on all the other parts of cooking a delish meal without stressing about that pot of rice . Yeah !
 This rice cooker is good . It does the job perfectly every time . The only draw back is it does not have a excess water drain on the side . With that in mind , you would have to take out the metal plate underneath the cover and clean out the excess water .
 I have both zojirushi rice cooker and bread maker . They both work really hard and turn out a great product .
 My wife and I bought this rice cooker a little over a month ago , and we 've used it at least twice a week since . It has performed flawlessly every time , with all sorts of rice . Cleanup is very easy with the non-stick bowl , and the programmable timer means that we can start dinner before we leave for work in the morning.We 're both very happy with what we call `` the Neuro Fuzzy '' , and would whole-heartedly recommend it .
 the rice is great , the options are decent and you can cook a lot of things in the handy 5.5 cup ricecooker . the only caveat - the bottom of the rice cooker can begin to rust and it is very hard to clean . u have to keep everything as dry as possible to prevent this from happening . .
 Bought this for my wife . Absolutely awesome . She 's cooked many differing dishes in it already , we 've entertained using it , and the sushi rice that this makes is perfect.Highly recommended . Definitely high scores all around .
 This rice cooker is very nice . There are a lot of menu you can choose.Perfect ! Simple and Clean . We eat white rice everyday so very happy !
 We have had the little Zoji for 2 months now . We affectionately call him the `` fuzzy . '' This is one of the best kitchen devices we have ever purchased ! He is `` Made in Japan '' and is a perfect example of high quality Japanese Engineering & Manufacturing . We eat perfect rice several times a week now . We have tried white , brown , semi-brown & mixed and the little `` fuzzy '' cooks them perfect every time . We continually marvel at how it does this so well . He is a cute , happy and eager little guy who merrily sings a song when you start him on a job of cooking up some excellent rice ! If he had a tail he would wag it like crazy ! Do n't you wish your wife would be this happy in the kitchen !!!!
 I have owned several rice cookers in the past but this one is by far the best . It makes perfect rice every time .
 I previously had the 10 cup and downsized to this 51/2 cup . It makes perfect rice each time and the warming feature is great . It is easy to clean . Only problem is side where paddle attachment is held breaks easy .
 My daughter is headed for college this coming fall and is threatening to steal my rice cooker . I have had mine for several years and LOVE it . It is simple to use and even more to store . I will NEVER buy a rice cooker other than Zojiushi !
 Highly recommended ! I use this rice cooker to prepare a wide variety of grains including rice . Ive used it 2 to 3 times a month for almost 6 years , and I 've never -- not once ! -- had a batch of grains turn out badly . I 've sometimes had to play with liquid-to-grain ratios to get the lightest , fluffiest grains possible , but unlike the occasional stovetop failure I 'd endured in the past , I 've never ended up with a burned , soggy , or otherwise inedible dish . A friend recently mentioned that a brown and wild rice dish she 'd made on the stove turned out clumpy and messy . I realized I have n't experienced that since I got my Zojirushi , and I do n't miss those messy failures and cleanups . The Zojirushi makes cooking and cleanup of rice and other grains easy and predictable , and I do n't have to babysit the unit to make sure I do n't get overcooked grains . The `` Keep Warm '' function is very useful.As other reviewers have noted , the `` cup '' measurements imprinted on the bowl are n't standard US 1-cup measures . I often use general proportions and specific recipes from Beth Hesperger 's Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook , which I love . My only warning about this rice cooker is to be careful to not overload it -- I like to fix large batches and freeze , and when I recently prepared 3 cups of uncooked quinoa , I ended up with a rare , minor boil-over .
 This is a GREAT !!! rice cooker . I researched rice cookers for several months before deciding to buy this one and now I am very satisfied with my purchase . This is so simple to use , just select the type of rice you are cooking and push the cook button . It does n't get any easier than that and the rice comes out perfect every time . I live at a high altitude of 5,000 ft. and this beats cooking the rice on the stove hands down . Another reviewer commented that the included rice measuring cup is a little less than One regular measuring cup , but that is not a problem if you simply adjust the quantity to meet your needs . I ca n't say enough about how good this rice cooker works . It appears to be very well built and I expect that I will enjoy my Sushi for many years to come .
 I love how this rice cooker is able to keep the rice warm and moist for at least 12 hours . Whenever I feel hungry , I could just open the rice cooker and the rice would taste just like it was cooked 10 minutes ago . With this rice cooker , I do not have to worry about getting browned -LRB- burnt -RRB- rice at the bottom and do not have to remember to cook the rice half an hour before dinner . This machine would automatically start cooking and have the rice ready at a predetermined time .
 I 'm a Chinese , so I almost eat rice every meal , the rice cooker is the best of what I ever tried . Perfect!Except one small thing , It cooks a little bit slow -LRB- over 50 minutes -RRB- , but for the great taste of rice , it is worth wait !
 I 'm guessing that for Japanese , this user interface is easier to navigate . For Americans the interface is quirky and the manual is a bit hard to understand , something like all Japanese products used to be when they started to get popular . But once you learn how it works , you can get perfect rice any time and that 's worth a lot.The one REALLY annoying thing about this device though is that you ca n't tell how many minutes are left to cook until it 's nearly done . It may be because it does n't know , but all you have is some time estimates in the manual . This can be a problem in meal planning , but it really does a good job on the rice .
 Reliable , easy to use , rice always comes out perfectly , no burning , easy to clean - what more could you ask of a rice cooker ?
 This rice cooker is so easy ! Rinse the rice , put it in the cooker , wait 45 minutes and presto , perfect fluffy rice EVERY TIME !! This is the first rice cooker I 've ever had and it has definitely been worth the expense !! We use it at least twice a week .
 If you 're tired of burned rice in a pot or concerned about the nutritional value of `` pre-cooked '' par-boiled rice -LRB- btw it has none -RRB- you should get a rice cooker . You cook the rice only with the amount of water that it needs to become soft . You dont waste any vitamins and minerals , which make rice healthy and tasty.This model rice cooker features ease of use and great quality rice , no matter which type of rice you prefer . It 's high end!It pays even for the occasional rice eater !
 THIS IS THE BEST COOKER EVER , ALTHOUGH MAYBE THATS AN EXAGERATION , BUT IVE NEVER HAD RICE LIKE THIS BEFORE , SO FUZZY ! SO GOOD ! THIS IS FOR ALL THOSE PEOPLE OUT THERE , WHO DONT HAVE THE TIME TO BE COOKIN ' THOSE COMPLEX MEALS , YA FEEL ME?BUT SERIOUSLY THIS IS A QUALITY PRODUCT AND ID RECCOMEND IT TO ANYONE WHO LIKES GOOD FOOD QUICKLY .
 Let me first say that I really like this thing . It 's the height of convenience and simplicity . If you can fill a cup with rice and pour water , you 're done . And the timer function is great because you can set it up so that the cooked rice is waiting for you when you get home for dinner.And on top of that , it does steel-cut oatmeal so much better than stovetop . It 's a real hassle to tend to steel-cut oats the whole time they 're cooking , with the boiling up and having to adjust the moisture and keep stirring and all . It 's prohibitive . So this Zojirushi makes it so much easier to have great oatmeal . It 's lovely to set it up the night before and wake up to the smell of hearty oatmeal cooking in the kitchen , especially during cold weather . I add applesauce and cinnamon to mine before I close it up to cook . Special treat.Also the bowl is effortless to clean . And it 's not a big deal to clean the removable lid from inside the unit either . Pop it out , wipe wipe , wipe wipe , done . Same for the little steam vent at the top of the unit . Just wipe it after each time . Not a big deal.But the one point where I veer away from some of the other reviews here is that the rice this thing turns out is just amazing . I 'm no connoisseur , but I eat rice about once a week . This machine makes good rice , but from reading these reviews , I was expecting it to be so much better that it would be almost like a new and wonderful food I 'd never had . Turns out it 's just rice . I 'm wondering if maybe I was just a good stovetop rice chef prior to getting this machine , so the difference was n't as noticeable as it was to the people who describe episodes of burned rice . I 've never burned rice on the stovetop . It 's a pretty easy process , this is just easier.One drawback is that it takes longer to cook in this thing than on the stove . I call it an even trade since I do n't have to tend it or do multiple steps , but it does mean that dinner prep takes longer unless you think ahead and use the timer function . Oh and do n't get me started on brown rice . Made that one night , figured it 'd take about an hour . It was closer to two . Sheesh ! Did n't eat until late.So overall I think this is an excellent item to have , and I would n't go back to stovetop , just because of the convenience . Just maybe add a grain of salt to some of the other reviews here . If cooking rice on the stove is no big deal for you , and you get good results , you 'll get somewhat better results with this thing , but not shout-it-out-from-the-rooftops better.By the way , I bought that rice cooker cookbook that several people here mention . Used it to try brown , black , and even Bhutanese red rice in my cooker . But I 'm pretty much back to just white rice now . Tried its oatmeal recipe too . But now it sits on a shelf . For lazy chefs who cook basic dinners , it might be a bit of overkill . If you 're basically a white rice person , you 'll fiddle with the cooker 's various settings a few times until you get it the way you like it , and then you 're pretty much in a groove , basically just using it for white rice , using the same settings every time . It can do a lot more than that , but I bet most people just want it to cook rice . No need for a cookbook . More creative kitcheners would obviously get more use out of such a book .
 Bought this a few weeks ago about 75 % of the rice cooked in it turned out great . I very much dislike poorly cooked rice . Seems the brown rice has been giving me problems and I wasted a few batches . I really do like the cooker but for the price I expected better insturctions on cooking different types of USA available rices . I figure if a Japan company wants to sell to USA fine , But do not charge a premium price with horrible instructions . Plan on wasting a few batches . Also yes you need to wash the inner pan with soap and water for it does not always wipe clean easily . After buying the best , I would now say to consider buying the one the addresses the different types of rice products available and how to use the cooker for these rices . It maybe worthwhile to download the manuals before buying to compare them . Otherwise this unit seems great so far but there is a fustration factor . You would think such a great rice cooker for a premium price would at the least have a web site in each major country it sold in to address the rices or at least a blogging site to get out the information on how to cook the many different rices types . But no , you are on your own to figure it out unless you all ready really know your rices which I do not .
 I love this rice cooker . I mean it . My wife and I are doing really well but if this rice cooker decided to come alive I would totally drop everything else just to be with it . It plays music when you set the timer and again when the rice is done . Even kung fu ninjas would bow in respect to this awesome rice cooking machine . Oh and did I mention that it can keep your rice warm and edible for DAYS at a time ?!! And it seriously cooks all kinds of rice . I bet it could even cook magic space rice from the planet Nublargorwidspritezensploog . It 's about time I get going . My tasty , warm , day old rice is waiting for me ... . mmmmm rice
 I grew up with one button rice cookers . The kind I liked the best was one where you would put water on the outside of the rice pot as well as in the inside of the pot with the rice and then press the button . I do n't think they make those anymore . Nowadays you have to keep the outside of the pot dry . Kinda a pain after you got it wet washing the rice.Back when I was growing up we made delicious rice , rice porridge , steamed sausage over rice , steamed chicken and vegetables in broth , bean soup , etc. using the simple one button rice cooker . The trick for some of the dishes is to run the cook cyle twice to cook longer.I mention all this to explain why just having a rice cooker cooking different things does n't totally impress me . I 'm used to having one that is simple to use and versatile.With this background , I was a little bit disappointed in the ZAC10 rice cooker although I still think it is an excellent product.This neuro fuzzy is CUTE . And it makes DELICIOUS oatmeal . It also makes cheaper rice taste better . The keep warm feature works perfectly -- no making a crust . I use the timer feature for oatmeal in the morning - very nice to have.But it is also awfully SLOW . I 'm used to the rice cooker cooking faster than the stovetop method but this one is just as slow if not slower . For 1 small cup of rice it takes 40 + minutes . The machine I grew up with took 20 minutes . Even the quick cook feature on this machine takes 30 minutes.Theoretically you ca n't use this as a steamer according to the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook I also bought . That 's too bad since I am used to steaming things in a rice cooker . I will play around with it though and see if that 's really the case.I am still torn about whether to get this for my motherinlaw this Xmas . She loves oatmeal but cooked in milk so the timer feature wo n't help her . But still , it makes delicious oatmeal without her having to stand and stir . And it keeps it warm for a long time . What 's making me hesitate is that she does n't eat rice that often and the buttons in the front are rather daunting . -LRB- It really is n't as complicated as it looks though -RRB- Also the manual has no good recipes . It does n't even tell you if you can make oatmeal with milk or not in it . -LRB- You can . -RRB- On the web they have some and if I were to get this for her I would definitely print out some recipes to go with it . This would be an expensive gift not to be used.If you eat rice alot or like rice , oatmeal , porridge , that kind of thing ... a rice cooker is a must and this one is a great one . Just realize that if you 're use to a one button rice cooker you 'll be giving up simplicity.FOLLOW-UP : I have demoted this from a FIVE star to a FOUR star product . It still makes wonderful rice but disappointingly it does n't handle oatmeal cooked in milk -LRB- 1 % fat -RRB- . I 've tried it three times now , two times on porridge cycle and this thing made a COLOSSAL MESS . Hubby said it 's like a baby puked all over it , inside and out . The thing spewed oatmeal which stuck and dried everywhere -LRB- I got to it two hours after it went on keep-warm -RRB- . Even though the inner part of the lid pops out , it still took nearly an hour to clean up the nooks and crannies of the thing . I definitely suggest watching it if you cook oatmeal with milk and maybe even opening it up several times to release the steam . Better yet , do it on the stovetop . Too bad because the oatmeal still left in the pot that it did n't spew out tasted fantastic.To be fair to the recipe , I should say I used quick cook oats -LRB- 1 minute type -RRB- instead of the steel cut slow cook type oatmeal . Maybe that made a difference . BUt if so , too bad because I still have a lot of the other kind of oatmeal to use up .
 If you eat rice then this is the cooker for you . The best feature , aside from the even cooking , is the timer that allows you to say when you want the rice done .
 Fantastic . You should note that if you prefer white rice , $ 200 for a rice cooker might not be necessary . What I really like about this is how well it does brown rice . It 's not actually that simple to do brown rice correctly , or at least quick . I previously had a cheapo rice cooker that generally scalded the bottom and would leave some hard rice kernels when it did brown rice.If you do n't dislike the taste , you 're doing yourself a pretty big and simple favor eating brown rice.And anyone complaining about Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is silly . Or perhaps not silly enough . It 's so Japanese , it 's quite amusing to hear a gawdy song play announcing the arrival of `` tasty rice ! ''
 This rice maker was suggested by a friend . I 'm so glad we took that suggestion . No more standing over a pot of boiling water on the stove . We just put in the water , then the rice , push start and we get perfect rice everytime . I can also focus on the rest of the meal since I do n't have to stand over the rice to make sure every thing comes out at the same time.It 's WONDERFUL !!!
 I have a really hard time forking out a lot of money for appliances . I know that you get what you pay for , but that spend-thrift inside of me just really stands aghast . I had experienced the rice from this machine at a friend 's house , about 5 years a go , and was instantly jealous of this cooker , but of course , I had to wait until I could get a better deal . People
 This cooker makes amazing rice . It works great , I read a few reviews about the battery and it does have one . I 'm not sure how its supposed to be replaced . But it is a great cooker .
 Believe it ! This is quality . We live in Hawaii . I know a family here who has one of these.It not only makes rice perfect , it keeps it warm and fresh for hours ! So , I got one too !
 This is by far the best rice cooker we have ever used . Being from south LA 's cajun country we cook rice almost daily . We have gone through a few different brands in our 52 years of marriage and none are even close to this cooker in quality , convenience and looks . It is much more expensive , but worth every cent .
 This is a gift for my mother but my sister-in-law has been through many rice cookers and this is the only one she will even look at buying .
 I looked long and hard for a rice maker , probably teetering on the same issue you are , price . I have purchased one rice maker in the past -LRB- cheap-o model , approx $ 30 -RRB- and it did not work well . It foamed -LRB- even with rinsing -RRB- , bubbled over , overcooked , burned rice , etc. I pulled the trigger on this baby after looking long and hard at all models offered by Zojirushi . I have to say after a 1/2 dozen batches , this thing works like a dream . It makes great tasting and consistency rice . No lie , I had my niece and nephew over -LRB- 9 & 11 -RRB- and they actually asked me what I put in the rice to make it taste so good.I have only used the white rice settings , ` normal ' and ` harder ' , but have n't tried any other functionality yet . The unit cooks quietly , and yes it does take a while , approximately 50min for a small to medium batch of white rice , but the results are worth it . Warmer feature is nice , I have not tried the timed cook feature yet , but might soon.I recommend this unit , if you can get over the sticker shock .
 I bought one of these many years ago - at least eight . It still works and does a great job . The battery the keeps the clock going on it has given out , and I have n't figured out how to replace it , so I ca n't program it for future times , but other than that , no problems .
 I am ordering a new one of these today . AFter several years of daily use my old one is ready for a replacement . I have both the 5 and the 10 cups versions . We use both of them every single day so that we have a constant supply of perfectly cooked grains . I have successfully cooked the following grains in these outstanding cookers
 I researched this before I bought it . `` fuzzy logic '' sounds strange , but I have cooked perfect rice every time I have used this cooker . I am so pleased with my choice . A little pricey - but worth it .
 Great rice cooker . However , not a fan of the front facing buttons . I like some of the other models that had buttons that face more towards the top . The front facing buttons sometimes cause the entire rice cooker to slide back when pushing them . The rubber grips on the bottom help.In general , this is a minor problem and it is a great rice cooker .
 This is simply the best rice cooker that we have ever used.This is excellent for white rice and brown rice.I could write a whole lot more , but many other positive reviews cover my findings and feelings.You ca n't go wrong with this.For different kinds of white rice , be ready to experiment with water levels if you are picky about your rice texture .
 In an effort to eat more healthy , my husband and I tried to start eating brown rice with our dinner instead of potatoes -LRB- with salt + butter , or course -RRB- . Unfortunately , the brown rice that I cooked on the stove was usually overdone or underdone . I wanted to eat more brown rice , but it just tasted mediocre and was a hassle to cook -LRB- baked potatoes in the oven cook all by themselves ! -RRB- . I started reading reviews on Amazon about rice cookers and realized that alot of people really like them because they make really good rice . I read a lot of reviews before finally deciding on this one . We have had this rice cooker for 4 months now , and we are really happy with it ! The rice tastes great ! I have made both white and brown and both were excellent . One thing I really like is being able to program it earlier in the day . I wash my brown rice , put it in the Fuzzy , set the timer and know that it will be fresh and perfect for dinner when my husband walks through the door . If my husband is late , it 's nice to know that the Fuzzy will keep it warm . It does take a while for the rice to cook , but that does n't bother me at all since I just program it in the morning and forget about it til it beeps when it 's done . I have n't had any problems with it so far . I also like the retractable cord as I usually put my cooker away every day and it is just one of those things that gets in the way if it is always dangling . I do n't plan to cook anything else in this cooker except rice , and yes it was expensive , but we would still be eating lots of potatoes with butter if it were n't for this cooker !
 I debated for SO long over whether to buy this rice cooker because of the price . I am truly glad I finally caved and did it . I have only used it to make brown rice and it does cook it perfectly , it 's so easy to use and I LOVE how easy it is to clean ! You just clean the bowl , the rice paddle and the insert in the lid . Much easier than my old one , a Wolfgang Puck model . I like how clearly the measurements are marked on the inside of the bowl so that I do n't have to use a measuring cup for the water , too . -LRB- Add rice first , using the provided measuring cup and then add water to the corresponding mark on the bowl . -RRB- The little holder for the rice paddle is effective and convenient .
 I bought this for my parents , rice is one of their main food sources . They liked it a lot . The texture of the rice is almost perfect .
 I bought this machine a few months back because we entertain and serve rice ... to large crowds . We have fell in love with this machine . The rice stays hot ... has the extended warm button so the rice stays hot for hours -LRB- longest I have done is 4 hours beyond cooking -RRB- . You can put the rice and water in the machine and set it to be ready when the party starts ... wonderful ! Every time the rice has come out perfect and no burnt or stuck rice to the bottom of the cooker . The price is high but worth it if you eat a lot of rice .
 Bought it for my mom who is Japanese . She says it 's the best rice cooker she 's ever had . She gave it 5 stars . I do n't cook , but if she says it 's good . It 's good !!
 In addition to rice I use this for cooking Irish oatmeal which is a bother to cook on the stovetop because it wants to foam up/boil over and stick to the bottom of the pot requiring you to stand over it for 30-40 minutes . The Zojirushi , however , can be set the night before and in the morning you have perfectly cooked oatmeal and little mess.Less hassle in the morning than instant ! I can hardly believe it . Used it for about 6 years now . My favorite kitchen gadget.Edit May 1 2009 - About 10 yrs old and still going strong . The internal battery -LRB- that keeps the digital clock going -RRB- still works !
 I love my Zojirushi rice cooker . I first used one of their rice cookers in Japan , and ordered a new one as soon as I moved back to the U.S. . It cooks rice perfectly for me every time . Really , I have no complaints whatsoever.One earlier reviewer complained about not being able to find a Zojirushi home page to inquire about high-altitude cooking . Zojirushi Amierca has a web page at www.zojirushi.com and the Japanese parent company is at www.zojirushi.co.jp -LRB- Japanese only -RRB- .
 I love this rice cooker , it lets me eat rice whenever I want , with its timer settings . Not only that , it has appropriate cooking settings - perfect for any kind of rice cooking . I personally like semi-brown rice , so I just put rice in , set the timer for 7am night before , then eat the rice all day for all my meals.I also saw this rice cooker at 99 Ranch market for 120 dollars so maybe it 's a better deal than Amazon . I got 25 off for this from amazon but if you can get to 99 ranch , get it there instead if you can find it .
 I am from Japan , and I am inevitably very picky for the quality of cooked rice . I swear , this rice cooker is among the best purchases I 've made on Amazon . Short grain Japanese rice comes out , oh , so , beautifully ! Even my mother , a hard-core Japanese woman , thinks it 's awesome . I also cooked Indian basmati rice , Spanish long grain rice , wild rice , brown rice ... you name it , any type of rice I tried came out absolutely perfectly.I 'm not trying to sound nationalistic , but I 'd recommend anyone who plans to buy a new rice cooker to make sure that your new purchase is MADE IN JAPAN . The entire nation of Japan has been obsessed with cooking perfect rice . This product is one of the results of the national obsession . It 's a bit more pricey , but it 's worth it . Zojirushi has been long known in Japan for superior quality.This rice cooker sings . When you press the start button , you 'd hear a cute melody that lets you know the cooking is started . 40 minutes later , you 'd hear another cute melody that lets you know the rice is done ! Believe it or not , those melodies are by Mozart and by French King Louis XIII . Who would expect digital Mozart in the kitchen while preparing 3 cups of rice ? What a choice - this weird cuteness is also un-mistakeably Japanese ... I never thought that rice cooking would become such a fun .
 I have made 6 different varieties of rice with this machine and all have turned out perfect .
 I love this rice cooker . I 've mostly used it for white rice which comes out excellent - as good as a restaurant ! I recommend getting the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook which helped me realize all the other great things you can make with this a rice cooker ! So far , I 've made oatmeal -LRB- several variatons -RRB- , rice pudding , and several types of prepackaged rice meals which could n't be easier.The only negatives are the price and that it takes up a bit of counter space .
 This is the second `` Z '' machine that I 've bought . The first one was a 10 cup rice cooker that is still running strong today . That machine is about 8 years old.I bought this second one because I 'm only cooking for 2 now instead of 4 or 5 . I 've only had this for about 8-9 weeks . If it is like my other one , I 'm pretty sure it will do all that it 's suppose to and more.I 've cooked some Jasmine & Basmati rice so far and they have come out perfect . It keeps the rice warm longer than you would think . I 'm going to make some brown rice next week and some porridge/congee also . Let 's see how that turns out.Cleaning is a snap with the non-stick surface . Just use the spaddle -LRB- spade/paddle -RRB- that they provide . Do not use metal on the surface . When cleaning do not use harsh abrasives . This will keep the coating lasting twice or trice as long.I have cooked all kinds of rice and vegetables and even some home made dumplings in my other machine and it comes out perfect every time . The secret is taking care of it . Clean it and store it properly . Do not abuse it and I gurantee that it will last forever -LRB- so to speak -RRB- . So far this little machine has not dissapoint me yet . Great deal from Amazon . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 Growing up in a Chinese household , I was forced to eat rice every day and never enjoyed it . It was always a little sticky or a little dry , the taste was very bland . Even in Chinese restaurants , I notice the rice to be pretty stale -LRB- and probably a few days old too -RRB- . This machine makes THE perfect rice ! The perfect texture , consistency , taste , and it 's foolproof.For a busy working mom like me , it 's nice because I can set the timer for when I want the rice to be ready . So instead of traditional rice cookers that will cook the rice right away and keep it `` warm '' for the rest of the day -LRB- which results in somewhat crusty , uneven rice -RRB- , I have fresh rice ready to eat when I get home.The mixed rice option is awesome . I have used 1/2 brown and 1/2 white rice and it makes it perfectly . The rice is fluffy and delicious.There is a separate option to make brown rice without having to soak it first.I have n't tried the sushi rice option yet , but I ca n't imagine it being less than perfect.The `` ready '' signal for the rice is a little obnoxious , but at least you wo n't confuse it for your cell phone.This is THE rice cooker to get . Look no further !
 I love this unit . Small , compact , versatile , and best of all ... it makes flawless rice . I have tried jasmine , basamati , long grain brown and they all turn out perfect . And the steel-cut oats that I made for breakfast today were the best I have ever done at home.WELL WORTH THE PRICE ... . what ever you pay .
 I 've had this for about a week now , and used it a couple times a day -LRB- to explore the features -RRB- . It makes pretty good rice , but you have to realize that at this price point , you are paying for more than that.Here are things with which you can justify spending $ 135 on a rice cooker :1 -RRB- Cooks brown rice well .2 -RRB- Steams food3 -RRB- Useful for things other than rice . This includes breakfast , oatmeal , and goes as far as stir-frying in the pot.I realized how big # 2 was when I got the `` Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' everyone was talking about . A low-tech rice cooker can be used to steam vegetables and meat by eye , watching through a glass plate , or at least controlling with a timer . This one can not -LRB- although I have n't tried doing this on `` keep warm '' -- perhaps it would work . -RRB- I did a lot of research , and when I found a bargain price for the ZCC , I jumped at it over the Sanyo ECJ model , which I was holding about equal . Now I wish I had gotten that one -- it has a manual mode which this lacks and a steaming tray for convenience . Really , most rice cookers > $ 100 will make the same rice -LRB- brown rice excluded ? I do n't know enough yet -RRB- . But it is the extra things you can do with it that should justify your purchase.Update2 : This cooker will never make a bad batch of rice , or require you to scrape burnt grains off the bottom . It also cooks brown rice quite well . The timer is very handy -LRB- be careful , porridge starts to smell heavenly about an hour before the `` finish time '' you program -RRB- , and the pan is a dream to clean.Some complaints still , though . As a college student , bringing out the frying pan for some veggies or an egg is sometimes a little more effort than I can muster some nights . A steamer basket , like that for the Sanyo model , would be nice -LRB- I have seen baskets in the store , but am afraid the metal would scratch or the pan would n't fit . -RRB- You can steam vegetables just by putting them on top of the rice at about the 10m marker , but I would be hesitant to steam meat -LRB- and I 'm not so sure other models can either -RRB- . Also still wish it had a manual button . And having the machine only display the ETA about 15 minutes from finish is annoying , especially since it seems to be able to calculate it just fine when setting the `` done by '' timer . If I were to do it again , I 'd try out the cheaper Sanyo and just return it if I had any complaints.I do n't think the Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook is that great , especially for a fuzzy logic cooker like this . If you 're interested , borrow it from the library first.My favorite add-ins are snow peas @ 10 minutes , sliced fresh tomato at 5 minutes -LRB- white rice -- have n't perfected on brown -RRB- .
 I 've been a regular user of my $ 30 rice cooker for a few years and always wondered if these crazy rice cookers are really all that they are cracked up to be.I read pretty much all the reviews on amazon and figured I 'd also give it a try . I have to admit , the reviews up-sold me from the 3 cup cooker to this 5.5 cup cooker . I also should say I was worried because all those good reviews gave me a pretty high expectation.Well , I just got it today and I gave it a try . The rice was pretty darn good ! All those people who said they ate every grain of rice - well , it 's true ! I had really good rice at a Thai food place the other day and this rice was really close to that.None of that brown layer of burnt rice I was used to . Just good tasty rice!I figure , this good rice came out of my first batch , even if it does n't get any better with practice , I 'd still be happy.A couple things to note : - I just threw my rice in there , didnt bother washing it which it says you should do-it 's a little slower than the cheapo cookers -LRB- around 40 minutes or so -RRB- but worth the wait-the manual says it will tell you how many `` minutes till completion '' on the display . Just in case you are wondering , it does n't tell you that right away . When about 12 minutes are remaining it will start reading that information.YUMMY !
 OK , OK , my husband was right ! We 've been married for over 27 years , and it is n't that I mind being wrong - I just hate admitting he 's right.I was a cook and have been making rice on the stove-top forever . During a dinner party , one of our guests asked why we did n't have a rice cooker . Well ... that got my husband researching rice cookers . He read EVERY Amazon.com review as well as the Zojirushi website . You have no idea how bitterly I complained about `` wasting '' money on a rice cooker . Boy was I wrong . This rice cooker is awesome and makes really fabulous rice . Yes , the rice actually is more delectable.Some observations - Similar to coffee makers , the capacity refers to 6 oz cups . However , for best results , Zojirushi recommends using no more than 4 - 6 oz cups of dry rice SO this machine machine comfortably feeds 4 adults . If you plan on feeding more people or want leftovers , consider getting the larger capacity rice cooker.Hands down makes the best brown rice ! It comes out perfectly and is delicious ! We always knew brown rice was healthier , but just never liked it . Now , it is a regular part of our repertoire.If you 've never had rice porridge , you are in for a real treat ! You can set the rice cooker up in the evening to have the porridge ready in the morning . We often add thinly sliced black mushrooms and ginger . What a fabulous , healthy warm breakfast.I have n't even touched upon sticky rice or mixed grain recipes . Thus far , everything has come out perfectly . I wish I could say the same of some for my other cooking experiments!So , fair is fair . I 'm eating crow and writing this review . I imagine my husband will bookmark this one . Purchasing the Zojirushi Fuzzy Logic Rice Cooker was money well spent . I highly recommend the machine and give it 8 out of 5 stars .
 Just received this `` Fuzzy Logic '' rice cooker and my choice relied heavily on the previous 83 customers who took the time to offer their solid comments and advice . I agree that the Zojirushi is a little pricey , but if you are a rice fan and want an outstanding result each time , then this is the way to go . Simple to operate , especially if you have had experience with the old `` on & off '' switch types . I find the instruction manual to be a little less than fully user friendly -LRB- often the case with translations to English -RRB- but it can be mastered and if your measurements are close , then it is the fuzzy logic that does the real work . Do n't hesitate to experiment a bit , and using chicken broth instead of water really adds flavor or just use a 50/50 combo of broth and water . makes a huge difference .
 What an amazing , brilliant machine . Extraordinary Risotto that you do n't have to stand over and stir for 30 minutes ! You must buy The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook , by Hensperger/Kaufman to get the most out it .2 notes : - When cooking Brown Basmati rice , use the `` seim-brown rice '' water level and cooking timer - not the Brown rice setting . - When making risottos or any other recipe that requires you to saute onions , etc. , in the bowl before adding the rice , you have to take the bowl out of the rice cooker for maybe a minute to let the cooker cool before you can close the lid and let it cook . Make sure to use the `` Quick Cook '' setting for sauteing onions , spices , etc. - it heats up and cooks faster.I love this machine and cookbook . We 're vegetarian and making 1 - dish , delicious , easily-put-together meals is a God-send . Setting up before I go to bed and having porridge or breakfast rice ready whenever I ask it to be is remarkable .
 I have had mine for about over a year now , and it just up and crocked , not sure why . It was faithfull and great for the time I had it , I will miss it , and I am currently awaiting the 3 cup model from zojirushi .
 My friends have one of these that I 've used and it is very nice , but I could not handle the price -LRB- a year or more ago -RRB- . After some searching , I found the Hitachi RZST10Y fuzzy rice cooker and ordered it at $ 89 . They have only 1 US reseller so far as I can tell . It has been great . The same `` fire-and-forget '' function . Now that Zojirushi prices are n't quite so inflated , I would consider them next time . But hmmm. , I did not know until I stopped here that the `` Z '' models will need to have their internal battery surgically replaced in future . I need to see if the Hitachi has a user-replaceable battery . That was something I was not aware of with these and not sending it back to NYC in 3 years would be a plus : -RRB- UPDATE
 Although I was dubious when my husband purchased this , it has been one of our best kitchen investments ever . We have rice several times a week now -LRB- far more often than we ever did before -RRB- because this cooker ios so easy to use , and it MAKES PERFECT RICE . Keeps it perfect for HOURS.It reheats rice perfectly too . Instead of having day-old Chinese take-out rice that gets hard and yucky , we dump it into this cooker with a spoonful of water , and voila , perfect again . We have used just about every setting . We also use it for oatmeal and other whole grain cereals . Set the timer and wake up to perfect oatmeal ; yummy . It is incredibly easy to use and program , and , it a perfectly quirky Oriental way , it plays catchy little ditties when the rice is done .
 but we especially enjoy having our oatmeal ready for us in the morning -- cooked prefectly . This machine is capable of cooking many types of grains , and it is very easy to clean .
 This rice cooker is so easy to use . I did discover that brown basmatti rice , which we use almost exclusively , needs to be cooked with the semi-brown rice setting and on that setting it comes out perfectly every time . You can set the timer for the rice to be ready at a particular time and the cooker starts at the right time to get it done on time . It does take longer than my old rice cooker , but the timer compensates for that . It takes 1 hour to cook brown basmatti rice , and my old cooker took 45 minutes . I have no idea how long white rice takes , because we rarely eat it . I would definitely purchase this rice cooker again if I had it to do over .
 The Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker and Warmer has been a great addition to our cooking tools . So far , we are very happy.The product is expensive , but the rice tastes fabulous .
 Definitely as advertised . It has made my wife very happy . I highly recommend purchase of this model , as it cooks excellent rice every single time .
 So I 've been raised on ` instant ' rice , and I just got this rice cooker - and it makes me sad that I was missing out on this delicious rice all those years.I 've cooked around 5 different kinds of rice in this thing -LRB- sushi , brown , sweet , basmati , wild rice -RRB- , and each and every batch has come out absolutely perfect.I 'm dying to try out the porridge feature , I 'll have to pick some up soon . One of the coolest features on this cooker is the timer . You set the time you want the rice to be done , and voila , the rice is done for you at exactly that time . So if you do n't want to wait around for dinner after you get home , dinner will be waiting for you.This thing even plays music in place of timer beeps . How cool is that?This rice cooker is definitely worth paying a little extra more for . It does everything you could possibly want out of a rice cooker and more .
 This is by far the best rice cooker I 've had . In the past , I 've used Hitachi and National rice cookers that basically just heat up and cook the rice . This Zojirushi cooks the rice very evenly . I prefer my rice soft yet still resilient and the normal setting does that . It also keeps the rice from drying out if you leave it to warm . I 've left it for a couple of hours and the rice remined perfect . Also , this rice cooker is quite easy to use . I highly recommend this model .
 this was the first rice maker we ever bought . it is one of the best kitchen investments we ever made . it cooks perfectly , and allows for your own creativity . simple to use , programmable , easy to clean up . i am so happy with this product . it sure beats the heck out of minute rice .
 This rice cooker makes perfect resturant quality rice and keeps it fresh for hours . The only problem is we 've increased our rice consumption by 300 % .
 The best rice cooker I 've ever owned . I prefer haiga rice , and this does an excellent job . Of course you rarely go wrongwith Zojirushi products .
 After reading many reviews of this and other rice cookers on Amazon , I opted for the Zojirushi . So far , two months later , it has worked quite well in terms of how it cooks rice and other grains , and I especially like the time-delay that allows me to wake up to hot cereal in the morning . The drawbacks are that food crud gets stuck in the steam outlet and it 's hard to remove because the lid does n't lift off for cleaning . You have to go in with a small toothbrush or bottle brush to get rid of the goop . If you do n't , it will cake up and block the vent . There is a removable metal plate in the lid that also gets dirty , but it 's hand washable . However , it 's rimmed by a pliable gasket that catches water , and takes a long time to air-dry . If you put it back into the rice cooker when it 's wet , you can create a breeding ground for bacteria , particularly if you leave the machine unused for several days.One earlier reviewer mentioned that his Zojirushi died after four years due to an internal circuitry failure , and it was costly to replace the computer . I thought long and hard about this caveat when I ponied up the $ 175 for the rice cooker . If this happens to mine , I 'll have to determine if it was worth it to spend that much on a doomed machine . In the meanwhile , I am moderately satisfied with the machine itself , and am pleased with the way it cooks . I also love the idea of having something that 's both `` neuro '' and `` fuzzy '' on my countertop . Seems an apt metaphor for the way I live .
 It 's the best ! I purchased this item for my household on Amazon.com with the 2 day shipping and it arrived before Christmas . Since then I 've made perfect white rice , arroz con leche , Irish steel cut oatmeal , rolled oats , rice mixed with other grains , all perfect every time ! My dad and my son love the rice , oatmeal and other dishes I 've made with the elephant rice cooker . My Asian friends at work recommended this rice cooker and I 'm so happy I took their advice . They really did know what they were talking about . At first I thought it was crazy to spend this much money on a rice cooker . I grew up eating rice every day , this small appliance makes my life so much easier . It 's so easy to clean , I love that the lid is detachable so you can wash it thoroughly after each use . Especially after cooking oatmeal , you really need to wash the lid really well because oatmeal residue gets stuck on the top of the inner lid . That could cause your next batch of white rice to smell like oatmeal if you do n't clean it thoroughly . I also purchased the Ultimate Rice Cooker cook book and it is excellent as a guide .
 Great product . Really you just follow the simple instructions , modifying the amount of water slightly depending how you like your rice or what type of rice you are cooking , set it on , and forget about it till the buzz.Could be a little faster , but cooks plenty of rice but I just set it up right when I get home and go about my evening . No mess , no fuss , just great rice.Cleaning is a breeze as everything pretty much beaks apart for easy cleaning and the non stick surface only needs soap and water and sponge.Enjoy .
 We had not owned a rice cooker before , but we are very pleased with this model . The 5.5 cup version makes lots of rice , so unless your family exceeds 4-5 people , this unit 's capacity should be enough for most families . We like brown rice , which is notoriously hard to cook well . Either its too dry or too mushy when cooked in a pan . In this cooker , however , brown rice is cooked perfectly , producing fluffy grains of brown rice that keep well in the refrigerator without clumping together . This unit is extremely well-made , and the retractable cord is a design plus . Cleanup is like washing a bowl , because that 's what you do and the non-stick surface cleans up quickly . The instructions can be a little overwhelming , as they contain lots of information . But , the actual operation of the unit is simple
 I finally decided to get a rice cooker . For decades , my attitude was wondering why anyone would buy a rice cooker , when all you have to do is put water in a saucepan a 1/2 inch to 1 inch over the rice , bring it to a boil and then let simmer.With the rice cooker , we have consistent cooking . We are also enjoying purchasing different kinds of rice to cook.We did have to play with the rice cooker to figure out which settings to use . As a tip -- cook brown basmati or brown jasmine cook on the `` semi-brown '' setting .
 We 've owned this Japanese machine for 8 years now . We 're using the rice at least 4 times a week and it 's been in constant use ever since we bought it . We never had any issues with it at all . My wife keeps the Zojirushi clean , according to manufacturer 's suggestions and it still looks and works like new . I was worried about the seal of the lid due to the fact that it 's made out of rubber , but it 's still going strong . The coated pot held up well and shows very little signs of wear -LRB- we only use the plastic spatula inside the pot -RRB- . We 're keeping the rice cooker plugged most of the time , so the battery never needed to be replaced . Our rice is so popular that we 're often being asked to bring a batch of rice to friends/family . The rice cooker comes with a handle , so the finished rice is easily transported while keeping the rice warm for a couple of hours.We 're using a wide variety of rice , including Calrose , Jasmin , Basmati , black rice , sushi rice , short-grain , medium-grain , long-grain and of course all types of brown rice . The rice always cooks perfectly and the quality meets or beats the rice of the best asian restaurants in town . We 're also cooking complete meals in the machine and I love the porridge setting for cooking things like congee or steel-cut-oats for a hearty breakfast . I never used to be a fan of brown rice , but this cooker changed that . The brown rice comes out perfectly cooked and is very tasty.The rice cooker is expensive , but even if it broke down today - we got 8 years of service for an amortized cost of about $ 20.00 a year . I expect this cooker to last many more years but I would not hesitate to buy the same model again if it were to break down today .
 My husband is the one who wanted this rice cooker . I thought it was expensive and doubted it would be worth the hefty price tag . I love this rice cooker ! Cooking white rice is n't rocket science but we eat so much more brown rice now that we have the Zojirushi ! The brown rice is so tender . I usually cook 3-4 cups of rice at a time and then store it in the fridge for leftovers . The machine is also wonderful for holding the rice once the cooking is complete . I have held rice for up to 3 hours and it is still perfect . Worth the price if you like rice or want to start eating more rice . Did I mention easy to clean ? I just ca n't say enough good things about this product !
 After reading all the reviews , I have settled on this model because :1 -RRB- Made in Japan2 -RRB- NOT made in ChinaWe have always made 2 cups of rice but always thought it did n't turn out the best but it was a lot better than the Tiger that I have had for 12 years . With 2 cups , the rice came out kinda soggy and too mushy even on the harder option . Then one day I had to make a little more rice and used 3 cups and the rice came out perfect !!! It was n't mushy . The individual grains wad defined and soft and delish.The porridge setting made the congee silky like , almost a silken tofu consistency .
 I like you always thought that a rice cooker was another kitchen toy that would be used once and then hidden in a cupboard somewhere never to be used again . Well was I ever wrong . I took a sushi cooking class in January that got me interested in other brands of rice other than just Uncle Bens long grain rice . I noticed how good the rice was an how they prepared it using a rice cooker . I then read a number of reviews about rice cookers and found that there are simple ones that can be used for steaming as well as rice cooking and then there was the more expensive kind that only did rice and other cereals . In the later group is further broken down into fuzzy rice cooker , induction fuzzy rice cookers and pressure induction fuzzy rice cookers . As you can guess the prices continues to go up as you add more bells in wisseles . I decided on this model because it gave me the minimum set of features I was looking for.The last time I was as happy with a purchase like this is when I bought my first ipod touch . The user interface could not be simpler . Using there cup you measure the amount of rice you want to cook , wash it and then put it in the rice pot in the cooker . The inside of the rice pot has a measuring lable that shows you how much water to add . Then place the rice pot in the cooker , close the lid and press the menu button that IDs the kind of rice you are cooking . Next you have two choices do I want the rice cook now or some time in the future . For now push the cook button and your done . If you want it some time in the future you push the time button . The first time you use it you have to use the up and down arrows on the front to select the time you want the rice done . It uses military time . So if you want the rice done at 5:00 pm you would enter 17:00 on the display . The cooker remembers the time you set , so from then on all you have to do is press the time button it will come up 17:00 . Next you press the cook button and your done . The nice think is that the rice cooker nows how long to cook the rice you selected and in the case of using the timer it nows when to start cooking to have it done on the time you selected . This acts as an aroma timer for me . When I smell the rice cooking I now it 's time to start dinner . When this rice is done cooking a cheerful tune is played and the cooker is switched to the keep warm mode . Depending the kind of rice your cooking it can stay in this mode for several hours . This works out great because the rice comes out perfectly cooked when every your done cooking the rest of the meal . Cleanup could not be easier . I take the rice bowl fill it full of hot water and gently wipe it out with a sponge . It has a non stick service so it comes clean with little effort . Next you take the lid off and wipe as well and your done . When I think about cooking rice in a pot on the stove and the amount of work I went through timing and watching the rice cook followed by cleaning the pot . If I over cooked the rice then I remember what a pain it was to clean the pot and how bad the rice tasted.Both these problems are either eliminated or greatly reduced.If your like me you just think about the number of meals you currently make that requires rice . Since it was such a pain to work with you probably did not explore all the different kinds of recipes that are enhance by using different types of rice . With this rice cooker it 's easy . The cooker itself does not take up that much counter space . I leave mine out on the counter all the time . I found that I used the cooker for both breakfast and dinner . For breakfast I make old fashion Grits for my wife . You put in 1/4 cup of grits and 11/4 cups of water , select porridge using the menu button and then hit the cook button and your done . After the Grits are done I open the lid and put in two slices of Velveeta a cheese on the top close the lid and let it stand for about a minute . The cheese melts into the Grits . You stir it a little using the paddle that came with the rice cooker pour it into a bowl and your done . Does she love it . I make steel cut oatmeal for myself and it always comes out great . In both cases you do n't have to baby sit the unit it does all the work for you.You may wonder why I only gave this unit 4 stars instead of 5 . Well the one thing that is missing on this unit is a back light for the display . It makes it hard to read in limited light conditions . Other than that there is nothing to not like about this rice cooker .
 I was debating getting another $ 20 rice cooker but we do a lot of rice at home . I 'm glad I chose this . It takes the guess work out of all kinds of rice . We can eat brown jasmine , basmati , sticky , and about anything else you can imagine.When it arrived I was a tad overwhelmed by all the buttons and manual is a little hard to read . It took a little time and it 's actually super easy to use . I 'd say the directions are the hardest part ! You have a little white scoop , you fill it with rice , fill the removable bowl with water/broth and adjust the cooker to the type of rice you are making . It sings a little song and makes the rice . Caveat - it can take a LONG time . Brown rice , especially . And , since it 's using all that fuzzy logic stuff it has no idea when it 's going to finish . I have gotten good at estimating and you will have to as well . I 've gotten bold and I add broths , and savory herbs , onions , garlic , and other goodies to make pilafs . The Zojirushi manages to turn out a delicious pot of rice no matter what I put in there.Super super super easy to clean!The feature that allows you to put it all in in advance is excellent as well.Love it . Use it several times a week since we bought it almost a year ago . Worth every penny .
 of course , is did n't exist in its current form 20 years ago , but still.I thought the aluminum pot electric rice cooker we bought in Honolulu 20 years ago was just the thing . I 'd tried cooking rice , many kinds of rice , brown , long , short grain , wild , many different ways.There is , said the master , just one way.It is the Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy Rice way.You wo n't regret it .
 I actually have 2 favourite things in my kitchen -LRB- this & Zojirushi CD-WBC40 Micom 4-Liter Electric Water Boiler and Warmer , Champagne Gold -RRB- . This rice cooker makes the best rice I 've ever had in my life.I make the full capacity amount of brown rice about twice a week . The rest of the time , this amazing rice cooker keeps it warm . I have perfect rice ready to go at a moments notice . I have even forgotten about the rice on the Keep Warm setting for 2 whole days & it was still wonderful when I dug into it . I never have to re-heat rice in the microwave again ! I 'm actually thinking of purchasing a second cooker because my husband prefers wild rice & I do n't care for it . That way we could both have perfect rice whenever we wish!The inner bowl rinses & wipes clean . I remove the inner lid & let it dry out completely in between batches , it only takes a couple of hours . I 've never had a mold problem like one reviewer did , even in the moist Pacific Northwest climate . The outside gets a sweep with a damp-dry cloth once a week to stay spotless.A quick note about rinsing
 As many people has already found out about this product , it cooks rice very easily . I totally agree . However , I have used a 10 cup model in China before we came to US last year , I noticed if you are cooking 2 cups of rice in each machine , the outcomes are different
 I 've had this rice cooker for about a week now and I must say that I 'm fairly pleased with my purchase . As with most , I was hesitant based on the price tag , but when it comes to making rice , this bad boy is top notch.I 've made a couple of batches with some cheap long grain rice and both times the rice came out perfect . The first batch was with the normal setting and the cooked batch was nice and fluffy . The rice was not mushy or hard , all the kernels/grains were very distinct and separate . The second batch was with the softer setting and sure enough , it came out a little moister and softer than the first batch.I went out and purchased some nicer Japanese short grain rice yesterday and again , the rice was done perfectly . I actually prefer this type of rice -LRB- a little sticky -RRB- for general purposes , and I was really surprised how well it came out . I meant to turn off the rice cooker last night , but when I left the house this morning , I realized that I had left it on over night . The indicator stated that the rice had been warming for 14 hours . When I turned it off , I peaked inside to see what the rice looked like and it still looked pretty good , just slightly dry . My old rice cooker would have turned that into a big brown mess already.I have yet to try brown rice , but I will be soon . For now , I 'm glad I bought this cooker . I was considering the Sanyo ECJ-D55S one instead , which is closer to $ 100 dollars . The reviews say that those two are pretty much the same in terms of quality , the consensus being that they are both 1/2 interchangeably , but I opted for the Zojirushi one instead since I already have a Zojirushi airpot . Plus , if I 'm going to spend that much on a rice cooker , I would hate to buy the Sanyo for a little less and wonder if I cheaped out and did n't get the better one.That said , today 's price for the cooker is $ 200 ! I paid over $ 30 less for mine last week ! If you are planning on buying this cooker , check out your local asian supermarket instead . The 99 Ranch in the Bay Area sells this for $ 140 , but of course , you have to factor in tax .
 Just the right size for a family of 3 . Very nice program features . Although a tad lazy and I 'm not sure how `` green '' it is , I find that 12 + hours later we have warm rice ready to eat .
 We 've had our rice cooker about a year now . We 've only used the default setting . Every time I use it I have the same two thoughts :1 . I ca n't believe I spent this much for this .2 . This rice is great!It 's the right tool for rice . There 's a reason it has so many five-star reviews ! If you need/want a rice cooker , you 'll be glad you bought this one ! 2011 update
 I struggled for a while over whether to invest in a rice cooker . Everyone I know swears by their Zojirushi , but , after all , does n't simmering on a stovetop get the job done ? And , who needs another counter-cluttering gadget right ? Wrong . I can now say I never truly enjoyed rice before I let my neuro fuzzy logic cooker take over . I am humbled to say , it is smarter than me . And most forgiving . Brown rice never tasted so good ! This high quality , well-built machine looks great and works fantastic . Instructions are easy to follow and the warming feature comes in handy . You can prepare rice at any time , and it will be ready - in perfect condition - when you are ready to serve it . I suggest you get a good rice cookbook as you will want to use this machine as often as possible .
 I buy a lot from Amazon , but I do n't write a lot of reviews . This rice cooker , however , is amazing . I got it overnight , just unpacked it , and made delicious , chewy , creamy , nutty steel cut oats in about an hour . Use 1 rice cooker cup of McCann 's oats , 3 rice cooker cups of water , select the porridge setting , and come back in about an hour . Stir in the juice that rises to the top and enjoy . Brown rice pudding is next . I have to get up really early some days , and I ca n't wait to pre-program in a hot breakfast . Think of it as a slow cooker for people with a sense of urgency!The ZCC10 is extremely well made and easy to clean . I also recommend the Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook by Hensperger and Kaufmann , which has lots of good ideas for rice and more.So far , the only thing I can see to look out for is to make sure that you measure consistently . Use the 180 ml rice cooker cups for the grain and the water , or use larger kitchen cups for the grain and the water to get the right ratio . Also , the unit comes with a nubby plastic spatula/scraper thingy that wo n't mar the nonstick finish of the bowl . Cleaning is a breeze with cold water and a microfiber cloth.It 's a little pricey , but well worth it because it has just about every setting you 'll need to make more than just plan rice.Here 's the cookbook link : The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook
 if you truely appreciate Japanese `` sticky '' rice then this cooker is a must buy . sure you can find cheaper cookers and for the even more impatient there is this stuff called `` minute rice '' you can invest in ... but if you want the most perfect `` sticky '' rice than a human being can make then buy this machine .
 This is a great rice cooker ... it 's a little spendy , but if you eat a lot of rice it is well worth it . I bought mine just after Christmas and I love it . The directions are easy enough to follow , the control buttons are easy to use , and my rice comes out perfect every single time . There are multiple cooking settings for different types of rice , too . It 's a little bit bigger in size than I thought -LRB- 13 '' X 9 '' X 71/2 '' -RRB- . It keeps the rice warm for hours after it 's finished cooking with no burning . Easy to clean , too . Plays cute tunes when you start it -LRB- Twinkle , Twinkle Little Star -RRB- and another tune when it 's finished cooking .
 The good : -- makes awesome rice -- makes excellent steel cut oatmeal -- timer option -- minimal cleaningThe bad : -- no gaba rice option -- steel cut oatmeal clogs the top if : -- not made overnightThe ugly : -- nothing , i love this cookerupdate : been using this cooker for several months , still works great , we 've been eating less rice but still plenty of oatmeal
 This is a great rice cooker . It will hold the rice so you do n't have to worry about it getting cold if you dinner is a little late . I would buy it again works great .
 We bought a Zojirushi rice cooker yesterday . It does n't make any noise or steam at all ! Just a nice music telling you it starts working and a nice `` ding '' telling you `` Done ! '' This rice cooker makes the best rice we have ever had , it cooks mixed brown rice and white rice perfectly !!! I am so glad we bought it .
 Ive owned this rice cooker for around 7 years now and it has worked flawlessly . I have absolutely no complaints and would purchase it again . Ive used this unit in two different states without issue . Ive heard the reviews about the battery but I seem to be lucky as it has never gone out . I just purchased the one pound bread maker and really love it so far , waiting awhile to write the review . I would highly recommend this unit above others .
 This rice cooker makes it so easy to make and eat rice that we would eat rice all the time if we are n't careful . Even my four-year-old understands how to make rice , it 's so easy to use . I also love to make oatmeal and steamed veggies in it , and the timer function makes it simple to simply set up my food ahead of time and wake up -LRB- or come home -RRB- to the meal being ready.I love the handle - that makes it easy to use and store . And the retracting cord never gets in the way .
 I am asian i love rice we eat every day rice this rice cooker perfect for me . soft rice i feel good amazon.com help me a lot thank you whatever i need theye have it and 30 days mony back garenty help a lot . one day in world amazon gona be number one sopping center
 Very happy with this product . Purchased two -LRB- one for me and one for my daughter . -RRB- Very fast delivery as well . I highly recommend this product for those who are `` rice '' connoisseurs .
 Yes there are much cheaper rice cookers on the market . I had one . It cooked much faster but always had a hard `` skin '' of rice around the edge of the pan . Since my daughter is heading off to college , I took the opportunity to evaluate my appliances and replace any that I wanted and pass the old stuff to her . I had this -LRB- or a similar -RRB- rice cooker sitting in my Amazon Wish List forever and finally broke down a bought it.I 've owned it a little over a month now and am extremely happy with it . I have only cooked white rice in it , but it 's the best white rice I 've ever had . It 's moist but fluffy and oh-so-flavorful . I wish I had bought it years ago .
 If you eat rice , especially brown rice , you need one of these.The best feature is that you can put the rice and water in the machine in the morning before work , and set the timer and the rice will be perfect when you get home . No more waiting 90 minutes for perfect brown rice ! In fact , when you do brown rice in the cooker , it 's the perfect texture for making sushi . Not crunchy at all.I 've cooked long grain , basmati and brown rice with great results . Glutinous black rice is still a challenge.If you use the measure that comes with the cooker , one measure of rice cooks up to be enough rice for two people .
 Easy to use , fast , good size - both for small amounts as well as a meal for 6-8 people , retractable power cord .
 This was a great purchase . We have stuck with the brand zojirushi and it has paid off . Amazon had the best price for this product .
 My wife and I use this to makeRoland Premium Jasmine Rice from Thailand . We have n't played around with the settings for other types of rice yet , but this rice comes out delicious when the cycle first finishes.The only problem is that after the rice has been left in the cooker overnight , it tends to dry out . I believe that this is a common problem with rice cookers , though .
 It cooks the rice perfectly and is easy to clean . My family has been buying Zojirushi rice cookers for decades and has not been disappointed with the quality and performance - this machine is no exception . This is an invaluable appliance if you cook rice more than 2-3 times a week . I would definitely purchase this again.My mother has the 10cup version of this machine and I almost bought that one , but if you are not feeding more than 6 people , then this machine -LRB- 5.5 cups -RRB- will definitely be enough.A charming , trivial bonus to this machine is that it plays a cute song when it finishes cooking the rice .
 This is a nice product , and the Zojirushi customer service department was helpful when I needed instruction.Keeps my rice warm all day as stated .
 This thing is super amazing . It offers a LOT of cooking options and the solid heating bowl inside makes it ideal for putting all sorts of things in with the rice to jazz up the rice or even get close to making a stew kind of thing . Highly recommended .
 Zojirushi rice cooker is fantastic!It fits different kinds of rice and cooks well.It is expensive compared with other rice cookers , but Japanese small electronics are trustworthy .
 Purchased this rice cooker as I felt the need to eat good rice all the time . It cooks perfect rice all the time.Take away one star as I wish it has a steam tray . But if you do n't need one , I will recommend this rice cooker .
 I bought this rice cooker to replace a 20-year old cooker . I am amazed at the difference in the cooked rice . I have tried different types of rice and all of them come out great . It takes a while to work through the directions , as this cooker has lots of options , but the final product is well worth it . I highly recommend this product !
 Bought this when my old National rice cooker 's non-stick inner surface FUBAR 'd after years of use and abuse . Works well for cooking rice - I mix white and quick-cooking brown , and it does a beautiful job cooking it . Not sure why it takes 57 minutes to complete cooking though since my old cooker only takes 20 minutes , a bit of a hassle since I have to wash the rice 1 hour ahead of meal time . Also a bit steep of a price for a gadget that only cooks rice . Would 've been nice if it has a steamer basket option .
 Lovin rice now that I got this unit . Does one thing VERY well . Expensive but so far very worth it . Trying all kinds of new rices .
 This is a great product . I use it regularly , at least twice a week .
 A cheerful little product . Well made , well priced , and well cooked . Cleaning is easy , and the cord storage is wonderful -LRB- automatic retracting power cords should be a law for all small appliances -RRB- . I have n't had any troubles of any kind .
 This is a great product , we 've been using it for a long while with no problems ...
 Perfect rice every time . Does not stick . I love it !
 Very easy to use . The cooked rice is delicious . The only problem is that it cooks very slow .
 Although the rice cooker itself works great , the instruction book which comes with it is very poor . It does n't even explain when to use which of the two slightly different sized cups the unit comes with . That said , it cooks white and brown rice beautifully and makes a terrific batch of steel cut oats oatmeal.One feature I wish it had was to give some indication of the approximate cooking time left to go . It only does so for the last few minutes of the process . Also , the built in clock does n't seem to have a way to display North American convention 12 hour time and always displays in the 24 time format . The clock is n't important as we are surrounded by clocks on just about everything with a digital display these days , but it does show lack of attention to the local market . Then again , maybe there is a way to change the clock mode and I just ca n't find it in the manual !
 The Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker is relatively simple to operate . I prefer brown rice so that 's mainly why I fire up the cooker -LRB- though white rice is good as long as nothing is mixed in with it -RRB- . The only bad thing about the cooker is that it 's WAY too expensive to buy online . Try to look for one at your local department store . If they do n't have one your best option would be to see if your local department store allows you to specially order a rice maker from them . Do NOT order one from somewhere online .
 I grew up with one button rice cookers . The kind I liked the best was one where you would put water on the outside of the rice pot as well as in the inside of the pot with the rice and then press the button . I do n't think they make those anymore . Nowadays you have to keep the outside of the pot dry . Kinda a pain after you got it wet washing the rice.Back when I was growing up we made delicious rice , rice porridge , steamed sausage over rice , steamed chicken and vegetables in broth , bean soup , etc. using the simple one button rice cooker . The trick for some of the dishes is to run the cook cyle twice to cook longer.I mention all this to explain why just having a rice cooker cooking different things does n't totally impress me . I 'm used to having one that is simple to use and versatile.With this background , I was a little bit disappointed in the ZAC10 rice cooker although I still think it is an excellent product.This neuro fuzzy is CUTE . And it makes DELICIOUS oatmeal . It also makes cheaper rice taste better . The keep warm feature works perfectly -- no making a crust . I use the timer feature for oatmeal in the morning - very nice to have.But it is also awfully SLOW . I 'm used to the rice cooker cooking faster than the stovetop method but this one is just as slow if not slower . For 1 small cup of rice it takes 40 + minutes . The machine I grew up with took 20 minutes . Even the quick cook feature on this machine takes 30 minutes.Theoretically you ca n't use this as a steamer according to the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook I also bought . That 's too bad since I am used to steaming things in a rice cooker . I will play around with it though and see if that 's really the case.I am still torn about whether to get this for my motherinlaw this Xmas . She loves oatmeal but cooked in milk so the timer feature wo n't help her . But still , it makes delicious oatmeal without her having to stand and stir . And it keeps it warm for a long time . What 's making me hesitate is that she does n't eat rice that often and the buttons in the front are rather daunting . -LRB- It really is n't as complicated as it looks though -RRB- Also the manual has no good recipes . It does n't even tell you if you can make oatmeal with milk or not in it . -LRB- You can . -RRB- On the web they have some and if I were to get this for her I would definitely print out some recipes to go with it . This would be an expensive gift not to be used.If you eat rice alot or like rice , oatmeal , porridge , that kind of thing ... a rice cooker is a must and this one is a great one . Just realize that if you 're use to a one button rice cooker you 'll be giving up simplicity .
 this uses teflon coating . and Sanyo rice cooker uses titanium coating . why not get the Sanyo instead .
 It does take a long time -LRB- 2hrs -RRB- from brown rice , but it does come up perfect . I tried the quick cook and the time was down to about 75 minutes . I did see the same unit in the Food Lion from about $ 60 less . Should have looked there first .
 I do n't know how/why I was not smart enough to buy this sooner -- it 's fabulous.It arrived via FedEx this afternoon and I thought I 'd fire it up with some plain basmati rice . When the rice was done and I got my first taste , I could n't stop eating -- it was the best rice I 've had in years ! Twenty minutes later I finished my fourth serving and was stuffed -LRB- and remember , this was just plain white rice ! -RRB- . Needless to say , this unit is well worth the $ 156 from amazon -LRB- keep an eye out for those amazon discounts -RRB- .
 1-Measure rice2-Add water3-Press cookThen enjoy , enjoy , enjoy . Till i got this dream machine , i would attempt to cook rice on the stove , have it stick to the pot , soak it out and throw away over a cup of burnt rice . Then i got the Zojirushi and it was love at first cup . Perfect rice every time , if you follow the instructions ; always use measuring cups provided , because they are NOT standard -LRB- 8oz -RRB- cup . Select the type of rice you are cooking and it determines the cooking time . I particularly loooove the timer , because brown rice takes about two hours to cook , I use the timer , set the end time and `` Fuhgeddaboudit '' . I 've had it for nearly 7 years now and it still looks like new . The clock battery just died , so now I have to set the time whenever I want to use the timer ; not a big deal so I am not even sure if I will pay to have battery replaced , because the cooker works perfectly -LRB- contacted Zojirushi cust svc and was told , `` The battery is soldered into the PC board , to replace the battery , you would have to send the unit to our authorized service center . Price varies byservice center '' -RRB-
 I 've only had this rice cooker for a week , but in that time I have made two pots of white rice , a pot of brown , and a couple of pots of steel cut oatmeal . This is by far one of the best and most useful electric appliance purchases I 've ever made . I 've been aware of rice cookers for a long time , but it never occurred to me that it would be something I 'd use much . I 've always made pretty good rice on the stovetop and do n't make it that often , so it did n't seem particularly necessary in my small kitchen . But I kept reading about them , and a friend told me how she keeps brown rice going in hers and she and her husband cook veggies and bit of meat and fish and top the rice with it for quick weeknight dinners . I also wanted to be able to have brown rice more often for dinner but would avoid it because it takes too long to cook stovetop on a weeknight.So I started doing research -LRB- I research all my cookware and appliances to within an inch of their lives -RRB- . For my needs , which included brown rices , good oatmeal , and other grains , it soon seemed that a fuzzy logic model would be the right one . Before I made a final decision to buy , I downloaded a copy of kThe Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook - Rev
 I think we eat a lot of rice . Prbably use this thing 4 days a week . Ive tried the softer , harder , normal , and quick cook settings . Have not tried brown rice yet . The quick cook setting averages about 35 minutes for 2-3 cups of rice . The normal setting averages about an hour . I prefer the normal but use the quick when running short of time . I also LOVE the fact that this thing tells you how much time is left on the display . Makes coordinating the other items easy.Sometimes I add seasonings , herbs , stock etc to the pan and it comes out great . I used to have the kind of rice cooker with the little button in the middle you press . Rice would sometimes stick to the pan or cook uneavenly and burn a little . Dont have those issues with this one . This one costs more obviously , but its really worth it if you eat a fair amount of rice . I would definitely buy another one . I have been using this since Nov 2010 . And dont buy the cheap crud . Get some good Jasmine rice . When it cooks and gets almost done , the steam comes out like a coffee maker and oh man will it smell good .
 We 've had this rice cooker for almost 2 years and we are very happy with it . My husband and I are from Asian families and my husband is native Japanese , so his standards for good rice are especially high . This cooker has not disappointed us . It 's extremely easy to use and the rice has always turned out great . If anything , we 're kind of disappointed when we go out to restaurants because many times the rice outside does n't measure up to what we 're eating at home . I like that , unlike the cooker we used when we lived in Japan , you do n't have to have hair-like precision when it comes to water measurement ; with our previous cooker if I was even a drop of water off , the rice would turn out either too dry or too wet . This cooker seems more forgiving . Finally , it 's -LRB- so -RRB- easy to clean and it still looks brand new almost 2 years later -LRB- and we use it almost daily -RRB- . My 70 year-old Chinese mother was also so impressed with it that she finally replaced her 20 year-old rice cooker with this one , and asked me to get one for my brother as well . If you 're sitting on the fence because of the cost -LRB- as I was initially -RRB- , I 'd recommend you go for it especially if you like rice and it is a major part of your diet .
 After I read all the comments about this rice cooker , I purchased it . After I purchased it , I saw a 1 or 2 stars comment that we must take this rice cooker to an authorized dealer to replace the battery . That made me worry a while . My worry is gone now as it cooks perfect rice with this Japan made Zojirushi rice cooker . Also , the menu suggested to leave the electric plug on so no need to replace the battery so soon . But , you must unplug it when cleaning . Anyway , this is a good rice cooker but I puchased it more expensive than Ranch 99 Market . I got it at $ 175 for 51/2 cups on line but Ranch 99 is selling it at $ 145 for 10 cups . Suggest to look around for a good deal .
 Great rice every time , and simple to use once you 've waded through the instructions once . This is hands down better than the numerous American style/manufactured rice cookers I 've owned in the past , some of which were more expensive . Some specific notes : - Thick , quality interior rice bowl . This is one of the most important things because , just like any stove-top pot , even heat distribution is extremely important . I 'm not sure if this thing is anodized , but it 's definitely thicker than any inner tray I 've had with my previous rice cookers . This is one reason that I rarely have problems with the bottom layer of rice over-cooking . - Large , contoured heating element . This is another important thing as it spreads out the surface that is being directly heated , meaning -LRB- 1 -RRB- less heat needs to be used at any particular point on bowl and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the bowl does n't need to be overly-engineered to spread concentrated heat . Here is reason number two that I rarely get burned rice on the bottom . - Slow cook cycle -LRB- this is a good thing -RRB- . It takes about 45 - 60 minutes to cook even a small amount of rice because this cooker raises the rice to a very specific temperature and then attempts to steam it as part of the cooking process . All the American cookers I 've had in the past cook in about twenty minutes through a direct boil-and-be-done process . Of course , this gadget DOES have a fast cook process so it can operate in this fashion , but why waste good rice?Buy it , and enjoy .
 I received this rice cooker today . I was torn with the size . Can I feed my family , and have leftovers with this ? We are a family of five and was torn between the ten cup and the 5.5 . After I ordered the 5.5 I really felt like I should have ordered the 10 cup , even though I am not crazy about adding more appliances to my limited counter space . Most reviews do n't mention how much this cooker will feed . Well , for my family , we all ate to our hearts content and still had plenty of leftovers . Given that my kids are all eight and under , we do n't need a larger cooker . It was quite a bit of rice that it makes ! I can probably feed 7 people easily with this cooker . If you entertain a lot , or eat a lot -LRB- hello carbs -RRB- I 'd go the next size up , not a big price difference . It produced excellent Sushi rice , not burned at all on the bottom , a first for me ! I have gone from a fancy $ $ $ Breville , to an Oster and they all burned on the bottom . This came out perfect from the first try . I recommend this rice cooker , did n't give it a five , because I have not had it long enough to give it a perfect rating . Best appliance I have bought in years . Also , would like to add that it plays a cute tune when it starts the cook cycle . It is a unique appliance .
 I have had this for nearing a year now , and I have been eating perfect rice for nearing a year now . The song this plays when it starts and finishes is like something out of one 's childhood , but it makes no difference . For people who want something done right , you already know Zojirushi is the way to go . I am glad I got the smaller model . This makes perfect servings for up to four - six persons . It also has tons of options and comes with a recipe book . -LRB- You can make paella , but it 's not the best paella -RRB- It also makes tasty rice pudding . Possibly my best purchase of 2007 .
 We just tried it to cook basmati rice but the rice was slightly harder than we like using the `` normal '' mode . Still testing with different water lever and other mode like `` softer '' . We were will to pay more for this `` Made in Japan '' hoping it will be better quality and last longer than the typical `` Made in China '' models . Verdict is still out if it is worth it or not .
 Just Wonderful !!! My wife Loves IT ! No more overcooked or burned rice ... and no more pots of water boiling over and messing up stove ... Rice Cooker Heaven ...
 We are not big rice eaters , but we do like to make oatmeal , grits , and many other whole grain foods with this easy to use rice cooker . I am not sure how or what the `` neuro fuzzy logic '' does , but it makes great rice and keeps it warm . The instructions that come with the cooker are just OK . Get the `` Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' to get the recipies for rice , whole-grain cooking , and a variety of complete dinner recipies . We use it about twice a week.Be careful to use the measuring cups provided . 5 cups of rice with the cups supplied works fine . 5 cups with a regular measuring cup will overflow !
 This is our first rice cooker . We were never big rice eaters before . When we did eat rice it was the 5 minute microwave kind or those boxed rice side dishes . We now eat rice several times a week . I ca n't tell you about brown rice or other varieties , but this machine will make white rice like nobodies business.Here 's a simple recipe I made up the other night .2 cups rice - cook in beef broth if desired1 can of red beans drained2 lbs ground beef - browned5 heaping teaspoons of sofrito tomato baseSalt & pepper to taste
 Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 5-1/2 - Cup Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker and Warmer , Premium WhiteThis unit replaces a `` National '' rice cooker I purchased 15 years ago . This one looks like it 's younger sibling . Neuro Fuzzy logic makes cooking rice so easy . No complaints . I really like the little handles on the pot . Please read the instructions , a cup of rice , their cup is different from a standard measuring cup . If you keep it plugged in , you wo n't have to worry about the battery.AlHawaii
 My wife and I would eat rice two or three times a week and it was just rice . Now with this cooker we eat rice five to seven times a week and I quite frequently eat rice twice a day ! I love it ! It 's so easy ! Like Ron Popeil says `` set it and forget it '' . We have nothing negative to say about this machine .
 We are 5 in the family and we eat a lot of rice so this is only good for one setting only . It takes longer to cook the jasmine rice - 20-30 minutes , but it cooks just right . You can easily take out the container without getting burn .
 We are busy people and having fluffy rice ready in time for dinner and the next morning is a blessing . This rice cooker delivers on all its promises . We have Zojirushi rice cooker in our vacation home and needed one when we got to our new home . We chose Zojirushi again - have no regrets .
 This cooker is an huge improvement over my $ 20 padle-controlled cooker . Nice selection of options and it cooks and entire batch of rice correctly every time . I really like the warming mode after cooking , it makes timing the meal much easier.My previous cooker regularly over cooked the bottom . I had to double the batch to get the amount I wanted . Or I would try the stovetop , ususlly with similar results.Other reviews complained about the length of time it takes to cook a batch of rice . While it is true that a 20 minute stovetop batch becomes a 40-50 minute batch , the rice is cooked to perfection . Is cooking a batch of dry and burnt rice in 20 minutes really a comparison?I find that cleanup is quite easy if I remove the cover from the lid and wash it before the residue dries . The cooking pan is teflon so is easy to clean when I remove any leftovers to the refrigerator . The retractable power cord is way cool , makes storage easy.The instructions are a little light on cooking grains other than rice . Not surprising given it is a rice cooker . I will have to do some experimentation on cooking Kashi .
 Easy to use . Makes everything well . If you need a rice cooker than this is the one you need .
 Rice comes out nearly perfectly eat time . Inside detachable lid is a bit tedious to clean given the nooks and crannies around the lip / gasket . Outside of pan is already starting to scratch from all the wear -LRB- bought 6 months ago -RRB- ; inside of pan is still pristine . I can see this product lasting years , if not decades .
 i always want a rice cooker , but did n't know which one should to get , so i had vist a friend and saw the zojirushi rice cooker i ask her how good is this cooker , she say to me its the best , then i buy one which is vey good ...
 I 've recently discovered the joys of rice cookers when my brother bought a cheap one to try it out . The problem with his was that the rice would stick and clump up at the bottom even after rinsing properly . This one does not have that problem . Rice comes out perfect every time . It is a joy to cook with . Highly recommend.I do n't have much experience with other cookers , but this one works great for a family of four . It also can cook other things , but I have n't tested that out .
 I love this machine . It makes perfect rice . I 've tried long grain white , short grain brown , mixed , and steel cut oats too . Always perfect !
 In all aspects of cooking , common sense is always important . This is yet the best rice cooker , but it does n't cook just rice ; there is porridge , oatmeal , even cake ... The result is perfect all the time . It is not rocket science . If a buyer keeps getting bad results , that 's a problem on the person 's side , not the cooker .
 It is easy to clean . The size is good for four to five people . Very portable and works great as expected and recommended by friends .
 My Zojirushi rice cooker has been brilliant so far ! I have used it for all sorts of different types of rice and it has cooked them all perfectly . The instruction booklet is perhaps slightly confusing the first time you look through it , but once you get the hang of the amount of water and rice needed , it is incredibly easy and so useful . It makes any meal involving rice so much easier , as you simply set the rice cooker going and then do n't have to worry about it until you want to serve the rice ! Even if the rice cooking is complete before everything else is done , this model has a keep warm setting so it will keep until you need it . I love it !
 Good as stated in other comments . Worth every penny spent on it if you eat rice every day . Very good product !!!
 There are a lot of reviews in here so I 'll be short . My wife and I have tried several inexpensive rice cookers so I thought I 'd suprise her for Christmas by getting this.We eat a lot of rice and hated the way we had to add water to the old cookers to make it moist enough . The other problem we had is we 'd add TOO much water because of it ! By following the lines on the pot , the rice comes out PERFECT every time.Clean-up is a snap . The non-stick surface allows for a simple swipe with a dish cloth . The removeable lid is an awesome feature as well.Bite the bullet , buy this model , and you 'll never regret it.Oh , BTW , this makes more than enough rice for a family of 8 !!
 I purchased a Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 -LRB- 5-1/2 cup capacity -RRB- two years ago at a local San Diego Japanese market store -LRB- it was on sale for the same price advertized on Amazon + sale tax -RRB- . I am very pleased with the optiones featured by it and the overall quality of the product . It still works just as well as it did when I bought and recently I decided to buy another on for a secondary residence . For cooking Sushi rice follow the instructions provided to the T and use only short grain premium sushi rice -LRB- it can get a little pricey if you consume it very often -RRB- . I am very pleased with this product .
 For years we relied on an older Sanyo 3 cup cooker and was very happy until the battery went out on it and the pot started pealing . I then purchased this Zojirushi and all I can say is WOW!Where as I could rarely get my son to eat rice , now he is asking me how to operate the cooker himself . The rice comes out so fluffy and well cooked . The cooker is packed with many useful features that save a lot of time such as the timer function -LRB- I use this the most -RRB- . I love setting everything in the evening and waking up to freshly cooked rice in the morning.Also , it 's very attractive and looks good next to our Zojirushi hot water dispenser .
 We received this rice cooker as a gift from my partner 's parents . At first I was skeptical about a rice cooker - we do n't even eat rice ! My mom sent me a book called the Ultimate Rick Cooker Book -LRB- sold on Amazon -RRB- and I learned about all the thing we can do in this rice cooker.Every morning we make hot cereal that cooks on a timer so it is ready when we wake up . The rice cooker 's Keep Warm setting keeps can keep anything warm for up to 12 hours which is great because my partner and I wake up at different times , yet can both enjoy hot cereal in the morning . We have also made white and brown rice , polenta , quinoa -LRB- alone and with additions , such as kale , cherries , mushrooms , etc. -RRB- , and my favorite , risotto . The risotto made in this rice cooker is perfect and you can make it plain or with veggies , meat , and herbs . I have n't tried it yet , but you can also make puddings in this rice cooker!The bowl is VERY easy to clean , we have yet to have a problem with anything we cook . I also love the rice paddle holder on the side of the machine . I know it is a small thing but it really makes a difference.We have cooked grains in the afternoon and had it kept warm for dinner without any loss of flavor or texture . We have also used it to reheat rice and grains , made in the rice cooker or from a restaurant , using the Reheat setting.I ended up buying this as a gift for my mom because she was so jealous and she loves it ! I have a million kitchen appliances and this is the one we use the most , daily , because it is so versatile .
 I would have given this product five stars if the instructions had been clearer . I had to refer to You Tube and Martha Stewart to figure out the clock , timer and how to cook oatmeal . &#34; New crop and old crop rice affects the water measurement . &#34; I 'm still trying to figure that one out . However , on the up side , this rice cooker produces perfect rice and oatmeal . I especially like the convenience of the time delay and 12 hour warming features . The whole family loves this rice cooker .
 Ok I was very hesitant to spend so much money on a rice cooker but my daughter talked me into this item . I am a die hard second hand and discount shopper so we were fortunate to get it at a bit of a discount -LRB- just shop around -RRB- . This thing makes great rice . I even forgot to unplug it one night and the rice was still totally edible the next morning . No burned skin in the bottom of the cooker . The inner &#34; pan &#34; comes out and has markings for ease of making several types of rice . Rice is not the only thing you can make in it . You can also make hot cereal in it -LRB- I have not done it yet but suspect it will turn out great when I do -RRB- . This is a great frequent use kitchen item . I have never really liked my rice cooker -LRB- none of them I have had over the years -RRB- and love this thing !
 We had been using Zojirushi since day one , because it is the most famous brand among rice eating countries . Our first one is a neuro-Fuzzy , meaning it is very forgiving of the amount of water you measure , or the time you soak the rice , it intelligently figure out and give you the best cooked rice . Our 2nd one was a Inverter Heating -LRB- IH -RRB- which just like it said , invert DC to AC with frequency control , but it needs a thicker special type of inner . Now it goit some scratches on the inner , after many years of using . This is our 3rd one , and I uses kitchen paper towel to clean the inner -LRB- never use anything else like sponge to clean , unless you guarantee your sponge is as soft and dirtless as a new paper towel , so there will be no damage to the inner coating -RRB- , and it performs perfect , as far as display-wise , my kids loves it , because now the menu selection is in ENGLISH .
 My wife is from Japan and that is all her family has ever used so we bought the NS-ZCC10 to use in the states . It works excellent and is pretty much impossible to burn the rice like a lot of rice cookers I have seen do . Settings are very easy to use and has good options for changing the rice consistency from firm to softer . We used the porridge setting quite often for making rice for our young daughter and it worked great with one exception . When using a new crop of rice it would consistently boil over out of the vent and leave a puddle all over the counter . Just need to adjust the amount of water for new crops of rice is all.Definitely would recommend this to anyone that eats rice more than once a week . A great buy and zero problems with it .
 I have had one of these cookers for several years and it works well . The only negative comment is that it takes longer to cook rice this way , so one has to be prepared in advance for 11/4 hours instead of 45 minutes on top of the stove for long cook brown rice . The end product is worth the time .
 We have had no problems with this rice cooker so far -LRB- a month along -RRB- , and are using it regularly -LRB- every 1-3 days -RRB- . The rice tastes wonderful , and is consistent texture and stickniness every time . I appreciate the measuring cup and setting for no-wash rice , which is what we typically purchase . It also does a good job of keeping the rice warm , and it is very easy to remove and wash the inner lid along with the rice cooking pot , which is a big improvement on our previous rice cooker . We have cooked takikomi gohan in this rice cooker and it also came out great . The only minor quibble I have with this rice cooker so far is that the buttons are quite hard to press without also moving the whole rice cooker , and the button labels were slightly confusing so I had to read the -LRB- quite well written -RRB- instructions before using it .
 Love everything about this rice cooker . By the way , I get an average of 138g of dry brown rice in the measuring cup . It 's far easier for me to just weigh it out than to try to deal with that measuring cup .
 working perfectly ; the plug does not fit in european connections , so we needed an adapter for 220V to 110V current . Then everything was excellent .
 The rice from this cooker is not like what you will get from a $ 50 cooker . Having spend a lot of time overseas , you will see fuzy logic rice cookers going for well over $ 500 and sometimes more in Japan . The fuzy logic is the only rice cooker to buy right now . IT DOES make a noticable difference.Now whenever we order Chinese takeout , we tell them to keep the rice as we make it ourselfs.It takes about an hour to make rice , but with the timer you just put the rice in sometim that afternoon and it will be ready when needed . Or just let it cook the rice early . It will keep the rice warm for hours if needed.Here is a tip - use Hot water and the cooking times drop dramaticly.I 'm an american from the mid-west - I ca n't tell you how much rice we now eat.Update Dec 2011
 My wife is Japanese . Rice is her life.We just moved back from Japan after a long stint and she wanted to buy and bring a rice cooker over from Japan because of her fear that America would not have a decent cooker.Even after I found this one she was skeptical ... until the first batch of rice ... then she was sold.If you want a rice cooker that cooks rice the way it should be cooked , get this rice cooker .
 I am so happy that I purchased this rice cooker . My previous rice cooker a small 3 cup model made by National . The rice that comes out of my Zojirushi is perfect ! I like especially how the entire bowl of rice is made perfectly , from top to bottom , no hard spots or soggy spots . It was definitely worth the investment to upgrade . I love my Zojirushi !
 The cooker itself - This model of cooker may look complicated but it 's rely not once you know how it works and there is so much that can be done with one of these so be sure to invest in it and the ` ultimate rice cooker cookbook ' . And I want to say right now that the Manuel that comes with the cooker is simple , it includes basic directions and 8 recipes besides basic rice preparation . The Manuel is not a cookbook it 's a Manuel ok.To check out all Zojirushi products and download there manuals or to register you 're cooker visit http://www.zojirushi.com it 's a great site!Cleaning - When the rice cooker runs it leaves water droplets on the detachable lid as well as on the outside lid by the steam vent . That condensed water can cause mold to grow and cover the steam hole . If the steam hole is covered the steam pressure will cause overflow . To keep this from happening take out the inner lid and wipe down the outer lid after every use . The instruction Manuel also states that you should not cover/clog the steam vent -LRB- say perhaps with a towel -RRB- because this can cause overflow , if you mind the directions for proper care stated in the Manuel taking care of you 're rice cooker is simpleOatmeal - It seems many people have tried to make oatmeal in the rice cooker and things have gone wrong so first let me state that you can make oatmeal in this machine just not instant oats . You need stone ground oats ; they are also called pinhead oats , in order to make oatmeal in this cooker because they take longer to cook so they wo n't get mushy . But let me also state that even making stone ground oats in a rice cooker is fairly unnecessary because they cook up over the stove in about 3 or 4 minutes . Another important thing to note is that one should NEVER put milk in a rice cooker ! So if you like you 're oatmeal made with milk you 'll have to make it on the stove top.My review - I have saved almost a year to be able to finally buy this dream of rice lovers everywhere and now IT 'S FINALY MINE ! Thank you God almighty ! ^ - ^ Anyhow as you know it makes perfect rice every time , it 's so easy to use and there 's so much you can do with it ! So bite the bullet and JUST DO IT !! You 'll never regret it ! And now I no longer have to go to my local Chinese place to satisfy my rice craving ! Yeaaaahhooo !! My rice is ready got to go !! ^ o ^ yum ! Oh yeah I 'll be updating my review in about a month to let you all know how things are going !
 I love rice ... especially brown rice . I do n't like brown rice cooked on the stove top so much . . it tends to cook unevenly -LRB- even on a very low simmer burner -RRB- this rice cooker works as promised
 First off , I should qualify myself as someone who is not keen on kitchen `` gadgets '' . I do eat a lot of rice , and liked the idea of being able to cook it without having to watch the pot constantly . This cooker fits the bill to a `` T '' . Fantastic , perfect rice , every time . Also have cooked steel-cut oatmeal on a timed basis - ready to eat when I get up . Everything I asked for and more - this is a great addition to the kitchen . The best kitchen purchase I may have ever made .
 My wife was dubious when I bought this for her a year ago . Since that time , we have used it on average 3 times a week and it has never failed to produce rice better than even our favorite Asian restaurant 's rice . Though it is very expensive , you will get your money 's worth out of it and then some -LRB- we used to have rice maybe 2 times a month before we got this -RRB- . It is very simple to use and the keep warm feature is great too ... we once accidentally left rice in it on keep warm for 3 hours -- it still came out perfect ! I can not recommend this product enough.UPDATE -- 2/7/09This baby 's still going strong 2.5 years later . It 's also the only product that I 've ever bought where the non-stick surface is still just as good after this amount of time . We 've used it at least 2 times a week and HAVE EVEN MADE BREAD IN IT -LRB- search online for rice cooker bread -RRB- ! No problems to date . I pity people who do n't have one of these things ... ; -RRB-
 This is an excellent , high-quality rice cooker -- not at all like the $ 30 ones at your local department store that smell funky and turn the bottom of the rice all crusty ! The Neuro Fuzzy cooks perfect rice every time , and it is VERY simple to use . One or two buttons is all you need to push , and the `` start and completion melody '' is a cute touch . I never ate brown rice until I got this rice cooker , which cooks it to perfection every time and keeps it warm all day.If you eat rice often , or would like too , I would definitely recommend buying this rice cooker . It 's worth every penny !
 It 's really my pleasure to cook with this rice cooker . I always set the cook time as 6:30 AM , the tasty smell just sweetened my dream , I love it.I rank it as the best rice cooker ever in the world , I marketed this product to all my friends , it worth of the money if they knew how beautiful the rice is cooked.I am very critical on food , but this rice cooker just broke me down , I do n't have any negative words on it . O. . . hold on ... there IS ONE - the price.I can use it forever , and will buy a bigger one when I got married.Jessica Liu
 I received an Amazon.com gift certificate for my birthday from my wonderful brother , and decided to put it towards a good rice cooker . I had been using a Panasonic basic rice cooker for many years but since my husband was diagnosed with diabetes and should only eat brown rice , the rice always came out too hard and was overcooked on bottom even when fluffing it after it was finished . This beautiful rice cooker cooks delicious brown rice without soaking it first , perfectly . All I can say is I am absolutely thrilled with it . It is made very well , and totally first class all the way . I do not have it that long so I have not tried various settings , but whatever I have made so far has come out fantastic . All I can say is treat yourself to this wonderful rice cooker and Enjoy !! Bon Appetit !! Irene GrinnellDallas , Texas
 I finally convinced my wife to replace the old but still functional single switch rice cooker I 'd owned for about 10 years . I have longed for something with an off switch so rice does n't burn to the bottom when I forget to unplug it . This guy was the ticket.It seems like a fairly complex machine but its really easy to use once you understand the setup . Its well designed . The pot is easy to clean and the inner lid snaps off for easy cleaning as well.I have to say the rice it produces is some of the best I have had . I did a side by side cookoff with the old and the new rice cookers . The same rice just seemed to have more consistant texture and better strong flavor . Definatley worth the upgrade since we do lots of rice.The one drawback I found is with the somewhat misleading specifications . They say this is a `` 5 cup '' rice cooker . So I 'm thinking 5 cups = 40oz . Plenty big enough for a family of 4 . Well its not quite that much . It seems in Asia -LRB- on the metric system -RRB- their idea of a cup is a teacup . If you look at the picture and see the two little cups next to the machine , it will hold 5 of THOSE cups . Those cups are approximatley 6oz each . So really it is a 4 -LRB- American -RRB- cup rice cooker , not 5 . Of course 3/4 of a cup is about how much rice you 'll eat in a meal so one run of this machine should be able to produce rice for 5 . If you need more that that consider the NS-ZAC18 10 cup -LRB- 8 cup -RRB- model.The trick to the machine is to use the little cups that come with it . You measure out a few `` cups '' of rice and dump it into the pot . Then you add water and fill it up to the graduated mark on the inside of the pot . So if you toss in 2 cups you add water until you hit the 2 cup mark . It has different markings for Brown , White and Sushi rice.Before discovering the proper way of using the smaller `` cups '' I used a regular 8oz cup on some Jasmine rice -LRB- then filled it to the designated level -RRB- . It still came out way better than my rice cooker . It was firm but not hard and full of flavor . So if you screw up or loose your little `` cup '' you can still get great rice as long as the stickness is not absolutely critical to the receipe.The manual makes a huge deal out of its ability to handle some `` no rinse '' rice who 's milling technology was proudly developed in Japan . They devote pages to the setting and cooking it , but actually its pretty similar to the regular rice , you just use the green cup instead of the clear cup.All in all this is a great little machine . If you want the best and are willing to pay the bucks this is the one to get . You will not feel your money is wasted.Update : Its now 6 years later and countless batches of rice and this little thing is still going strong . The pot has a few scratches from years of continous daily use but its holding up.We expanded our use of this little gem . I 've learned not to think of it as just a rice producing device but as a rice cooker + modified crock pot . My wife started using it to produce porriage and then later soup . She 'll pour the ingredients in the night before , set the timer and her breakfast is ready 30 minutes before she wakes up . You can use it for grain soups , porriage , oatmeal and more . We buy packs of Thai flavored rice that say were supposed to cook on the stove . We dump the stuff in and hit go . They come out plenty tastey.There is a quick cooking cycle that we use a lot . Shaves about 20 minutes off the cook time . Flavor suffers a little -LRB- though its still great -RRB- but when your in a rush ... Perhaps the most amazing thing however is what it does to brown rice . As a kid I was never fond of brown rice . Too hard and crunch and I was never that big on bran flavor . We got some brown rice and started cooking it in this thing and it was a whole new world . I do n't know how it did it but it came out soft , a little chewey and decent tasting . Brown rice was now something worth eating vs avoiding.So if for whatever reason you are looking to switch to brown rice but not thrilled with the flavor do yourself a favor and get one of these units . It makes it a whole new experience.We have n't tried steaming anything yet . Maybe when our steamer breaks . .
 This rice cooker makes the best rice we have ever had - at least since our travels to Southeast Asia . And despite the fact that this machine * seems * smarter than it 's user , it is remarkably simple to operate . The instruction book lacks a little bit in terms of recipes and creativity - but it does a good job giving you the basic idea of how to use this machine . This space age looking rice cooker is a little pricey , so it may be overkill for some - but I love all the features this offers and consider it well worth the price -LRB- which is a hundred less than what it is offered for here at Amazon -RRB- . We eat a lot of brown rice , which is not something that other rice cookers handle well . This one has a setting for brown rice , and cooks it to perfection . Also has a setting for semi-brown rice , sushi rice , porridge & more . You get to pick how soft or hard you want the rice to turn out by using the control panel . Being able to set a timer for having rice ready when we get home from work is handy . This thing also cooks complete meals - definitely get a good cookbook for rice cooker cooking :--RRB- We are expirimenting with many varieties of rice that I normally would have shyed away from , since I could not seem to cook even plain old brown rice properly until now.It took me 6 months to decide to buy this thing . We were originally contemplating the MYC10 series , but the specific settings for brown rice became important to us . And this one takes up less space on the countertop than the MYC10 . We will be eating rice nearly every day now thanks to this machine ! I am definitely glad we chose the ZAC10 , and would recommend this product . It 's a keeper!UPDATED JUNE 12 , 2004
 This ZCC-10 just came out in March 2005 and replaces the ZAC-10 . NOTE
 I admit , first off , that I have never used a rice cooker before . However , we wanted one because we love rice and most of the time whe we did it ` by hand ' or ` according to instructions ' it was really delicious or pretty good , and sometimes ` not quite right ' . We 've had this a few months now . Let me tell you this thing makes it ` delicious ' every time . It 's great.We love the rice from it -LRB- we have tried white , mixed , and brown -RRB- . What 's more this makes DELICIOUS oatmeal !!!! We tried the ` instant oats ' in it , and those are way too mushy for our taste -- very creamy . I suppose if you like it like that , it 's OK -- but we do n't . At the same time I bought the cooker , I bought a rice cooker cookbook from Amazon at the same time , and it said for oatmeal to use ` steel cut oats ' -LRB- also called pinhead oats -RRB- in the rice cooker . My goodness !!! What a difference . The steel cut oats have wonderful flavor , and a much firmer , much more delicious texture . We some cinnamon , brown sugar , maybe some dried fruit -LRB- cranberries , raisins , whatever -RRB- , and maybe a touch of ground nutmeg , and WOW ! Wake up in the morning with incredible oatmeal smell in the air - it 's heaven . The porridge setting makes the oatmeal virtually perfect every time -LRB- You MUST read the instruction book first -- it looks complicated but after you actually use the rice maker a couple times it 's really easy !! -RRB- Anyway -- I 've never written a review here before , but after buying this rice cooker I just had to . When I ask my wife `` Want oatmeal in the morning '' ? usually I get the response `` Yummy ! I 'd love it . `` We both love this rice cooker with it 's fuzzy logic that makes porrige and rice taste great . I highly recommend it.To those -LRB- very few -RRB- people that do n't like it I say `` READ THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL BEFORE USING !! '' And to the person that said it 's hard to clean - BS . This thing is so easy to clean . Pop the inner lid out and rinse or wash it , and pop the inner bowl in the dishwasher and you 're ready to go for the next day.I just set the rice cooker for oatmeal at 6:30 tomorrow morning . Know what ? I 'm going to wake up to a delicious , healthful breakfast . My thanks to all the previous reviewers who gave this good reviews.This thing is great .
 I agonized over the decision to buy this rice cooker and did a lot of research . I had a cheap rice cooker that was OK but it was a simple on/off type . I found I was n't using it that much because the brown rice took so long to cook I did not want to wait . Finally decided to do it and I 've been very pleased . I use the porridge cycle a lot for a oatmeal/leftover rice breakfast.Key features : Timer
 My wife said I was crazy to spend so much just to cook rice . That was until she tried the rice ! When she tried the oatmeal , she started telling all of our friends and family about how incredible it is . We 've had this machine for 4 months and use it several times per week for both rice and oatmeal.Rice : It makes the ultimate rice every time . The best feature is that it keeps the rice warm and perfect for up to 8 hours . It does this by having an excellent seal between the lid and the bowl , plus very accurate temperature control . We picked up a 25 lb . bag of Kokuho Rose pre-washed rice at Costco for something like $ 0.50 per lb . My family loves it!Rice Pudding : Italian rice or Arborio rice - We made this over the Christmas holidays . Just follow the recipe on the bag using the white rice cycle . Serve with a little butter , sugar , and cinnamon , it 's heaven.Oatmeal : This is my personal favorite . I always wanted to try Irish oats but was put off by the time consuming process of cooking and stirring . This cooker makes oats effortlessly . -LRB- By the way , from www.foodsubs.com/GrainOats.html , steel-cut oats = Irish oats = Scotch oats = pinhead oats = coarse-cut oats = steel-cut oatmeal = Irish oatmeal = Scotch oatmeal = pinhead oatmeal = coarse-cut oatmeal = porridge oats = porridge oatmeal . These are whole oat grains chopped into small pieces . They 're a little bit chewier than rolled oats , grain aficionados often prefer them for hot oatmeal cereals and muesli . -RRB- To make oatmeal , put the cooker on the porridge cycle . You should only cook 1 to 1.25 cups of Irish oats per batch , more than this -LRB- or less -RRB- have caused my batches to boil , which puts oats in the steam vent . To prevent this , I use the porridge cycle combined with the pre-washed rice setting , this gives the oats a few extra minutes to soak . That seems to minimize the tendency of the oats to boil over . Another option is to let the oats soak overnight , then there 's a lot less `` free '' water to boil over . My last choice for preventing boilover is to stir the mixture halfway through the cycle . Guaranteed to work but I usually forget . When it does boil over , it 's not impossible to clean the oats out of the steam vent . But it is a pain .1 cup of dry oats makes 2 to 3 servings ; add 2 cups +3 oz of water = 19 ozs1 .25 cups of dry oats makes 3 to 4 servings ; add 3 cups of water = 24 ozs.If you do n't get to the porridge as soon as the cycle is complete , it is still great to eat for an hour or so , you 'll just have to mix some milk into the result . Add pure maple syrup for a taste that is pure luxury.We get steel-cut oats in a 70 oz . can from store.honeyvillegrain.com . Six cans cost $ 34.50 delivered . The cans are hermetically sealed and advertised to last for years , but we 're already into the third can.Build quality on this machine is number 1 . The bowl is the best too , rice almost never sticks to it . If it does , just soak it in warm water for a while and it will dissolve . Oatmeal literally falls out of the bowl after it cools off .
 Just received my Jo Rice Cooker & it is as `` advertised '' -- i.e. , works very well . However , I was disappointed to read that the lithium battery will have to be replaced in 4 to 5 years by a service center . There are none here in CT ; so that means I will not only have to pay for the service work plus the battery , but also the shipping & insurance as well ; which will bring the total out of pocket expense close to $ 40 or $ 50 . Why could n't Zojirushi just simply have a little tab where you open it up & install a new battery such as my computer does or any other clock or appliance ? Bob in CT
 I do n't usually write reviews ... but this machine is so amazing , that I want to share this purchase decision with others . Yes it sure seems an expensive way to make rice ... but it sure is worth it ! Once you have purchased this unit , you will wonder why you put it off for so long . Like everyone else writing here , you will be amazed at how much more rice you will eat , because it just tastes that much better . And why buy this uber expensive machine in particular ? Well , unlike some friends who have bought lesser machines , I have no buyer 's remorse . What is the difference ? Other machines may put a way less than perfect ` crust ' on the bottom of your rice -LRB- true for cheap on/off Hitatchi and an expensive Sanyo -RRB- . Other machines may be too small -- this is the smallest I would recommend , if you are EVER going to cook rice for more than two -LRB- true for the `` 3 cup '' Zojirushi -RRB- . No other machine seems to cook Sushi rice to such perfection . And a word on the interface . I am not sure what people mean by this is complicated to use , the interface is far easier to use than a DVD player remote control ! It could n't be easier to make perfect rice , of any kind . Three of the most unexpected pleasures
 I bought this rice cooker one year ago and use it at least 4 times each week . I am totally satisfied . In fact , I recently bought this same rice cooker for each of my two sons . We cook a variety of different rices -- brown , wild , jasmine , sushi , sweet -- and also quinoa . We have never been disappointed . It does take longer to cook the brown rices and quinoa in the rice cooker than on the stove but the results are far superior and the clean up is way easier . I had a couple of cheap rice cookers in the past and ended up throwing them out -- there really is no comparison with this Zojirushi .
 This rice cooker is very easy to use . I can eat fresh cooked porridge every morning now !
 Somebody may think this one is more expensive than those you can find in in supermarkets but it does do a better job .
 This is an excellent rice cooker . It is very easy to use and clean up is simple since the inner lid is removable and the cooking pot is Teflon inside and out . The standard cook time is longer than some basic models that I have purchased from department stores , but the quality of the cooked rice is worth the wait . However , even the best rice cooker ca n't do much if you use low quality rice . I suggest Kagayaki brand .
 It is really a great rice cook . It cooks all kinds of rice perfectly . Also I love the setting time function very much . I can have a warm , good smell rice when I come back from work . The size is good for me too .
 Once of the best appliances we have ever owned . The rice comes out perfect every time !
 This rice cooker replaced a much larger rice cooker that we did not use . Fuzzy logic cooking cycle does a perfect job every time on small quantities -LRB- 1-2 -RRB- cups of rice . The rice is much more tender and flavorful than pan cooked rice . I highly recommend it !
 This rice cooker cooks perfect , every time ! I 'm only just beginning to experiment in the kitchen - but you 'd never know it from tasting my rice ! This machine has a tiny footprint on my countertop , it cleans up easily and scores me points every time I use it !
 We received our rice cooker which we purchased from Amazon.com , about 3 or 4 weeks ago and we love it . It does everything but talk to you -LRB- actually it does , but quietly -RRB- . It lets you know what is happening and when the food will be ready . It even plays a song -LRB- if you wish -RRB- when the rice or other selection of foods you can pick from , is ready . We love it and are having fun with it . Thanks for carrying it and at such a good price . Virginia LiCalsi-Cohen
 Perfect rice , every time.Just like other reviewers below , I am now branching out into other varieties of rice because I know that they will come out just right . The timer function is wonderful . If you also have a crockpot , you can have a hot meal with rice ready to eat right as you come home . Delicious .
 It does a good job as a rice cooker except it takes a bit long to get the rice cooked .
 At first , I balked at spending this much on a rice cooker but my Japanese friend insisted that to buy anything less would be a travesty . When I say that it makes perfect rice , I mean PERFECT and with a model name of &#34; Neuro Fuzzy &#34; it is also a nice looking conversation piece . Love it !
 After reading other reviews I decided on this model versus the lower end Zojirushi and the upper induction rice cookers and pressure cookers . The Neuro fuzzy had a good balance in positive reviews compared to the higher end models where people questioned the price to the overall lifespan of the rice cooker.So far the rice cooker has been excellent in getting the rice to whatever texture you select in the menu . I have only been using soft sponges and the included plastic rice scooper in the non-stick pan to avoid scraping the teflon coating since that is what past reviewers says fails first .
 I just started to use it about for a couple of weeks and find it very convenient , especially for me a very busy , full time working mom with kid . Setting up time and go , when back , you have the warm rice ready . I have n't use this kind of product before , so I ca n't compare this one with others . What I am worried about is the damage of the inner bowl and the built-in battery . Where to find the services is a question for the future . One thing I want to mention here is the user instruction , it is not easy to follow . Two weeks ago I remembered I set time and left for work , when I am back with take-out dishes , the rice was not cooked , we almost missed the concert .
 This rice cooker is very easy to use . Sometimes these neuro fuzzy rice cookers can be a little confusing to operate , but with this one , you just need to prepare the rice , select what kind of rice you are cooking and just let it do the work ! I 've had this for over a year and a half and have had no problems . Do plan ahead when you 're cooking brown rice though which is what I use this for the most . It takes longer than you would expect , but the rice does come out very soft for brown rice rather than hard like some other rice cookers . The bowl comes out easily and is a nice non-stick one . Also no noise either while it cooks too !
 I still thought that I would regret making this purchase but everyday I am so grateful I bit the bullet and bought this rice maker . I eat about two cups of rice daily so it is very important that I have rice that I will enjoy . Every pot of rice I prepare comes out perfect ! Its easy to use produces a delicious product and has settings to fit your lifestyle and needs . A + rating . I love this thing !
 I use this every day for many years . Recently order inside pot.I also keep 10 cup version at my vacation home .
 We were pleased with the ease of operation , the ease of clean-up , and most importantly the quality of the rice
 I purchased this over a year ago and it still going strong . The directions are easy to follow , but i only use it to make white rice . Kinda over kill for my but the quality for Zojirushi will last a long time .
 I 've had this product for about 5 years . It makes perfect rice and keeps it warm for 6 hours or more . The best and most frequent use i put it to is oatmeal . I use it 4-5 mornings a week for my steel cut oatmeal . When i wake up , i place my oatmeal in it . -LRB- 4:1 , four parts liquid to 1 part steel cut oatmeal . -RRB- Go exercise and when i return , it 's perfect !!! I love this machine . About 2 years ago , the machine was placed too close the stove while the stove top was on . Part of the exterior plastic melted , but it still works like nothing happened to it . It 's a real workhorse . I love my morning oatmeal and highly recommend this product . If it ever fails -LRB- it shows no sign of -RRB- , I 'd buy it again .
 I am not a huge rice eater but when I did have recipes that called for it , I used my cheap rice cooker and would hate the mess it made . I went to a friend 's house and got to see the Neuro Fuzzy in action . I was immediately sold . The price was more than I expected but for a rice cooker that will last you for years with no mess and perfectly cooked rice ... it is worth the money.It has lines inside for sweet rice , semi brown rice , brown rice and of course , white rice . It also has a button for pre-washed rice . When you start the rice , it plays a little tune and then plays another when the rice is done . It has a button to use if you will be keeping your rice for more than a day . It keeps it pretty moist and does n't burn the bottom even after 24 hours . My old rice cooker burned the bottom the first time it cooked ! Bottom line is this is really worth the money !
 Bought this as a gift for my brother . He absolutely loves it . Perfect rice every time . Cleaning is a breeze also . Best on market for price . Glad I purchased .
 I have used rice cookers for years , but they have always been the one-time and done type of cooker . And , as a result , I would freeze the rice and reheat it over and over to try and save it . This cooker cooked 3 cups of jasmine rice to fluffy perfection , and , just to test it , kept it that way for 4 days ! The myriad of options and alarm , timer , and other settings can be a bit daunting at first , but it was well worth the initial frustrations .
 Total upgrade ! Followed the basic instructions on cooking and viola ! delicious rice . I can definitely tell the difference between the zojirushi and tiger . I use to notice the difference between the rice at my house and at asian restaurants and I would comment that I liked their rice . I assumed it was the grain and cooking method but this afternoon I came to realize it was the rice cooker that made all the difference . Great buy ! Looking forward to trying out the brown rice tomorrow night .
 Makes super delicious rice , and plays cool music . Might be fancier than I need but I enjoy the luxury . I wish I knew how to see a countdown from the beginning of time remaining not just the last few minutes .
 We bought this rise cooker to replace our old one and were a bit disappointed . First of all this devise takes much more time to cook and there are too many settings for us , you have to know the exact kind of rice you got in order to make it perfect . But when you do know it makes the best rice !
 Got this rice cooker to replace my old one of the same brand . It works just as well and cooks up very tasty rice with good texture . It is easy to use , the setting control is very intuitive . I 'm very happy with the purchase and will stick to this brand should the need to buy another one ever arises . Totally worth the cost .
 My hubby and I must eat rice at least four times a week and have settled with lack lustre rice with our former machine :-LRB- No more , our Zojirushi is fantastic !!!!! Perfect rice everytime and a huge bonus is how user friendly this machine is , not to mention the music it plays when starting and finishing . Love this machine : -RRB-
 As of October 23 2010 the following Zojirushi models are not aluminum , , they are made in Japan.All the IH models NP-HBC , HTC NP-KAC NP-GBC05 they are the most expensive , , yes . In the next group that has neuro Fuzzy logic and realisticly priced , they are NS-ZCC which is both 5 and 10 cups , thats correct , and NS DAC10 a 5.5 cup model , both are priced under $ 200 both have high ratings.I initially bought the top rated Sanyo , but -- thats made in China , over time according to ratings does have its problems.One person who is experienced , rated the Zojirushi line as good initially but over time also has its share of problems . . we need more feedback from buyers who have products they have owned over 2 + years please . Most products perform well the first year.After that batteries , vents , electronics , and Teflan peeling off seem to be of concern . People who have owned and have experience with Customer Services of the Brands are needed to give us ratings of what they have experienced , , please . Thanks
 fantastic rice and oatmeal . the only problem i 've encountered is that there is no `` steamer tray '' - i mention because `` the ultimate rice cooker cookbook '' has recipes that use a steamer tray - whatever . i was n't planning on that to begin with but might be helpful if available in a fancier zojirushi . the other consideration is capacity . it 's ok for me because there are just two of us , but this size could be wrong for you if you have kids and want leftovers . -LRB- i get sick of the same meal after two days and that 's usually all i get in terms of leftovers - perfect ! -RRB- this machine is worth it 's weight in gold for oatmeal alone . incredibly easy to use and to clean . i 'm reviewing because other reviewers helped me make my decision and now it 's my turn .
 I grew up with a rice cooker and when I got married and was on my own I could n't take my parents ' rice cooker with me so I had to buy my own . I found this one and it had the best options for cooking , etc. . I was so exciting to get it in the mail that I instantly made rice for dinner that night . It creates delicious rice and it 's so easy to use ! It also keeps the rice warm for several days without making it dry ; it 's great to have around for an instant meal!This rice cooker is great and I would recommend it to anyone I know !
 If you 're only making rice to put into a casserole or bury under some canned topping , this unit will be overkill . OTOH , if you stock four or more different types of rice in your cupboard and/or want your rice done just perfectly , this is probably the unit for you . One caveat is that this unit is SLOW . You 'll get that perfect cup -LRB- note , their `` cups '' are really about 6oz , not a full 8oz -RRB- of rice , but it may take an hour . Using the timer , planning ahead - no problem . Last minute meal that you want done in 25 minutes - not so good.The only other major issue seems to be the -LRB- soldered in -RRB- battery . I have read threads that recommend always leaving the unit plugged in , ostensibly to reduce the battery charge/discharge and hopefully extend the battery life . I 'm only a year in on the unit , but will report back in a few years if this strategy helps/hurts . Otherwise , the units works just great and truly makes perfect rice -LRB- great steel cut oats as well -RRB- .
 I bought this item a few years ago to replace another model of Zojirushi rice cooker . But at first , I could n't figure out how to cook oats properly with it . There were too much water spilled at the foundation of the cooker . I used the option for `` porridge '' . If I used much less water , it did n't spill , but the porridge was so thick that I have to add water to cook it on the oven after it was done.The manual is n't helpful to solve this problem . A couple of weeks ago , it suddenly came to my mind that maybe I should try `` pre-washed '' and porridge setting to cook the oats . Maybe it means lower power , so no spill . Yep , it worked!I 've been happy with different type of rice cooked by this cooker.I would give it a 5 star , if the manual were more helpful to remind me to try `` pre-washed '' setting to avoid water spill .
 I 've had this cooker for several years now . I still love it . I cook a large bag of brown rice , freeze it and just reheat when I need it . The rice is perfect every time and clean-up is a breeze . If you like rice , you 'll love this cooker . Warning , did try a cereal in it and it did boil over so I just use the stovetop .
 Excellent rice cooker . Superb performance for over 5 years . Rice is a staple in our household so we are use this rice cooker 4 ~ 5 times per week . The results are dependable . The profile takes up little counter space - yet it is an attractive counter appliance .
 I can make Risotto from scratch that is delicious . For some reason I have trouble making plain white rice . This amazing machine has solved my lack of skill . It makes perfect rice and keeps it warm . It tastes great reheated the next day and the day after that . This rice cooker is easy to use -- in fact , foolproof ! And , it is easy to clean . Thank you , Zojirushi for delicious rice.Before I purchased this machine I looked at every brand , read the reviews , printed out the information and began deleting until I ended up with this unit . It made sense to buy a great rice cooker and have it for years rather than buy a cheap one and have to replace it and/or not be satisfied with the choice . I feel that this one is definitely worth the price . In addition , I checked prices before purchasing this unit and Amazon.com had the best price.I totally love my Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy Rice Cooker !
 I was hesitant about purchasing a rice cooker due to their price . After reading several reviews I would come back to this one . Now that I purchased it , `` I love it ! '' It is easy to take anywhere you go , it is convienent to place on a timer and have it ready when you need it , and I would n't be without it now . I put it on a timer when I leave the office and when I come back in the morning my porridge is ready . I put it on a timer for lunch and find my rice ready again . I 've made white and wild mixed rice and both came out perfect . If you like rice and are a busy person who has little time to cook , this is Great ! The little spoon holder I thought was a joke , but actually I 've used it several times and it comes in handy . The features look complicated , but could n't be any easier ! I 'm glad I purchased this rice cooker and plan to purchase two more for my kids .
 The texture and taste of the rice cooked in this cooker is superior comparing with those cooked with the usual cheap ones . It 's especially good on cooking brown rice . Only 4 stars because it takes longer than the traditional rice cooker -LRB- almost 2 hours for brown rice -RRB- . Though there 's a quick cooking option , its result is not as good as the longer hours option . Overall - very satisfied .
 Makes fablous rice every time . We prepare brown rice most of the time -- this does it perfect . Highly recommended ...
 This little cooker is the perfect cooking-for-two size . I have had it for several weeks now and have found it to be reliable in producing excellent rice . Am just starting to experiment with using broth , dried mushrooms , etc. . My husband 's only complaint is that it DOES N'T burn the rice on the bottom like our old -LRB- extremely cheap -RRB- cooker - he reallly liked that burned part apparently!This is an expensive cooker but I like it . It seems very well made . The pan is as non-stick as I have ever seen.I like the little song that it plays when you press the `` cook '' button too !
 I was poking around looking for a rice cooker for my daughters birthday , and lo and behold , I looked up at the top of the page and it said I bought this in October of 2003 . This is the same one I 've used almost daily for the last 8 + years and I can tell you it 's one of the best purchases I 've ever made.I 've been through 2 inner pans -LRB- the nonstick coating wears off , but those and all other parts are still available -RRB- and progressed from simple white rice cooking to now making most of my main meals in it with many ingredients.I 've got hundreds of recipes to make rice , pasta , polenta , oatmeal , quinoa , barley , beans , bulgur , or anything that cooks with water and heat , and most all are place ingredients inside , and press cook.A wonderfully reliable little machine that may cost a little more initially , but more than pays for itself in versatility , reliability , and simple no nonsense ease of use .
 This truly is an amazing device . I have never tried a rice cooker before , let alone a neruo fuzzy one , but this little unit never fails to impress me . The rice it makes is superb . It does n't matter if you are making sticky rice , sweet rice , brown rice , or oatmeal ... the result is always flawless . What I really like is the timer feature which allows me to set it to auto start in the morning -LRB- along with my coffee pot -RRB- so my oatmeal is ready to go . I used to make my steel cut oatmeal on the stove which would take +30 minutes and it never was really good . The oats did not expand well . However , with this unit you get the `` hotel '' quality oatmeal which tastes like it soaked overnight -LRB- I ca n't believe I just praised hotel oatmeal -RRB- . Also , it is great if you want to lose weight . Get a can of black beans , some diced tomatoes , chicken broth , corn and throw it all in with some rice . Set the cycle and it will automatically beep when it is done . For under three bucks you have lunch for three days which is healthy , low in fat , high in nutrition , and the pounds will come off.The only caution , and it is not a design defect , is that you ca n't use anything sharp to clean the removable top/liner . It must be cleaned each cycle and is a very quick process unless you let something like oatmeal sit for an hour . That can cause it to bake on it is a real pain to remove . I used a butter knife to remove some crud and just a light touch scratched it . I think it will be okay but just be warned that it scratches easy . No knives !
 This rice cooker is wonderful ! I never enjoyed brown rice until , I prepared it in the Zojirushi , it comes out perfectly every time !
 Okay - I know the price is high and that 's why it took me months to order this rice maker . I have now been using it for about a year and it is one of the best purchases I ever made - worth every penny ! It has perfectly cooked everything I have tried -LRB- my fav = sticky rice -RRB- , long grain , short grain , brown , white , sweet , even oatmeal . I use it several times a week and have never had a problem . It still looks and works like the day I bought it . It plays charming little songs to signal the start and end of the program and keeps the rice hot and moist for hours . One tip - do n't place the top plate in the dishwasher . I ignored the instructions and put it is the dishwasher - it still works , but it is discolored .
 We have owned 3 rice cookers now , two with one button and now this one and hands down , this is the best one I have ever had . I used to consistently make `` ok '' rice with our old one , this one is perfect every time - even when you accidentally use the wrong setting!A few notes : -LRB- 1 -RRB- as several others have mentioned , the measure is a Japanese cup of about 6oz . My husband and I eat about that much between us , so it works great for us . That means this rice cooker feeds about 6 , maybe 8 depending on the group . -LRB- 2 -RRB- It has settings for various hardnesses and types of rice . This is great if you always make the same kind , but it does not reset to the first kind when you are done -LRB- so if you make white , then brown , then white again , you have to remember to change it -RRB- . -LRB- 2a -RRB- Along the same lines , it does an amazing job with brown rice . I used to use an Alton Brown recipe for brown rice in the oven , but in the summer , I really do n't want to run the oven to make 2c . brown rice . -LRB- 3 -RRB- It comes with really detailed instructions for the rice , but really , just make sure you use the cups it came with , rinse your rice , and then fill to the designated line . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The Zojirushi does take a bit longer than our old ones - maybe 45-50 minutes to do 2 scoops of cal-rose instead of about 25 , but it is well worth it . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The rice scoop that comes with it somehow manages to keep the rice from sticking to it . Clean up is also a snap since the bowl is non-stick and the inner lid detaches easily for washing . -LRB- 6 -RRB- It supposedly does porridge!I highly recommend this one -LRB- although if you live in the Chicago area , Mitsuwa had them on sale for ~ $ 145 a while back -RRB- .
 I was sick of my old 8-cup rice cooker that burned the rice on the bottom/sides , and that I had to cook an extra cup or so to get un-burned rice . My main goal was to not get burned rice , to get a smaller cooker , and to have it keep my rice longer.Well , this cooker not only does n't burn my rice or ruin it over time , but it also makes the best rice that I 've eaten outside of a Japanese restaurant in Japan .1 . figure out that short-grain rice is the best rice ever2 . Watch a youtube video on how to properly wash the rice3 . put it in your zojirushi rice cooker4 . eat the best white rice you 've ever had -LRB- please do n't tell me if you put soy sauce on your rice -RRB- 5 . profitUpdate
 Amazing how this could make life simpler and is such a pleasure to use . I used to cook rice in a pressure cooker but I had to watch it the whole time . With this , I can set it in the morning and , with the timer function , have rice ready for lunch or dinner.Be aware - when they say ` cup ' they mean the Japanese cup size which is 6 oz . not the 8 oz . U.S. cup size.I 've been to Japan . I saw this brand in use everywhere . Well made , easy to use .
 Easy to use - rice stays warm without drying out or sticking ... very satisfied ! Much better than the previous brands I have owned .
 Finally decided to get this Rice cooker ! I love the fuzzy rice it cooks though this rice cooker is pricy .
 I do n't know why I waited so long to purchase . It 's got a big manual that can mostly be ignored . I 've used it for oatmeal , white rice , stickier sushi rice , brown rice , basmati , jasmine , and more . It 's probably a little big for our household , but it keeps the rice warm and ready for leftovers quickly.Even the dogs like it . When they run out of dog food , they have rice ready which I scoop into bowls and top with a little chicken , sweet potato , or whatever is handy . They always eat around the toppings to quickly gobble up that rice first.I dislike nonstick coatings and the care required around them . That 's the only negative for me .
 Cooking and entertaining is my hobby and the Zojirushi rice cooker has removed concern for preparing rice . I enjoy preparing Asian dishes and it was great having some of my Asian guests specifically comment on the rice . I 've also used it for other grains and it cooks oatmeal to perfection . Excellent addition to any serious cook 's &#34; toolbox . &#34; .
 I 've had dozens of rice cookers over the years , I only wish I had gotten this one sooner . So nice not to have to throw away rice when it 's only a few hours old . Well worth the price !
 Excellent rice cooker , and it 's the perfect size for our family of four . Price is high but our family eats rice frequently so it was worth it in my opinion.The keep warm feature is great and you do n't get that burnt crust on the bottom of the rice.Haven ' t yet tied it for oatmeal or quinoa but that 's next and I look forward to -LRB- hopefully -RRB- great results .
 This cooker produces superior rice , any variety of brown or white . Functions exactly as advertised at a good price . Good value .
 Great product ! I already have the 3 cup version and decided to upgrade to the 5.5 when I had 7 people coming for the Thanksgiving weekend . It was a hit ! It made my crock pot stews go so much further , and the oatmeal made a great healthy addition to my continental breakfast . The warming feature kept the oatmeal and rice warm for hours , just as promised . So simple to use ... measure , rinse the rice , and set the time . Love it !
 No matter type of rice - wild , sushi or everyday , this machine steps up and works perfectly EVERYTIME . Never a burnt kernel . LOVE IT!We 've owned this for about 4 years and made 100 's of batches of rice . The keep warm is fabulous - never sticks , never burns and always warm . Please last forever , or make sure we can buy another when we wear it out .
 When it comes to rice cookers , Zojirushi was always a brand I trusted given past experience . This one has not disappointed . I use it exclusuvely for cooking jasmine white rice and it does that great ! I used to use the `` hand in water '' measuring technique to cook rice , but with this rice cooker and with rice dispenser I just use the lines for white rice in the side of the pot . Even if I 'm a little off on the measurement for rice or water , this rice cooker consistently makes good rice . It also keeps it warm and edible for a good day or two before I have to make fried rice or dump it . I would say it keeps rice good as is for a day , and still usable for fried rice on the second or third day . It starts turning a little off colored and mushy after that ... the coating is still good to go on the pot , but I only rinse it out with water to get rid of any remnants after cooking . The top of the cooker is easily removable and cleaned as well . Overall I would absolutely recommend this again and I would buy it again in a heartbeat . Despite it being a little pricier I think my past experiences and peace of mind are worth the extra bucks .
 This rice cooker is just as easy to use as the old-school one button pots , with one key advantage - it 's idiot proof . I can never remember how much water to put in for different types of rice -LRB- basmati vs jasmine vs short grain ?? -RRB- so the Zojirushi takes the guesswork out of the process . I do n't know how it works , but I ca n't get consistent results with different types of rice without it -LRB- not being a rice ninja -RRB- .
 We eat a lot of rice and have gone through a lot of rice cookers , this is by far the best.it cooks perfect rice everytime and we really like the built in timer , cost a little morebut well worth it .
 Previously , I had an Aroma cooker that never cooked Jasmine rice right . It always stuck together and was gummy . And if you did n't unplug immediately after the rice was done the bottom would burn . Forget about brown rice - never could get that right . Purchased this rice cooker a little over a week ago . Opened the box and was very pleased with the obvious quality of the cooker . The next morning I decided to cook some oatmeal in it . Added rolled oats , water , little salt and butter and turned it on and let it cook while I went out for my morning walk . After my shower opened rice cooker - oatmeal was hot and perfectly cooked . And clean up was a breeze . The leftover oatmeal slide out of the bowl . The next night I cooked Jasmine rice in it . It was cooked perfectly . I am going to try to make rice pudding in it tonight . Things I love about this cooker are its size , quality , non-stick bowl and rice paddle and how easy it is to use . Makes plenty of rice , even for a family . Amazon has the best price I could find . I also purchased a rice cooker cookbook with it and am very pleased with it .
 Great addition to the home ! We cook rice almost daily and it is as simple as it gets and perfect everytime . Has a retractable cord and a convenient handle to easily move wherever . Easy to clean . This item is worth every penny .
 The 5.5-cup Zojirushi Neuro Fuzzy rice cooker lives up to my high expectations . It is extremely easy to use and makes fantastic rice . Our Asian cooking has really been taken up a notch . I do wish there was a measurement to make only a half a cup of rice for one person , but you can use the conversion chart to figure it out . Other than that , this is a fantastic investment .
 I have owned one of these rice cookers for a number of years , and decided to give a couple of them for gifts . They are an excellent unit.I was very happy with the service from Amazon .
 I do n't know how I cooked rice for 30 years before discovering the Zojirushi Fuzzy Logic Rice Cooker . Granted , I burned some rice in that time.Never more ! Quoth the Raven!The Zojirushi is the perfect appliance for my kitchen . Cool looking but out of the way , it does its job quietly and efficiently . I just measure the rice , add water to the mark and press the pink button . The rest is automatic . Brown rice ? No problem . Press the button.I have never had a bad , undercooked , overcooked batch of rice with the Zojirushi . Simply it 's the best appliance I own . Press and forget . What more could you ask for in a rice cooker ?
 It is the right size for a small family up to 5 adults . It also pays enough attention to the details .
 I wanted to submit my review here based on the older model that I had purchased.The perfect rice cooker
 This is not a good value for money product , however it is an excellent product.wish it could have been a little less expensive.Does it make rice better than everyone else . Yes . is the price for the better quality of rice justified . No.We cook a very good variety of Basmati Rice . We use 2 and half times water , and the soft and regular settings cooks the rice very good . The hard setting is used when we make fried rice after the rice is cooked.Have also thrown vegetables and spices with the rice and it cooks them well ...
 Easy to clean and easy to use ... Makes the best rice and even tried porradge
 I ordered the rice maker with hesitation due to the price . But that was gently swayed when my husband decided to buy it . I ordered it to ship for 5-9 days , but with my luck i received in TWO DAYS ! We waited for the UPS guy to drop it off , and as soon as he did we broke it out and read the instructions while getting ready to make Paella -LRB- which is one of the settings -RRB- . I have eaten a lot of rice in my days -LRB- vegetarian -RRB- and i must tell you ... probably not even making the rice correctly on the first time , it was the best rice i have ever eaten . It was light and fluffy . And the bonus it has fuzzy logic system and the machine on start/finished sand `` twinkle twinkle little star and Mary had a little lamb `` It is a wonderful machine and i will continue using it till it refuses to work for me ! You can even cook beans and oats in the machine -LRB- i recommend the cook book `` The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook
 it 's been like a miracle to have this rice cooker . Everytime we eat , it was fantastic . . the other night we had some guests and they completed on how good of rice we have . Lucky to have bought this ...
 Very easy to use . Excellent !!! It cooks rice 10times better then our old rice cooker .
 If one buys pricey Japanese rice , she must have a good rice cooker and this is the one for me ! Rice is always cooked shiny , plump , and slightly sticky
 I purchased the cooker as a resource for this month 's cooking class menu . Cooker lived up to expectations , however , next time I would order the 10 cup version .
 Just brought it today , not from Amazon , but from Chinatown in NYC . No shipping charge and price is less expensive . My wife used it with Japanese rice today , it was wonderful.One advice
 This is the 6th rice cooker I bought for myself , families and friends . My mom uses this rice cooker every day to cook brown rice and porridge . She has been telling all her friends about it . I know about 10 people who owns this rice cooker and they only have good things to say . It can cook brown rice quickly with no mess . The rice always come out perfect . You can not go wrong with this purchase .
 You get what you pay for!Avoid the `` gimmick '' and name brand rice cookers at all costs.The long reviews on this product are well written and good insight . Stick with this brand .
 So this is a great brand and a great rice cooker , as all the reviews here pretty much say . Couple of observations on this one . It is basically a rice cooker . Other brands , you may be able to find one that also does timed cooking which you can utilize to make a soup -LRB- esp brothy soups -RRB- , or some come with steamer baskets inside . The timer in this cooker is so that you can tell it to start cooking rice at 4PM . If you are close to a 99 Ranch or other asian super market , it may be worth checking out , though , because after browsing on amazon for rice cookers , I found this exact one selling for $ 135 -LRB- reg price $ 155 -RRB- . You can buy spare parts on the elephant website :[ ... -RSB- The 5.5 cup one may be a bit big for a single person , but it is perfect for soups . I think on this one you can use the `` porridge '' and other settings creatively if you want to cook soup . Also if anyone cares , the 5.5 cup cooker is also made in japan however the 3 cup cooker for some reason is made in China .
 I have tried several less expense cookers and there is no comparison . This product produces rice the way I remember it on my many trip to Japan . The product appears to be very well constructed and simple to use.So far it has been worth the extra money . My only complaint is that the bell sound be a bit louder.Note
 I am so happy I finnaly bought this rice cooker . It makes perfect rice , easy to clean up , it 's compact , smart design.Update
 i love this rice cooker . 5.5 cups is large enough for when i have 10 people over . most people do n't only eat rice so there is more than enough to go around . usually i only cook 2 cups rice everynight . the pot is a good size to handle . love the side handles so i dont get burned on the pot !
 After eating rice in Japan from their smart rice cookers many times for many years , we finally took the plunge and bought this . Simply put , it works . The directions are simple and it cooks rice to perfection . Without question it equals the best we 've eaten in Japan.I expected it to put out great white rice , which it did . But my biggest hope was for brown rice . We 've tried to cook brown rice so many times and then we take a few bites and throw it out . With this machine , sure it took a while to cook , but it worked . We actually liked it . It was n't just OK , we actually liked it . I even willingly ate some as leftovers tonight . I 'd still never eat brown rice in a traditional Chinese stir fry , but thinking of it as a different food it now is going to be part of our life.Some reviewers have been frustrated by the small cup size , `` Is it really a five cup cooker ? '' Well , yes it is , but it 's five standard Japanese cups which are about 3/4 the size of ours . It makes enough rice for four adults . But if you often need more than that , then buy the next one up -- same model in 1.8 L capacity.The timer is outstanding . If you want to eat at 6:30 , set it for 18:30 and it will be ready . I 'm already looking forward to the next time we get to make rice.Cleanup was simple . Love the retractable cord too . It 's light and easily fits in a fairly small space in the cupboard.We smile each time the little melodies play , because that is so Japan .
 This is the perfect size rice cooker for 2 people . I 'm really impressed that whether I 'm making 2 cups or 5 cups , the end result is always consistently perfect . I 've only made short grain white rice , but there 's always the right amount of moisture in the cooked rice.The included measuring cup uses Japanese sized `` cups '' rather than American sized `` cups '' - I did n't even realize there were two different systems until recently . In the event the cups break or go missing , a good way to eyeball it is to dip your hand into the rice with enough water to cover the middle major knuckle -LRB- halfway up the hand -RRB- . My favorite accessory is actually the scoop holder , a two-cent afterthought that most other rice cookers do n't have . It 's so nice not to have to have a separate bowl to hold the scoop or grab a burning hot scoop that 's been left in the cooker.It does take a long time to make the rice , and the steaming process does n't even get going until more than 15 minutes after the button is pressed , but it 's the price I 'm willing to pay for guaranteed perfect rice every time.We 've used it every few days for a year now with no issues . Some people have reported that the display died presumably due to battery failure , so we just keep it plugged in at all times to be safe .
 Disclaimer , I am a Japanese , I have eaten rice since I was a baby ; therefore , I can tell you if the rice is really authentic or not . No matter what a great Japanese sushi joint is , if the rice is n't perfected , it ruins the sushi . So I really wanted to buy a superb rice cooker -LRB- without super price -RRB- and I can sincerely say `` This Is It ! `` Compared to the old rice cooker we have been using , the difference is noticeable . Each rice grain looks standing up and it looks beautiful -LRB- and tasty -RRB- . I only tried regular/sushi but when I made sushi using the mode , it came out great too . I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 SO we had one of those cheat $ 30 dollar rice makers which would always give you crispy rice on the edges.The rice was edible but then it was just a vehicle for whatever you were topping it with.After about three years of use , it broke so I decided to upgrade to a high grade rice maker . -LRB- Not that I was going to pay $ 750 for he Top of the Line -RRB- . Results ? Rice is wonderful . It can stand on its own.Manual could definitely be better but you can figure it out.Have not yet tried mix grain only Calrose rice.Just buy it .
 Received my new rice cooker with great expectations after reading too many reviews and doing too much research . I decided to do this after hearing my wife complain again that she can never get rice to turn out right on the stove.I 'm a practical shopper , so I first looked at basic cookers , then got into the fuzzy logic ones . I decided on the Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 51/2 cup because it had all the advantages of making perfect rice and if it did , which it does , would be a good buy with no regrets . There are more expensive ones that have induction heat , but my real goal was just to have great rice.If I had to do it all over again , I may look more closely at the Tiger sold at Costco for less money , however I 'm really happy with what I got.So far I 've made 3 batches of white rice , one of brown , and one batch of oatmeal . Everything came out perfect . I really like the keep warm feature , you can go for several hours . The lid pops open when you push the button and has a nice seal that keeps the moisture in . The retractable cord seems overkill for a tabletop appliance , but it is convenient , you can retract the cord and take it to the table if you want . Cleans up easy , nice non-stick surface on the bowl and the lid has an insert that comes apart easily.The directions explain about rice type and the different settings available . To an amature rice consumer , it 's pretty confusing , but it comes down to just using 1 of the two measuring cups provided , filling to the correct line with water , then selecting a program.It makes plenty of rice for our family of 4 with leftovers .
 Very nice cooker to cook brown rice . However is switiching to brown rice , I strongly recomend this product.The only set back is it almost takes close to 2 hrs to complete the cycle .
 I had been looking for a good `` brown '' rice cooker for a long time . This one is IT . The rice is soft and moist and delicious ! Others say they do brown rice , but it usually comes out a little dry and crunchy , this one cooks it just right . Brown rice fanatics this is the cooker for you .
 Truly an excellent rice cooker . It makes perfect rice every time . So far I made jasmine , short grain Japanese rice , brown rice & steel cut oatmeal . They all came out perfect . I was especially surprised at how good the brown rice tasted . I usually do n't like it , it takes forever to cook and I seemed to never get it right.Well , not with this rice cooker . I do n't have a lot of experience with rice cookers but I did buy another one -LRB- a lot cheaper -RRB- from costco and returned it the next day . I decided to splurge in the Zojirushi after reading all the great reviews and also having their bread machine for almost 2 years now with excellent results . My favorite things about this rice cooker other than making perfect rice is its compact size , easy to use , and very pretty to look at . I do n't like bulky old fashion appliances . Simply put , I never thought I would like a rice cooker that much .
 Terrific rice cooker . It does take a long time to cook rice - but it comes out perfect .
 I grew up in Asia and have always had a rice cooker . When my last one croaked , I wanted a really nice one and this one has certainly come through for me . It makes perfect white rice -LRB- that 's all I 've used it for so far -RRB- and leftovers heat up just as tasty in the microwave . My previous `` double-boiler '' type models did n't produce great leftovers . My old ricecookers often spewed water all over the counter and down the side of the rice cooker , but this one , with it 's snap down lid is clean . It took some time to read the directions , but after that initial time investment , I 'm cooking like a pro .
 Excellent Product , easy to use -LRB- after reading directions -RRB- This is a foolproof way to cook any type of rice . A quality product !
 My friend Hideko has wanted a new rice cooker for some time now , and she is very happy with the zojirushi rice cooker . She makes rice every day and she just loves it . Thank You Al
 I tried Panasonic , Tiger and of course , microwave cooker too , this one is like a Ferrari of cookers , I set the timer to have oatmeal in the morning and perfect rice -LRB- white , brown , pink and black -RRB- in the evening , life is too short , just get it and enjoy .
 Actually , I 'm still learning how to use the rice cooker , since I have n't had it that long . I took some hints from previous reviews , which turned out to be helpful . However , the first time I used the cooker I forgot the hint of putting a spoonful of butter in with the rice . You guessed it
 This rice cooker is the best one we 've ever had . It seemed a bit slow at first , and we could n't tell if it was working , but it really does n't take any longer than our old Hitachi one which we used to death . The rice comes out perfect every time and it tastes wonderful . We really love it . We bought it because of the huge reviews it received , and we have no regrets !
 I really like the rice cooker , heared about it before . But I have a serious problem . I did n't notice that it only can be used under 120 voltage . I used it under 240 voltage and now it can not work ! I do n't know what to do , please contact me to tell me what to do next . Thank you !
 WOW - after 15 years of service , my Zojirushi Rice Cooker finally called it quits . This is one of the best - and well used appliances I have EVER owned ! I am excited to see what the new technology brings to the table ... hope it is as good as the first one !!
 This is a great rice cooker . Have used this 4-5 times per week for several months . Perfect rice every time with no browning in the bottom . Worth the extra cost . Highly recommended . ***** One year update 04/12
 Though it is a bit pricey , if you eat rice often this thing is a miracle cooker . Toss in rice and water and hit a button . Come back later and you have perfect rice EVERY time . You can literally take the removable pot out and clean it with a paper towel . Unreal.Nancy RectorAuthor of `` A Painful Truth - The Entrapment of America 's Sick '' -LRB- How Being Ill Got Me Arrested -RRB- www.apainfultruth.com
 When I first decided to buy a rice cooker I went to my local department store and purchased a small one . WHAT A MESS !!! it went all over the counter , it took longer for clean up then to cook the rice . Well , I returned that brand and started reading bout all the different types of cookers.After I read all the reviews about this rice cooker I decided to give it a tryI am very pleased . It is very consistent no problems.Even the quick cook is good . I cook my brown and white rice and it is perfect each time . I have n't been able to get my steel oats to come out the way I like yet.All in all a good little rice cooker .
 Great Rice cooker . but cheaper selling at the local Ranch 99 Supermarket Store $ 149 . Amazon , please consider dropping the price for anyone else looking to buy this
 This rice cooker works excellant so far . I have n't owned long enough to say that it 's reliable , but the rice has been near perfect everytime that I 've used it .
 So far I have thoroughly enjoyed my rice cooker . It seems to operate very well and I have had no problems .
 We 've been using this Zojirushi rice cooker almost everyday since 2004 -LRB- ~ 9 years ! -RRB- . After about 5 years , the battery died . It still worked great as a rice cooker , but the clock/timer no longer worked correctly . Since we did n't use the timer that much anyway , we just left it like that.A few days ago I decided to take a peek and see how hard would it be to replace the battery on my own . I flipped the rice cooker upside down , removed the 4 screws and pulled the bottom part off ... The battery , a CR2354 , was soldered directly on the main circuit board and is beneath the LCD panel . I found a few sources for it via Google , but since I already had the more common CR2032 battery & holder , and it was the same voltage and roughly the same size as the CR2354 , I decided to give it a try . I de-soldered the old one , soldered the new battery holder , popped in the new battery , and it worked . : -RRB- Pictures uploaded.The original CR2354 is around 500mah , while the replacement CR2032 is around half that amount . So sadly , I will have to replace the battery sooner than if I had used a CR2354 . Since its now on a battery holder though , at least I do n't have to re-solder it again .
 Just a perfect rice cooker for me and I love the music to tell me shen the rice is cooked !
 Just a great machine . Buy &#34; Made in Japan &#34; version . durable , nice looking , works perfect . Highly recommend . Not just for rice but other groats .
 All I can say is that every working , healthy and modern kitchen should have a fuzzy logic rice cooker and by buying a good one that will make Porrige and has other modes , you open it up to providing all kinds of wonderful and creative meals .
 THE BEST rice cooker out there ! Super easy to make rice , just set up and turn on . It 's ready in no time at all and MUCH easier than trying to make it on the stove .
 I am so happy i bought this rice cooker it is absolutely amazing it cooks rice PERFECT every time !! It even comes with a little booklet that show you how to properly cook the rice and different rice recipes ! I am very happy with this product . It has several different rice cooking functions sushi , white rice , porridge , brown and mixed rice .
 I like the design . The size is also perfect . It helps to keep warm for quite a long time , and I can still eat the rice after 20 hours . The only thing is this one is not good at making porridge .
 The Zajirushi NS-ZCC10 rice cooker really does turn cheap and unappetizing rice into something delicious . I tested it with a batch of old cheap rice that was sitting in the cabinet -LRB- and with good reason -RRB- and it remarkably transformed the taste . The rice raw had that familiar unappealing smell to it that reflected its poor taste but after being cooked with this rice cooker there was no trace of it . Excellent product .
 Yes it 's pricey but so worth it ! I probably have spent this much over the years for cheap ones.Our 24yr old son requested this for Christmas and he LOVES it . I decided to get one for myself after his recommendation . No regrets
 I purchased this rice cooker as a Christmas gift for my parents . I was looking for one that also cooked hot cereals or porridge . I read the reviews and decided to give it a try . My parents loved it - my mom has Alzheimer 's so my dad does all the cooking . He has become an expert at making great yummy hot cereals . Once my husband tasted the hot cereals he ordered a cooker for us as well . The cooker is very easy to clean ! We are very happy with it . Ours is made in Japan
 My eight year old Hitachi rice cooker died three weeks ago . The replacement of the old rice cooker was long overdue . The old rice cooker made horrible rice , soft on the top , and burnt on the bottom . As the result , I need to soak the pot a few hours before cleaning it , and obviously wasted a lot of rice . A friend of mine has a 10 year old rice cooker brought from Japan , I tried it , wow , what a difference , it made perfect rice , cleans easily -LRB- no burnt or stuck rice -RRB- , and look new after 10 years use.So I order a sanyo D55S 5 cup rice cooker . I got really excited when it arrived , but it turned out to be disappointment . The stainless accent was too flashy to my taste , the rice made was average -LRB- better than my old cooker , but not as good as my friend 's -RRB- , the inner lid looked cheap and I was worried if it could last more than a few years . The heating unit get ugly water stains after just a few use , and the outside of the cooker pot showed scrtches after a few use . So what to do ? Returned it.I went up one step for this rice cooker , it made perfect rice , cleaned easily , and it looks like it 's manufactured solidly and going to last a long time . I am very happy with the purchase .
 Having been delighted with my Zojirushi bread machine and having just returned from a visit to Japan , I decided to retire my simple rice cooker and invest in this high-tech wonder . Cooks all forms of rice like a dream . However , I was inspired by Beth Hensperger 's `` Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' to attempt to broaden its use to things like tapioca and oatmeal -- with disasterous results . I set it in motion and returned a few minutes later to find Vesuvius being simulated and my countertop and the machine itself buried in sticky goo . That is when I also realized that this machine is devilishly difficult to clean . Yes , the bowl itself is a dream to wash -- but anything that leaves the bowl gets caught in a labyrinth of narrow channels with little countersunk screws , hinges , vents , etc. . Bottom line -- while I think this thing makes terrific rice and MAY be worth the cost in that regard , try to keep it in the bowl and consider other devices if you want to explore the range of creative recipes in Beth 's book .
 I received model NS-ZCC10 in place of the NS-ZAC10 because it was out of stock at the time of purchase . The instruction manual is very easy to follow with guidelines for several languages . My consumption of rice has increased because I can pour the rice and water into a machine , turn it on , bypass the stirring and boiling over issues , then direct my attention to some other activites while the rice is cooking . I have tried several brand names of rice as well as many different varieties of rice in this cooker . All varieties of rice including the brown rices have cooked superb . I favor my rice dishes over some that had previously been purchased at restaurants . I contribute that to the rice cooker . I decided upon this unit because of the time it saves me in preparation , ease of cleanup , overall looks of the rice cooker , and size of pot . I cook for one person but make larger portions and use the extra volume of rice for stir fry the next day . I have been using the rice cooker on the average of 2.3 times per week . The selection process of choosing the variety of rice on the front display is very simple . One can make a very tasty rice dish and accomplish other tasks at the same time with little effort . I highly recommend this unit to those considering the purchase of a quality rice cooker . I have been very pleased with this unit 's performance each and every batch of rice cooked .
 I 've had this rice cooker for about 5 yrs now and I 've never once had a problem with it . It tells time even when it 's unplugged and I have n't had to change the clock battery yet . As far as the rice making capabilities of this cooker , I really do n't think it could get any better . I also used the programmable time function quite a bit when I was working nights . Add the rice and water to the cooker and press a few buttons to have freshly made rice at the same time my alarm clock was going off in the afternoon . When I initially bought it , it was because I could never make a decent batch of rice . Since then I 've been cooking all kinds of rice in this cooker and it always turns up perfectly . That 's because all I do now is add my ingredients and press a button and this really smart cooker does all the work . The price is high and has n't changed much in about 5 years -LRB- in fact I think I paid the same for it , about $ 180 -RRB- , but if mine broke I would buy another one just like it in a heartbeat .
 As everyone has said , it 's expensive , but it makes perfect rice every time . What I like most is that , compared to the steamer I used to use , I no longer have to time the other parts of the meal to the cooking of the rice since this cooker will keep it warm and ready to serve whenever it 's needed . It has very good moisture control , a fact I learned when I accidentally left a half-cup worth of rice in the cooker overnight . After 11 hours on `` warm '' it was still moist and good to eat.I do n't think the -LRB- non-user replaceable -RRB- clock battery is an issue if you leave the unit plugged in most of the time like I do . It 's only used when the AC power fails or it is unplugged . If you leave the cooker on the shelf for months at a time , it might be an issue .
 I love Kitchen gadgets and appliances , this might simply be the best kitchen product I have ever purchased . The rice is fantastic , brown , white , sushi rice , it does n't matter , it comes out perfect . Try making oatmeal in it . Put everything in at night , set the timer and have a perfect breakfast the next morning .
 I 've own several rice cooker , but I would have to say this is the best rice cooker I 've ever had . This is the first time I 've own a Zojirushi rice cooker , but I pretty much sold on this brand ! My wife is Japanese and I 'm Chinese . We cook rice practically every night.We have own it for over a year now and the rice still come out perfect every single time . We use it to cook every type of rice , -LRB- white , brown , wild rice -RRB- and they all come out perfect ! The only way you can screw up cooking the rice is if you add the wrong amount of water , but even then the rice still comes out great.Be careful when you buy because this one is only about 5 cups , which is n't much when you have guest over . You should upgrade to the Zojirushi NS-ZCC18 for the 10 cup version if you need more .
 Pros : - Cooks the most delicious rice , every time -LRB- if you figure out the right setting -RRB- . - Very easy to clean . - Makes a surprisingly large amount of rice for its compact size . - Very convenient warming setting to keep rice warm and moist during long dinner parties . - Cute jingle to let you know its done.Cons : - Not completely intuitive as to how to use it . - If we have to make something other than pre-washed white rice , we have to read the manual very carefully , take our best guess and hope it comes out ok . - Takes at least 45 minutes to make rice , but that 's probably why the rice comes out so well every time . - Only displays cooking time remaining once it gets down to 8 minutes so if there 's 30 minutes left , you do n't really know how much longer because it does n't say .
 I have used this rice cooker for two months now , the rice come out so good that it would be all gone when dinner is over . We normally have left over with our old rice cooker which this one replaces . This is because many come back to the cooker for second and third time . I just watch and smile.For my family of 4 -LRB- 2 adults and 2 older kids -RRB- , we normally use 2 to 2.5 cups -LRB- supplied with the cooker -RRB- of dry-rice for dinner -LRB- depend on how hungry everyone are -RRB- . We have cooked from 1 to 5 cups of white dry-rice in this cooker and it all come out very good.Depending to your family taste , paying attention to the amount of water added . Every new bag of rice has different contend of moisture ; just pay attention to the amount of water for the first few pots of rice and keep the same dry-rice to water ratio for the rest of the bag . The ratio does not vary too much from the recommended as mark from the inside of the pot , but some people can be sensitive . If you want the rice come out dry , just reduce a little water ... Brown rice - We have cooked up to 3.5 cups -LRB- supplied with the cooker -RRB- of brown dry-rice in this cooker when we have guests , and there is marking for water level on the inside for 3.5 cups . My family started to eat more brown rice since this cooker arrived . Since then we have cooked short and long grain brown rice in this cooker and they all come out perfect . The very first pot of cooked brown rice from this cooker empty very quick ! The kids kept coming back for second.Very important , keep the area between the removable pot and the cooker where you can see the heating plate clean and dry so it would not damage . I would dry the outer shell of the removable pot very careful before cooking any rice.If this NS-ZCC10 sold for a little less $ , I think it would be a hit ! For my case the $ well spend.I wish that Zojirushi would not put `` Neuro Fuzzy '' in big letter on front , I was ridiculed for it until people getting tire of paying attention to it . The good rice does help though . I think the buyer will find these letters however small it is.Update
 have been contemplating upgrade from old panasonic rice cooker for ages , finally went ahead and bought zojirushi zcc model ; though directions appear confusing , very easy to use ; convenient and appreciate musen mai feature , makes cooking even easier ; signals start/end of cooking process with melody vs. buzzer which is very amusing ; definitely exceeds expectations , quality of rice cooked with machine very high , which means a lot coming from an asian girl :--RRB- definitely time saving , which is wonderful when in college ; would take it over a toaster any day .
 Neat machine - the instruction booklet is minimal and difficult to use as a reference or for help with specific completing times for various recipes . BUT - help is on the way if you choose to also purchase -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- `` The Ultimate Rice Cooker Cookbook '' for $ 12.21 . -LRB- Preview can be read on-line . -RRB- The `` cooker '' produces delicious rice . It is very convenient to put in a completion time and let the `` cooker '' decide to start the rice when it needs to . Oatmeal -LRB- use the steel-cut variety from Bob 's Red Barn '' -RRB- even tastes best when set up the night before.The `` timer '' can be set for various finishing times but the `` cooker '' conveniently will default to 6 AM and 6 PM automatically , until you enter a different time.The suggested -LRB- above -RRB- cookbook truly is worth the expense . It has many delicious recipes WITH clear and easy preparation instructions and times . It talks about `` cookers '' in general and is an excellent guide to adapting various recipes to this machine.The unit is easy to clean and takes only a minute or two after each use to do.It is now a great experience to check out the many varieties of rice at the `` natural foods ' grocery and health food stores . Basmati and Jasmine will become a favorite . We are definitely eating rice with meals more often - a suggested healthily thing to do ! -LRB- Also eating less amounts of meat and more veggies and fish - they go better with various rices . -RRB- This `` machine '' is not cheap but it is also not the most expensive `` cooker '' available . I would choose this specific machine again and - of course - when purchased from Amazon - delivery and shipping and -LRB- generally -RRB- price and availability are never a problem.This machine also will satisfy - if there there is one - a need for new technology-type gadgets ! There are lights and push-pads and two cute timer `` melodies . '' The machine has an easy to clean sleekness in its design.It will help if you understand 24-hour time . 1 PM = 1300 - so 6 PM = 1800 . 6:30 PM = 1830/6 AM = 630 . Not difficult - just a different way for many of us in the US . Hey , America can adjust , right ?
 Makes excellent rice . Easy to use and usefull features . It slides on counter when buttons are pushed . Feet should be more rubbery to stick better . Need two hands to operate with one hand holding onto the unit . Still a fine product that does what it 's intended to do.Highly recommended . I found mine for $ 135 .
 It 's been going strong for 6 years now , cranking out rice by the pound -- perfect every time . These days , I cook mostly brown rice , and it 's absolutely fantastic . People who complain about how long it takes to cook brown rice do n't seem to understand that brown rice just takes a lot longer to cook . Many Americans cook it the same length of time -LRB- and with the same amount of water -RRB- as white rice -- which is just not right . That gives you crunchy , undercooked rice.I love this thing , and I 'd be lost without it . Have tried the cheaper Panasonic and was not impressed . The Zojirushi is pricey , but worth it .
 The Zojirushi NS-ZCC10 makes perfect rice with no effort . I never could make good rice with the standard boiling water method . The rice cooker has a nice solid design and easy to use menus . The rice cooker shoots out alot of steam so make sure you have a clear spot for it . I also like the portability . The Zojirushi comes with a carry handle and a retractable power cord . The price tag is a little high but you will quickly make money with all the rice !
 I 've cooked many different types of rice in this cooker , from jasmine to weird wild rice mixtures , and every pot has come out perfect . I especially like making basmati with chicken broth ; that 's our staple . The machine will keep the rice fresh and hot for as long as 24 hours , adjust to different quantities automatically , and do everything but water your plants . It 's also very easy to clean , though you have to careully wipe the vent hole in the lid if you used liquids other than plain water , like broth or something with oil . We 've used it every day since we got it . Worth every penny .2010 UPDATE : We 've now had this cooker for 4 years . It 's just as good today as the day we bought it . The main thing is to keep it clean , a very easy task except for cleaning out the small vent hole in the lid . If you cook dishes with many ingredients besides rice -LRB- spices or finely chopped vegetables , for example -RRB- , some residue can get lodged in there . You can easily clean it with a moistened q-tip , though . All in all , we 're still very happy with this purchase .
 I have reviewed the latest Zojirushi induction rice cooker -LRB- NH-VBC18 -RRB- under that item . Previously , this new model was not available from Amazon.com but now is.If you are in the market for a superb rice cooker , please read my review . The new model is more expensive -LRB- approximately $ 225 -RRB- but uses magnetic induction technology to produce even heating throughout the cook cycle . I have gotten excellent brown rice with this new machine .
 I now have owned this rice cooker for a few months.It cooks excellent rice . Easy for cleaning.Timer feature is great .
 I recently bought this rice cooker from Amazon.com.Though the price is steep , I think it 's worth every penny!So far , I 've used the rice cooker1 -RRB- to cook white jasmine rice and brown basmati rice ,2 -RRB- tested the timer function3 -RRB- tested the keep warm and extended keep warm functions4 -RRB- quick-cooked and hard-cooked my white riceEach time , the rice has come out perfect - light , fluffy and so tasty!Just remember to follow the instructions on the rice packaging for how much water to use , instead of using the water level in the rice cooking bowl.Also , I 'm glad I bought the 5.5 cup model instead of the 10 cup model . When I first received the rice cooker , I was worried that it would be too small . But it makes more than enough rice for a single person / couple .
 Simply put , this is the best rice cooker I have ever owned ... perfect rice every time .
 This is the cooker you need . This one has all the features w/o the price of its costly cousins . This brand is a number one seller in Japan and those folks take rice pretty serious . It 's simple to use and works great . We have bought less costly brands in the past and they worked fine for awhile then started burning the rice .
 Simply put -- this product made by the Japanese does rice right!The unit looks a little funny , but the darn thing makes perfect rice.It 's worth the price!Enough said !
 I 'm a bachelor in my mid 20 's and wanted to try something different that might somehow be healthy . So the hardest part was following the manual and deciphering the ` english ' . . cnce you get past that its pretty straight forward . Theres a clear cup and a green cup . The clear cup is for dry grain rice -LRB- white/brown -RRB- the green one with the tab is for ` pre washed ' rice or soaked rice similar to beans . So grab the clear cup and a butter knife and level the cup and match to the water mark on the bowl - done . The down side of this thing is the wait it does take 45-50 minutes for 2 cups of rice but it is absolutely worth it . I 'm never ordering take out again .
 This is an excellent rice cooker . We have been using it every day for more than a month now , tried it for different rice -LRB- basmathi and masoori -RRB- and uses like every day softer rice for kids , softest for kichidi and a little firmer for biryani and we got perfect results every time . This is the best cooker we have ever bought and since we eat rice every day , we have bought some !
 The rice turned out perfect ! Very different from other rice cookers I have tried . I am worried about what the other reviewers mentioned that the battery could out for the LCD display though since I do n't intend to plug the machine in all time .
 If you 're a brown rice cooker in particular , please buy this product , satisfaction guaranteed . If you want fast rice , stick with Rice-a-roni . But if you want rice to die for buy this product .
 I 've had the preceding model to this one and this is one great little cooker . Get the Ultimate Rice Cooker cookbook and you 'll be set -- the book has detailed descriptions on different types of cookers and a lot of recipes for the neuro fuzzy cookers . I 've made the best oatmeal in this cooker -- I put the ingredients in the cooker as I 'm getting ready for work and it 's done before I leave.Rice , of course , comes out superbly in this cooker . I get the best results by rinsing the rice several times before I cook it . That way , the rice is nicely separated and not starchy and mushy after it 's cooked . The stay-warm feature is great for people like me who are out of the house for extended periods of time and just want to set the cooker and go.This is a good capacity for a single person or couple . You might need the larger size for a family or if you want to cook more elaborate recipes beyond its purpose of cooking grains .
 I 've been putting up with microwave and `` plain rice cookers '' for a long while . This does an absolutely amazing job with sushi rice . Only my mom -LRB- a Japanese homemaker -RRB- using my grandma 's rice pot makes better rice . But this is a close second !
 Let me join the chorus of all the others who gave this product five stars ; the zoji is amazing ! One reviewer put it best when they simply stated `` perfect rice , every time '' .
 I hate to cook but I love using this machine ! I have n't had this gorgeous appliance for too long but I 've not had a bad batch of rice yet . I 'm yet to branch out to try some more exotic recipes -LRB- I also purchased one of the Zojirushi cookbooks to help me -RRB- , but I 'm looking forward to trying something new.The unit itself is very attractive and has a fairly small footprint which is great because we do n't have a lot of counter space in the kitchen . I 'm happy to leave this unit out to show it off because it looks so great ! The unit is really easy to use , my only gripe is that some instructions in the manual are a little confusing -LRB- i.e. determining the water level -RRB- but I think it 's because it 's too simple . As a PC user , I 'm used to having to right-click and go into the Properties menu to do what I need to do ... I need to think more like a Mac user -LRB- click and it 's fixed -RRB- * lol * I am so pleased with this machine and the quality of Zojirushi appliances in general that I have purchased the Mr. Bento lunch jar kit -LRB- also excellent -RRB- and am currently waiting for the UPS man to show up with the 1 pound bread machine . I highly recommend this product , the capacity is perfect for myself and my husband and the rice is perfect every time !
 I got this machine after years with a cheap slow-cooker rice cooker . After a while , I got very fed up with the way it would always burn some of the rice , and did research.This machine cooks rice perfectly every time . First , by adjusting the time and temperature , and second through the cups and the lines inside the pan which ensure one always adds the right amount of rice and water . The lines tell you how much water to add for different types of rice . There 's even a setting for pre-washed rice . It also comes with directions for cooking rice , which has been invaluable.For the first time at home , I made sweet rice . Sweet rice is a special kind of rice with a round chalk-white grain . It 's very sticky and smells like honey when it is cooking . It 's very delicious , but extremely hard to cook over the stove , as it normally must be steamed rather than boiled . It 's also used to in making mochi . The directions in the Zojirushi manual say to use a traditional bamboo basket to drain this rice after washing , but a towel laid over a strainer works just as well.I 've also made oatmeal with my Zojirushi . One can put the ingredients in and set the timer to start an hour before one rises . It can also handle rice mixed with vegetables and fish.The Zojirushi is very easy to clean . The residual left by the rice simply slides off the non-stick pan . The inner top lid can also be removed and cleaned.The only disadvantage would be that it takes a lot longer to cook rice in this machine . However , with the automatic timer , how well it keeps the rice warm and moist after it 's done , and how much better it tastes , this does not bother me.This model is also one which is made in Japan rather than China .
 I love this machine . I get perfect rice everytime with no fuss , no muss . No more waiting for my wife to cook it . No more too soft or too hard rice . I 'm even experimenting with rice varieties and mixtures I could never have imagined doing before . Like I said , I love the machine .
 I love this rice cooker and I agreed with all the good comments about this rice cooker . We searched around and Amazon has the best price .
 Washed it , set it up , made a cupful of white rice -LRB- sushi style -RRB- . Result
 I was wondering around all of these rice cooking machines in all possible stores ... bought few of them , returned all of them ... almost considered to get Tiger one . After running search in amazon I saw this one at the top of reviews , and was wondering if paying extra 50 bucks on the top Tiger price will worth it . I 've got it by mail , tried immediately , and love it ! I hope it will last long as I do have it for a couple weeks by now . It cooks really perfect rice and more , it looks cute , I wish it will have a countdown timer for &#34; on hold time &#34; , but even without it is fine . Besides outstanding cooking it cleans so fast and does not burn a rice , neither sticks to the bottom
 Machine arrived on time . Great packaging . Works like a charm . Buttons easy to use . MUST measure rice and water as per instructions or else it will be gooey . When properly measured , various styles of rice are perfectly cooked . Easy to clean up . Would definately give it two thumbs up and recommend wholeheartedly . You will not be disappointed .
 I 've had this for about a year with no problems . Works perfectly still ! Highly recommend this item for rice cooking !
 I 've used this cooker constantly for rice and steel cut oats for about 3 years . I admit that I use only the plastic spatula that came with it to serve the rice and the bowl has held up very nicely . I see that there are some people who complain about scratching and I have to wonder what they 're using in the bowl . Yes , my old rice cooker did a fine job of cooking rice , but we love being able to program this and wake to the smell of hot oatmeal just when we want it . I also enjoy setting it up to be finished just as guests arrive for dinner . I 'm just about to order another one for a very special friend . I gave one to my mother last year and she 's used it constantly -LRB- 3 - 4x/week -RRB- without any problems . I 've had no problems in the years I 've owned this product .
 The copy of the poster was a little larger than expected but I was able to make it work with my Japanese inspired room decor . I wish it came in a smaller size 11x20 or 8x10 . I would order if it came in smaller prints .
 This poster arrived in a well-packed container . The quality of the paper is great , and the colors look amazing . I will definitely buy from this seller again . I 'm sure my boyfriend will love this gift !
 when matted and framed looks great . colors are fine and paper printed on is fine and sturdy . would recommend and using it in a child 's room as wall decoration .
 The original painting was a lot smaller so this one is blown up , losing detail . If you get a foot away it looks bad.Besides that its amazing . Most large pictures will be like this anyway
 Great job sending the poster - it was in mint condition and looks great ! Ca n't wait to frame it and hang it on my wall !
 The elegant design and clear plastic composition make the product beautiful , if one is permitted to use the term to describe something as mundane as a kitchen drainboard . It traps the water that drains from the dishes , glasses , and kitchen utensils placed on it , but could be made to slope a bit more to allow the water to flow into a sink from its curving lip . Its cost of manufacture probably permits the supplier to earn an adequate margin when pricing it at two-thirds of the advertised price .
 If you have n't heard this little beauty , you should . It is a design and engineering gem . And small . The best part is the sophistication of the design that has and will last for years . I 've owned one for about six years . A new one is the same and for good reason , it needs no changes . I suggest one thing
 It really is hard to believe that the sound is coming from this small radio . . it fills the room and does n't sound harsh or boomy . On the back are input stereo jacks so that you can play back music from a CD player , tape deck , portable cassette or MP3 player , etc. . I hooked up a small Sandisk Sansa MP3 player through the Wave radio and it was pretty amazing , sounded like a full size stereo system . The other thing I really liked is how easy it is to set , change , enable or disable the alarm , you do n't have to get the manual out to figure out how to do it . There are two available , I set one for week days and used the other one for weekends when I did n't want to get up as early . You can set it to music , a buzzer , or both and the music gradually comes up in volume from any preset radio station you choose . There are 6 presets available and they are really easy to store ; again , this radio is user friendly . Hit the snooze button if you are n't ready to get up , it 's larger and easy to find in the dark . That reminds me . . the radio automatically dims the display when the room lights go out so that the display does n't bother you trying to sleep . Even if the power goes out , the alarm will still go off from the battery back up , which also stores other settings like the time , stations , etc. . The remote is small , clean , easy to use with a single surface . . no protruding buttons that can get dirt in them and it works great too . Everything about this radio was thought out and done right and it looks good too . I think this is the best Bose product they ever made .
 Okay , I had to eat a bit of crow about this little wave radio but it was worth it ! My spouse had been saying he wanted this Bose wave radio for ages but frankly , I just could n't understand why a radio needed to cost so much especially since it does n't have anything else included . No CD , no nothing.Well , not only has this stood the test of time but it 's remained a household favorite . The fact that is does n't contain a CD means it has n't become obsolete like most other electronics . The plugs on the back allow it to be expanded and remain versatile and flexible despite the age/years . The sound is friggin AWESOME . The footprint is small and keeps us both happy ... no bulky boxes sitting around , no tangled mess of wires everywhere ... just a small little box with a really big sound.It 's simple to use , versatile , flexible and really a top quality item . Sometimes less really is more and this is the perfect example of that adage in action !
 My Bose Wave radio is about seventeen years old ; we 've used it every single day . The radio is amazingly simple to use , the buttons are intuitive . The sound is very warm , rich , and somewhat un-Bose-like in that the highs are n't overboosted . The sound fills the room with very little stereo effect -LRB- the speakers are very close so there would be very little imaging -RRB- . There are no treble or bass controls ; Bose seems to know better than the user about tone control . This is a very high end clock radio , not an audiophile piece of gear . The tuner works reasonably well - two external antennas are required for AM and FM reception -RRB- . For me , the sound has never disappointed . The clock automatically dims depending on the room light , a very nice feature . My biggest disappointment with this radio was its high original price , but seventeen years of sound is pretty darn good in the long run.This particular clock radio has really simple inputs it predates the iPod world . The Auxiliary in is two RCA jacks -LRB- the red and white jacks on stereo receivers -RRB- ; it is not line level in , but headphone level in . The trick with these inputs is to use a mini-jack to RCA adapter -LRB- like this one : Cables To Go - 03180 - 6ft 3.5 mm Stereo Male to RCA Male Y-Cable -RRB- , they are inexpensive and work very well.For the first sixteen years , all was bliss with this radio . Now in its seventeenth year , the unit needs a bit of work . Turns out Bose made a strange design decision . Instead of turning the power to the tuner and amplifier off , they simply used a circuit to mute the volume . That means the amplifier and tuner have actually run turned on for almost seventeen years . When components are left on for this long , bad things can happen or weak components show up - in Bose 's case , the capacitors in this unit will leak . Once that problem starts , things go very wrong - from no sound , to humming , to snapping during volume change.There are three options with this radio
 I 've been searching for weeks for a compact amplified speaker system that delivered full audio response at low volume . Then I stumbled across this rebuilt Bose clock radio made in an American factory in Framingham , Mass and I realized this could be it.Apparently the capacitors in this unit go bad after years of use and create static . If you replace the capacitors it continues to provide years of service . This rebuilt unit displays the time and offers a wakeup system with AM/FM radio but I only wanted it to plug my mp3 player into the RCA jacks on the back and listen to my favorite music in high fidelity with plenty of bass . The only thing you need to connect an mp3 player , laptop , or tablet to this unit is a cable with a male stereo jack on one end and an RCA male plug on the other . These are available online or at any electronics store .
 Item had defective power cord , had to repair , works well . word , word word word , word word word , word word word , word word
 Poster was in perfect condition and it was sent to me in just a few days ! Great Seller ! A +
 This slicer is well made . We put up about 25 lbs of sauerkraut in a very short time compared to slicing cabbage with a knife . Delivery was prompt .
 I purchased the smaller version of this slicer direct from the seller . It is well made - none of the warping the other reviewer mentioned.If you make lots of kraut or coleslaw , definitely get the bigger version . I had to cut the cabbage into relatively small pieces to fit in the cutting box . It took about a cabbage and a half to get the hang of how to use it best . The little boxy thing would tend to stick on the return stroke . I found the trick is to pull it , not push it , and also to lift the box slightly in its tracks.I 'm happy I bought this . It produces wonderful thin strands . Ca n't wait for my first batch of sauerkraut to be done .
 Solid unit with great fit & finish . Very Good espresso every time!I bought this since the previous manual model the Lello 45900 was no longer being made but had great Amazon reviews . So I bought this Ariete model -LRB- apparently the Lello name is dropped -RRB- on a leap of faith since it 's new , has no reviews yet , nor a photo . I 'm very happy with it . It brews consistent cups every time after three weeks so far.This unit has automatic features for 1 or 2 cup dispensing so you do n't have to guess how long to run it . It has a manual button also ! The steam wand is great , and also makes hot water for tea . The buttons are all encircled with green lights to indicate functioning and when it has warmed up and is ready to brew . The water reservoir holds enough water for a week and it piggybacks on the back of the machine . You can see the water level easily from the side because the reservoir is clear plastic . Overall , it 's a solid piece of work , heavy enough so it stays put when attaching the filter , and does n't bounce around while running . Filter cleans out easily . People complain of `` wet pucks '' - and these are wet , but not sludgy . I find it gets sludgy when I tamp too much coffee into the filter . Either way , it rinses out under the sink in 2 seconds , no problem.I was impressed with the safety features . For instance , I had the steamer running and pulled off the water tank to add more water . The unit promptly alerted with an audible alarm and completely shut off . It 's nice to know that there is a little wiggle room and wo n't get destroyed with a careless mistake like running out of water.As far as brewing & taste goes I 'd say for this price I 'm happy with the taste and it 's consistent every time . It creates some crema . It takes about 15-20 seconds for the coffee to finish coming out ; it drips as it should , rather than squirting into the cup . Plus , this Ariete unit uses so little grind for one cup , my tin of espresso is probably going to last a couple months and I have one to three cups a day . Seems way more cost effective than buying those pre-made filter packets -LRB- which this machine does not accept , but apparently there is a workaround for that someone mentioned in the previous model 's reviews for the Lello 45900 . -RRB- In reviews for machines up to $ 450 I notice reviewers complain about fine points regarding the crema created from the double walled filters , and issues about true boilers vs machines that heat water with a thermoblock , but I 'd say that you 're only going to get the exact same Starbucks/favorite coffee shop taste if you use the same extremely expensive commercial machines they use , which cost $ 1500-2500 + . Tips - I 'd say read the manual first b/c you want to make great coffee as well as do things to make the unit operate best & last longer . Let the unit heat up for at least 5 minutes . Buy a $ 15 digital thermometer for frothing the milk so you end up with a hot drink possible yet avoid overdoing the milk -LRB- got a nice digital general kitchen thermometer at Williams and Sonoma -RRB- . Unlike other units reviewers complaints , this one froths regular & soy milk quite well in my opinion , so you can also use the chocolate soy milk for mocha lattes . As far as grinds go , I started with the Illy pre-ground fine grind caffe macinato from Williams and Sonoma -LRB- it 's smooth tasting , perhaps a little too smooth . . -RRB- . No matter what , use a quality grinder or have the coffee shop do it . Those blade home grinders make inconsistent particle size and the powder may clog your metal filter -LRB- like most of these machines , the metal filter is double-walled - one filter separated by a tiny space , on top of another metal filter with fewer holes on the bottom - meaning , it could be theoretically difficult to clean out that space . I 've had no problems so far -RRB- . You 'll also want to pick up cups as this unit does n't include any . It has a nice heating surface on the top of the unit and though it does n't get super hot it certainly helps . One quirk , when the unit has heated up amd you turn the steam dial to froth milk , there is a delay of 10 seconds and then it begins to steam , sending out a little water at first for 3-4 seconds -LRB- likely b/c it probably condenses on the cooler metal pipes -RRB- and then you get pure steam . You may want to wipe the previous brew 's grinds off the rubber gasket where the filter attaches to the unit . From what I 've read , do n't leave the filter handle attached to the machine so that the gasket does n't compress over time and need replacing sooner -LRB- I believe this goes for all brands -RRB- . I put mine on only when ready to brew and remove it immediately . Hope this helps!Note - when my Ariete arrived , I ran a handful of empty plain water runs both through the filter and steamer just to test it . I 'm not sure why , but it took a handful of runs to get the unit working consistently -LRB- probably b/c water initially primes the pump & lubricates internal valves , etc. -RRB- At first , a number of steams from the wand resulted in the steamed water not coming out the wand , but ending up directly into the drip tray -LRB- there 's a path from inside the machine for internal overflow -RRB- instead of coming out of the wand . Since then is comes out just fine every single time . I suppose like all nice machines whether it 's a BMW or this , there 's a short break in period . The unit is quiet but when it 's pumping it makes a constant vibrating noise , but nothing excessive . During steaming , the pump cycles on and off once each second .
 I had seen this product in a retail location for more than $ 100 more than Amazon 's price . I liked the quality and the design fit with the rest of the fixtures in the bathroom . It 's an excellent product and looks great . The service was just as good . I spoke on the phone to the supplier who literally took a cell phone picture of it and emailed it to me to ensure it was the same product I had seen in the store as the web site pictured one slightly different in coloration . I also needed it quickly and he flagged my acct . so when I ordered it through the Amazon web site it was sent on an expedited basis . I could not be happier with the product and service experience .
 I have a 1 year old and a 3 year old . The 1 year old ca n't open the can , the 3 year old has enough trouble that the adventure is n't worth it . So all the icky goodies stay in the can and not all over the house .
 Ordered this to keep my dog out of the trash and it works . She certainly gave it the old college try but the only time she succeeded was when I put the bag on the inside with the edges on the outside of the lid . This way she was able to use the bag as leverage to pull the handle open . Now we keep the whole bag inside and she has given up trying . I love this product . The locking lid is what makes it so successful . Thanks for such a great product that does what it says it will do .
 This thing has warmed my office for 2 winters now . I 've never had it past 1/3 on the thermostat and it keeps my office toasty . I 'm not sure I want to find out whats after that , its probably volcano .
 When we purchased a new sofa that has a recliner on each end , we needed a table to sit in front of the middle seat when it 's just the two of us . One that we could reach items from either recliner . This table has beautiful smooth wood ; it 's the right size & serves as the perfect companion when we settle down to a night of TV .
 These tables look great , are heavy construction and the price was good . A nice compliment to our furniture . Was definitely a wise choice .
 These tables are well worth their asking price . They are well made , assembled easily , and look good with the rest of our furniture . The only caution is that we have ordered two , different , matching coffee tables , and neither has been in stock in time to ship to us . If i were you , I 'd inquire about the shipping availability of any coffee table you intend to purchase .
 After reading the previous reviews we decided to take a chance and purchase . We 're glad we did . The unit is sturdy and solid and it 's a bargain compared to others we 've seen first hand . Would buy again without question .
 We wanted something nice and not too expensive for the newly furnished basement . The tables could not be too small and needed to match other light oak furniture . The tables were easy to assembly . We are very happy with our selection . The delivery was much quicker than we anticipated .
 We recently moved and I found myself needing a couple of end tables but unwilling to pay a big price . I ordered two of these , not really expecting much other than to serve the intended purpose . Imagine my surprise when they turned out to be exception quality , substantial wood tables and not the pressed board stuff . Amazing value . I would buy any product this company offers .
 This table was easy for my husband to put together although he is handy . It feels solid and looks beautiful in our family room . Thinking of getting another .
 This is the perfect comforter , bed spread or blanket bag . We have a king sized bed and the comforter fit into this bag with room to spare . Another blanket could fit along with the comforter . It 's a well made bag and the handles make it easy to carry blankets from one room to another room if needed . The pockets are great for electric blanket controls . This bag could be used for any number of things , including dorm use or even for laundry use . We liked these so well we bought 3 more for other blankets and throws . Our blankets are much happier now !
 This is a great pitcher . Steaming milk in this pitcher is quick and easy . The bottom of the pitcher and the sides get hot when the milk is steamed , which is very helpful in determining when to turn off the steaming wand . It is well built , easy to clean , and dish washer safe . Would definitely recommend .
 Nice steaming pitcher , although on the large side if you are preparing a single 12 oz latte . Am finding it a little more difficult to create excellent foam than in my other bell-shaped pitcher .
 I bought this as an extra when i am making multiple drinks for friends or family when they come over . This is a great product . I love the larger size ! You can froth more at once ! I recommend this product . Any questions please ask i am always looking for advice so i enjoy giving it when i can as well .
 Good for 1 or 2 serving portions . Quality material and workman ship . Can double as a syrup pitcher on pancake day .
 Great product for those on a budget . Would buy this again in a heartbeat . Pay considerably less than the store .
 I could not find one like this in any stores . I tried . Wasted a lot of gas looking too . This pitcher is well worth the price and it 's the perfect size . I am really glad I bought this size .
 I bought this pitcher along with a 12 oz so I can make different size drinks , or make 2 at a time . I use this in conjunction with a Gaggia Titanium espresso maker . The pitcher is well built and I 'm sure it will last a long while . I 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's perfect for making drinks up to 20 oz . I would n't use it for less than 12 . It also seems to work quite well when I 'm doing two 12 oz drinks at once . Easy to clean , looks good , feels durable . Much better than steaming milk in a large measuring glass ! Would buy this item again and would recommend others buy . Great overall value .
 This pitcher is a nice big size to make enough milk for even my largest drinks . It feel nice and durable in the hands and transfers heat well . The handle could use improving but its nothing to gripe over if you are only using it to make one or two drinks a day .
 The stainless steel is nice and heavy , which I associate with good stainless steel . I am creating a no plastic / no paper kitchen and so I use a lot of stainless steel , glass and ceramic and I am happy to add this to my collection . The welding is nice and smooth at the handle and the rim of the cup is smooth -LRB- although not rolled which would have been nice -RRB- and not sharp to touch . I use this cup as a serving pitcher for my children -LRB- ages 21/2 and 31/2 -RRB- for our montessori kitchen . I fill this pitcher with water so that if the kids get thirsty they can grab a cup from their cupboard and pour themselves some water . It has dropped a few times and no dents noted . Good buy all around . Keep in mind that 20oz is not a huge size ... be sure you want to use if for small volume drinks .
 This is great size for making great drinks every time and not have waste of milk in a bigger picther .
 The perfect size for frothing milk for my lattes without overflowing ! This sturdy pitcher heats milk efficiently and cleans easily .
 I bought this to go with my Delonghi EC155 espresso machine . Its a little big to fit under the wand , but it holds enough to make great lattes every time . I was surprisingly pleased with the quality for the price . I have hand washed it over the past couple months and it still looks like new .
 This frothing pitcher is the perfect size to froth milk . The pitcher seems to be of good quality.Looks good and works well .
 Holds enough milk for two full sized cappuccinos . Gets nice and hot and makes me look like a pro . Very pleased .
 This pitcher is just the right size for making foam for 1 or 2 cappuccinos . It 's weight is just right , not flimsy at all like another I 'd tried . Very sturdy , well constructed .
 I expected the frother pitcher to be bigger based on the size it said it was , but other than that it 's been working out great !
 If you are steaming milk for one person , it is just the right size . It is well made , out of heavy gauge steel , so it should last forever .
 Not much to say . It is a pitcher ; it holds the milk great ; easy to use for frothing milk . .
 Excellent build quality and finish . Have been using this for a couple of months now to froth milk and it has served the purpose wonderfully . Has a good weight to it and is sturdy . The steel is nice and shiny and it has n't shown any marks or defects after a couple of months of use and putting it in the dishwasher etc. . Looks as good as new even today .
 This is a very well made product and I use it quite a bit for my expresso ` sheavy gauge material , they did not scimp on this product .
 I have a Keurig B70 coffeemaker . I use Contigo travel mugs that I got from Costco -LRB- see this link for an image of the travel mug : . These mugs do n't fit under my Keurig , so I was looking for a shorter container that would fit under the coffeemaker . It was important that the container have a spout to make pouring the coffee into my travel mug a no-mess/no-waste process . Rather than get a glass measuring cup , I wanted something stainless steel . Out of the box , I was worried I got the wrong size pitcher because it looks so tiny . But this pitcher is perfect for my everyday coffee needs and is easy to clean .
 Big enough for a double , cleaned up easy . I just wish I had a working machine . The Mr. Coffee only made one cup and died .
 I got this to go with my Delongi espresso maker . I am happy about the size and price . I can fit in under the steamer and have hands free .
 I looked at many others ... but the size and price is the best here!Great stainless steel pitcher , you will be happy with it : -RRB-
 This works awesome ! The spout is a must for pouring your espresso ! Great price ! Got it in two days !
 Exactly as described , though the cost of shipping was as much as the item itself . However , it was still cheaper than ones I found in stores .
 Perfect size for my morning latte or cappuccino . I fill it 2/3 full to leave room for a little foam before I transfer the liquid to my 16 oz . travel mug . It pours cleanly from the spout . Stainless steel pitcher can get quite hot to the touch from steaming , obviously , but the handle never does .
 the pitcher itself is good , but the only need is that there is no measure . So I have to estimate when I put milk .
 This frothing pitcher is perfect . The price was right -LRB- and less than a competing 20oz frothing pitcher -RRB- and it is a very hefty feeling product - you are getting more than you 're paying for . The 20oz size is perfect for me . I used to struggle with a 12oz pitcher and having enough room to froth the milk for my morning latte without overflowing , but no more.I have no problems getting the steam wand on my espresso machine down into the pitcher.If you 're debating it , stop . Just buy it . I 'd also recommend buying some other accessories -LRB- I bought espresso machine de-scaler and a three pack of Torani coffee syrup -RRB- to take advantage of the free shipping on $ 25 orders . Mine got here in just three days .
 Very nice ! Great quality . I was surprised , however that I could actually use a bigger one . Even when I make just one latte , my espresso machine does such an awesome job at creating foam - my milk generally foams up and over the pitcher .
 It was what I was expecting . BUT the seller is crap . . I tried contacting them via phone and email and got NO where !
 Love it . . fits great under the spout and it 's just the right amount for my morning out the door cup !
 This is a good size for two cappuccinos . Fill to just a little over 1/3 -LRB- half is to much -RRB- or your milk will run-eth over . DAMHIK . Good quality , perfect size for my wife and I.
 Happy with this fine quality -LRB- its thickness and weight make it a pleasure of using -RRB- , a cute and delicate pitcher . It adds extra beauty of cappuccino ... Highly recommended . . Worthy buy ... fast shipment ,
 Recieved on time . The picture looks like it 's tall , but , when it arrived it 's squatty . I have n't had the chance to use it yet , but , seems like it will do well . When I get to use it I will update my post.Update
 Not much to really say about this . It 's stainless , well made , and holds milk very well . The price is great , so if you want a tall frothing pitcher , this one is good . Do note the tall part , if your maker has a short steam spout it will not reach the bottom . Mine is longer , so works great with this one .
 This is n't one of the nicest examples of stainless kitchenware that I 've seen but it does what it 's made to do , so I ca n't complain . When I opened the box I was n't happy to see that it is made in China . I 'm concerned about the potential for unknown contaminants to leach into my drinks and would have appreciated it if the country of origin had been disclosed to me prior to purchase .
 Received the item and it is just like advertised . Purchased it to replace a small frothing pitcher so I can foam milk for more than one cup of coffee.Nice quality pitcher .
 I have decided to make my own ` Starbucks ' at my house so save some $ . I bought this and LOVED it ! I use it with my Mr. Coffee Espresso and Cappuccino maker and it works perfect ! I also bought a 12 oz pitch , which I do n't need but am keeping if because if I sent it back , I would only be refunded $ 3 because of shipping . Anyways , I definitely recommend this product !
 perfect for frothing . well built product . would buyanother in a heartbeat.no more dribbles from a roundedged vessel i was using previously .
 This is the type of pitcher use at the coffee house where I work . It does a good job . Low involvement purchase .
 Love having the perfect pitcher for steaming milk for my perfect latte-made at home and without waiting in line . Yay !
 It 's a nice little pitcher . Gets Ice cold when you have something cold in it , and put it in the fridge . I am fine with it so far .
 Exactly as described . Well made with a good finish on it . The price was very good to and you 'll find it cheaper than smaller pitchers .
 We 've been using it almost every day to frothing milk for lattes or hot chocolate for a couple months ; no problems with rusting , the handle coming loose , or anything like that . I also like how it 's relatively large so you do n't have to worry about foam spilling out of the top . Easy to pour from , wash , and does n't take up too much space on the counter/in the cupboard !
 This pitcher is the perfect size to froth milk with my espresso machine without overflowing . Easy to clean , same experience as the pitchers I used when I worked at Starbucks .
 When I am making my daily latte , I always start by filling this halfway up with milk and putting it in my refrigerator while I get my machine set up . When my espresso machine is ready , I pull it out of the refrigerator and start frothing the milk . I can easily access the milk and make some good froth & heat up the milk quickly . Works great !
 I am quite pleased with this item . I was honestly expecting something a bit larger , but after using it I really do not need anything bigger . I have been washing it in the dishwasher with zero problems and it works great together with the milk frother on our coffee machine . Overall , very happy .
 I would n't buy a small pitcher . it holds enough for two regular mugs that includes espresso in the mugs . Its tall enough to put one of the temp regulators .
 This pitcher was the perfect size to make my large white chocolate mocha . It gives room for the foam and it would easily allow for making two drinks . Do n't get the smaller pitcher .
 This pitcher is well constructed and is the right size to froth enough milk for 2 drinks at once . No need for anything more .
 This tall pitcher is perfect for frothing milk for cappuccinos , since it leaves enough room at the top for froth with lots of volume . The stainless steal design look nice , and it has a very nice weight to it . Not cheap or flimsy feeling . The pour spout work nicely for pouring the milk into your drink before then adding the froth on top . It washes up beautifully and the price is outstanding . If you 're in the market for a really nice pitcher that has enough weight that it wo n't tip over easily , but is also very affordably priced , this is a great choice .
 I 've been using the carafe for 3 months , and generally speaking a pleasure to use . it 's decently constructed -LRB- though by no means heavy duty -RRB- , and it 's lasted so far , even though I 'm not gentle on things.My only real complain is that because the carafe narrows at the top , and it 's rather tall , it 's hard to clean the bottom without a brush .
 This was a gift , but it 's well constructed , with a decent spout and is the right size for home use .
 This is a good quality stainless steel pitcher . I 've used it for frothing only . It looks great with the espresso machine . There is no con side on this cup that I can think of .
 I am using this to froth about 6 oz of milk for two cappuccinos , and it is just the right size . After frothing the foam rises to about 2/3 - 3/4 of the pitcher volume , so one pours at a comfortable starting angle without spilling a drop . The pronounced spout is also helpful in this respect . This pitcher is very easy to clean and looks great beside our stainless espresso machine .
 Do n't buy a frothing pitcher that does n't have a pour spout ! We love this pitcher and it pours without making a mess . 20oz is full to the top , so when making large lattes for two we usually end-up doing a pitcher and a half . If you regularly brew two large lattes , you might want a 32oz pitcher .
 This is a very strong pitcher . Thick steel . The handle is spot welded with 3 weld at the top of handel and 3 at the bottom . Expect it to last . The spout is tapered at the tip and pours very precisely .
 I own an espresso machine and bought this pitcher to steam milk for my lattes . This is the perfect size for one medium-large latte and it helps heat the milk much faster than a ceramic mug . I almost bought the 12oz pitcher , and am so glad I decided to purchase the 20oz . I love this pitcher , it 's made of quality material and it 's a little heavy so you know it 's durable . I would highly recommend this .
 Of course one must get the hang of steaming and foaming milk , and this is the perfect container to do so . I do n't know how I went so long without this product for my cappucino maker . Excellent size and quality .
 This is the perfect size to make cappuccino . I was expecting it to be a little taller and was disappointed that it was n't taller but after using it for the first time today I realize it 's perfect ! Handle does n't get hot and the pointier spout makes it spill proof and exact when you are pouring milk into the espresso .
 I bought a new latte machine and this cup for milk frothing . I am so glad I bought the 20 Oz as the milk really expands when you froth it . Easy to clean , I do not put it in the dishwasher though , just hand wash . works great
 Exactly what we needed with our new auto expresso machine . This perfect stainless frothing pitcher makes me look like a pro ! Great height and excellent capacity .
 the pitcher is great for frothing milk for 2 servings.the only con is that the handle hurts my hand if i hold it in a certain way . the edges of the handle is n't rounded , so this is the reason why.other than this , its great . you can easily make latte arts using this .
 It 's nothing fancy , pretty standard pitcher . Seems pretty durable and well made . I use it for my milk frothing almost everyday .
 Great product for a great price !! Nicer than what I could find in stores close !! Goes great with our espresso maker .
 We liked this pitcher a lot but we decided to return the item.Love thew fact that it can contain 20oz of milk but our cappuccino machine frothing lip is too short for this ~
 It 's the perfect size for a single serve . It was also very cheap and I recommend this to people who only make 1 or maybe 2 lattes at a time .
 I use this every day to steam my milk for my latte and works just as it should . Cleans easily and just the right size . Seems study and can tell I will get many years of use . For the price it is a great value .
 Daughter likes the gift but does feel it is a little large . Would have liked the smaller version . It did come in adequate time .
 a perfect size for making two cafe macchiato 's or similar drink . Heavy SS gage that I expect to last a lifetime .
 No complaints ... it does the simple job and the price is reasonable . The only fact is . . I could have bought it at any local Supermarket , but the truth is they 're not always available , so S&H is justifiable .
 Given as a gift today to go with recipients coffee maker.They used it for their guests same day -LRB- ! -RRB- and really likedappreciated the size and quality of the pitcher . It 's a perfectsize to give you the option of quantity to make .
 I 've had this steaming pitcher for a month and it is already rusting , however that can be fixed with the right cleaning product so it does n't really bother me . This pitcher is really sleek looking and holds 20 ounces if you fill it to the top .
 Works great , good quality and the best part its east to clean . Holds the temp pretty good and the handle is very comfortable . Right size 2 make 2 cups .
 I bought this item based on reviews and i have been happy with my purchases doing it this way . The stainless steel frothing pitcher is very nice . I find it is the right size for a 16 oz coffee drink . I noticed the construction is very sturdy and it is a nice weight . Not at all cheap . i would highly recommend this product .
 This item is just what I needed for our new espresso machine . The item is nice and large enough to froth milk without making a mess .
 I get the recomendations from Amazon then I decided to buy it.It was a good buy . It is strong and well designed.Recommended for home usage .
 For the at home cappuccino maker this pitcher is a must . Just the right size for making a large drink . It 's easy to clean . Being able to vary the amount of froth you like is crucial for making a drink to your own personal taste . My husband likes mostly froth while I like about 50/50 froth to steamed milk . This picture easily allows you to make your coffee exactly how you like it .
 Received as advertised in a timely manner . Good quality ... works great with a pour spout.If I was to buy another one I would get a little larger so the milk does not spill so easily .
 Fits in my freezer door and under my frothing wand and is dishwasher safe . Froth does come out over the top , though this may be the type of milk and the frothing wand of my Gaggia Classic .
 Nice , solid construction with relatively thick stainless steel throughout . Handle is triple electro spot welded at both ends . You might get the handle off with a hammer , but it is n't going to fall off or come off in your hand . Tapered walls help when frothing . Properly designed pour spout with a slightly turned lip is practically drip free and is well designed for fiddling around with latte art at home -LRB- if you 're into that sort of thing . -RRB- All in all , a very nice product . Well pleased , especially considering the price . Used daily and recommended .
 Not much to say as it is just a stainless steal pitcher . But it is as good as my more expensive pitchers . I normally use the larger pitcher for most my frothing but when someone wants less milk I always grab this one so milk does n't splatter everywhere while frothing
 This pitcher is a perfect size for one 12 oz . serving of a latte . I have an Aerolatte milk frother which I insert into the liquid , and in seconds I have perfectly frothed milk for a latte . The pitcher makes the process splatter-free . Pours great . It holds back the froth until you 're ready to scoop it into your mug .
 I bought this strictly for decoration . Its really nice , better quality than I expected !! Has a nice weight to it and seems extremely durable for sure . Highly recommend !
 I like this pitcher , well polished and good quality . I put the pitcher in the freezer for a couple of minutes before frothing the milk which makes the froth almost like whipped cream .
 This is made very well at a great price.I purchased this pitcher specifically to use for my pour over coffee brewing.The spout is great and gives you good control.After the water is poured through i use a frother and make a great cap.The only thing missing is measuring lines for fluid ounces , but one can estimate .
 Unfortunately as I have no previous experience with milk frothing pitchers to compare this to , I will just have to compare this to using glass measuring cups or other various containers . I 'm probably the only one who uses random containers around the kitchen to froth my milk in , but in case there are others out there , you absolutely MUST get yourself a milk frothing pitcher ! I was blown away by how big of a difference it makes in both consistency and taste ! I use it for making cappiciunno 's / latte 's and it makes a monumental difference ! It gives me the consistency I need for latte art which is something I will be practicing in the near future . If you already have a steam wand/espresso machine with steam wand , there is absolutely NO excuse not to get a milk frothing pitcher for $ 9 !
 Nice sized pitcher makes enough for two latte 's without spillover . Welds seem okay after the first month of use -LRB- usually where there are issues -RRB- , and the height is just right for the Capresso 303.1 machine .
 Nice handle , fits perfectly my espresso machine . Shape of the nose makes sure milk does not spill.Overall , pretty good for its purpose , though a little pricey .
 I do n't know how we lived without this frothing pitcher for all these years , but we 'll never be without one again !
 perfect for my using to froth milk for my morning coffee , or my after dinner decaf ! Love it ! Would purchase again .
 There is n't a whole lot to say . for the price I 'm pleased with my purchase , it does it 's job and looks good while doing it .
 This pitcher is just the right size for home use . It 's not too small , not to large for frothing milk for coffee drinks and other purposes .
 I needed another frothing pitcher to add to the rotation and this one is what I expected . My husband ordered it but chose the wrong size . They were very good about issuing a refund for the first one so I could repurchase a larger size . Delivery was pretty quick as well .
 Recommended . Great for milk frothing with espresso machines . Durable and sturdy . Have been using it daily for 2 months and is as good as new .
 Great product . As described , really enjoyed it . Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for something similar . Very happy with my purchase .
 perfect size for frothing milk . I have a jura T9 and a krupps super automatic and this works great with both of them .
 Superior material and construction . But I still think the price tag is a little high for what it really is.The price is only justified when one spends $ 300 + on a espresso maker , this is just chump change .
 Standard high quality piece of equipment.Cleans up easily.Works perfectly for steaming and frothing milk.Definitely would purchase again .
 I bought this for my wife to go along with her espresso machine . I like the construction of the pitcher but would have liked it to be a bit heavier .
 Holds plenty of milk . Enough room to steam enough milk for two cappuccinos . Solid construction and washes out quite easily .
 Excellent frothing pitcher . Looks well made and should last forever . I like the pouring spout that makes pouring easy without any drips . I am glad I read the reviews and went with the 20 oz size -LRB- instead of the 12 oz -RRB- as it leaves plenty of room for frothing the milk . The size of the pitcher is just right -LRB- about the size of a coffee mug -RRB- .
 I purchased this thermometer about 2 weeks ago and I could not be happier . It features good quality stainless steal , the metal is not too thin so it does not get bent or damaged . And its just the right size so it fits my coffee machine wand in the right place for frothing . For a price like this you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I 've had this clock for several years now , and it 's always worked fine for me . I 'm a bit nearsighted , so the extra large numbers and the fact that it lights up when it goes off is very helpful , not to mention I can pick it up and hold it in front of my face without ripping out wires . Sometimes -LRB- in some places -RRB- it does take a while to get a signal from Colorado but for the most part it 's never been an issue . The screen has stayed bright on mine , only dims a little when the battery is about to die . I 've only had to replace the batteries once . Nice snooze and travels well too.One hint - if you need to replace the AA batteries , the easiest way I could get off the cover -LRB- brute force did n't work -RRB- was to put a piece of tape on the back cover and pull sideways . Hopefully they fixed this on the newer versions so that it 's easier to open .
 I 'm a professional chef and a big fan of German knives . I like a heavier knife in my hand that I know will do the job all day long that I want it to . This set is amazing and I use it every day . Granted ; I have swapped out a few of the garnish instruments for what I prefer to use -LRB- hate the zester and the peeler -RRB- . Turned heads when I first brought it out at work but everyone wants to borrow my knives now due to their superior quality and sharpness . I wanted something other than a tired out knife roll that everyone has and have not regretted a single second of owning this item .
 These Signature Housewares Boscoware mugs are great -- heavy glazing , large size , sturdy , and stylish.The shipper , however , did a horrible job of packing them . Six of the 18 mugs were broken.Fortunately , 1/3 of the price was refunded to me . However , apparently there are no more of these mugs available , and I 'd wanted all 18 . Sigh .
 These are very pretty but I did not use them on my tree since they look more hot pink than red . In a few years as I add more colors to my tree I will have them .
 My husband has wanted an accurate scale for our home and has been very please with the Detecto 438 scale . It was easy to assemble and he has no regret in our purchase .
 Bought this so that I could daily weigh myself while dieting . Daily weighing , in my opinion , is very important . And accurate weighing results are equally important to keep one on track . After assembling the well-packed components and calibrating according to directions , I found that these scales were within a 1/2 pound of those used by my WW group and my doctor 's office . Ca n't get better than that . Consistent weighing results every time I step on these scales.Purchased through Amazon and delievery was actually a day or so earlier than I expected .
 I received the iRobot Roomba Scheduler as a gift for Xmas this year . It 's probably the best Xmas gift I 've received since 2000 . First , let me state that my buddy has one and he had already instructed me in its use . So I was n't ignorant of its capabilities and limitations . If you 've never owned a Roomba before , please read carefully .1 -RRB- Handle the Roomba with care . Sorry , this product is not made to military specifications and you should NOT abuse it . It 's made with plastic and rubber and it will NOT withstand a lot of abuse .2 -RRB- The Roomba scheduler comes with a quick charger base . Keep the battery contact points on the scheduler and the Roomba unit CLEAN . Use a paper towel and some rubbing alcohol if needed . If the contact points are dirty , it will NOT engage and charge .3 -RRB- Your room needs to be made `` Roomba Friendly '' . This means , you might have to re-arrange your furniture a bit , pick up any items left on the floor , tidy up , and use cable fasteners on those electric or A/V cables laying about .4 -RRB- Before using the Roomba for first time , use your regular vaccum cleaner to clean the house . The Roomba vaccum has a small dust bin and even smaller filter . It 's really designed for maintenance cleaning and not for heavy duty jobs .5 -RRB- Set your Roomba to clean your room/house 2-3 times a week and empty the dust bin weekly or bi-weekly . Do n't forget to dust the filter . The Roomba is small and you should n't expect it to have a lot of suction power.Without the Roomba , I had to vaccum the house once a week . With the Roomba , I only need to vaccum the house once a month . The Roomba is NOT a perfect vaccum replacement . But it does make your life a LOT easier.What the Roomba lacks in suction power , it has a great `` grabbing '' power and the ability to roam under your bed . It 's great at picking up dust , hair , etc. and keeping your house looking nice and clean.The remote control is a bit cumbersome to use , but it does work . You can set the day -LRB- s -RRB- of the week and time of day for the roomba to clean . Try to use the Roomba under your supervision for first few times and see if it gets stuck anywhere . The unit is programmed to roam around in circles and straight lines . When it bumps into something it backs up and change direction . It 's not a particularly intelligent unit , but it works and wo n't fall down the stairs.For what I use it for , I give it 5 stars . But if you 're expecting a 100 % vaccum replacement , sorry . This is a `` 80-20 '' product that gets 80 % of the cleaning work done for you , but you still need to get off your butt to do the other 20 % .
 2006 was the year of the Specialty Roombas . Their `` high end upgrade '' for this year was the Intellibin option for their top of the line model , the Scheduler . We have 2 schedulers and love them , so I was intrigued by this intelli-bin . However , for an extra $ 20 , I actually consider this a BAD feature , not a good feature . here 's why.In essence you get the exact same robot as the Scheduler robot , which I love . However , they added on ONE light , which tells you if the bin is full . The theory here is that you 'll clean it when you see the light . However this is an awful theory ! Roombas need to be kept clean to run well . Even if there 's only a little dirt in there , if it 's a hair wrapped around something and you leave it in there , it 's going to wrap more and more tightly and start to damage parts . You need to give it a cleaning each day . Not a thorough , hefty cleaning , but a shake of the dust bin and a quick glance at the brushes . If it becomes a normal and natural part of your schedule , it 's really no big deal at all.I definitely think you should NOT have a dust bin light - and most definitely do not use it to know when to clean your Roomba . This would really lead to more Roomba issues ... which is n't good for the owners nor good for iRobot ! Roombas run wonderfully when they 're kept clean - and they break down quickly if allowed to fill with crud . As you might expect from any appliance . So by letting the Roombas fill up with more crud than they should , iRobot is going to get a bad reputation . Which is a shame.We did end up getting an intellibin when we had issues with one of our regular Roombas and had to send it in for repairs . Because the Roomba is such a hot item right now , and our failure was right before the 2006 holiday season , it was over 2 months and we still had n't gotten a replacement Roomba back . We called and complained , and they sent us off the Intellibin version as a free upgrade . It works exactly the same as the Scheduler , and I kept waiting for the bin full light to light up . The bin was * stuffed * full of junk and it kept going . Eventually after a few runs it did light up , but I really question how well the suction could have been working by then . I really would much rather just empty it after each run - it 's a 20 second job - vs waiting for the light to light up and having the Roomba 's performance suffer as a result.My verdict - get the regular Scheduler which is * Awesome * and keeps our home incredibly clean . Ignore this improvement . It 's not worth the $ 20 and relying on it could actually cause you more trouble.A quick comment on cost - people easily pay $ 500 - $ 700 for a dishwasher , and think it an essential part of life . I certainly know I love my dishwasher . With a dishwasher , you still have to do certain things by hand - the fine crystal stemware , the large pots . Even so , the dishwasher makes your daily life easier . I consider a Roomba to be FAR better than a dishwasher , especially if you have pets . Every morning , all that pet hair and dander is just GONE . It makes my daily life - since I work at home and am breathing that air every second of the day - infinitely better and healthier . Roombas are cheaper , too !
 We have the Roomba Scheduler that is the version prior to this one -LRB- without the intellibin light -RRB- . Both hubby and I work so we are busy parents taking care of our 1 year old son . With that kind of a schedule , the Roomba is the best appliance we 've got around the house ! Its heaveanly coming home to a clean floor , no dust bunnies ever -LRB- we have two indoor cats -RRB- . Granted , the Roomba may not be for everybody . We have hardwood floors and rugs throughout the house and the Roomba excels in performance for our situation . I ca n't honestly tell you how it would work if you have wall-to-wall carpet or very high pile rug . You also have to be diligent about cleaning it , but it really only takes no more than 10 minutes of your time , if not less . That 's still a lot less time than I would do sweeping the house and vaccuming the rugs . One other thing as well
 I 'm OK with Robots taking over the world if they do n't mind doing my chores as well ! This robot is perhaps the best purchase I 've made in years . We have hardwood floors and pet hair tumbleweeds that we were not able to reach , but were able to see . Not only do we have clean floors now , but I barely have to do anything . Probably the only thing it does n't do is empty itself -LRB- you also have to occasionally make sure that the junk on your floor does n't clog the brushes -- just like any other vaccumme -RRB- . You also still have to pick up the stuff on the floor if you expect it to vaccume underneath , but it just gives us an excuse to keep our stuff tidy.Coming home each day to a clean house has been AWESOME ! I just ca n't wait until they get a robot that will clean the shower ...
 I schedule it when I am not home . It cleans the floor automatically for you . After it is done , it just know how to go back to the home base to recharge . Sometime , it might be stuck in somewhere , but after 1-2 times try out and rearrange stuff . It works perfectly . Highly recommend it .
 I got excited about 5min after opening the box ... most people laugh at the idea , but this thing is perfect for me ... i live in a decent sized apartment and always have unexpected guests ... all i did was set the schedule to to the thing on twice a week while at work ... lets see how that runs ... just for fun , as soon as i got it , i plugged thehomebase charger in , took the roomba to the opposite end of my apartment in another room ... pushed the `` find home '' buttons and within 5 min , it was charging it self ... . right now i have it running around the apt just to watch it . . its entertaining , circling around chair legs before its done going under furniture , stopping at lint and going over it again it till it gets picked up ... i dont know what to say ... ive had the thing for 5 hours , and im loving it ... whenever it goes over wires , it backs up and tries something else ... and the thing sounds like a remote control car ... maybe not even that loud ... i was expecting it to sound like a full blown vacumm . . not the case at all ... . just as a test i put a very thin cord about 6 inches long in its path to see what would happen ... the thing tries everything to get it from being stuck , then if it cant get it out . . it stops and makes little `` game over '' type sound effects ... this thing is good ... anyone who sees what its doing to my apt will wind up getting it . I will update this if anything changes . hope you get the same results !
 There were post office issues with the delivery of my product . I sent an e-mail to Amazon letting them know , and they had a replacement on my doorstep the next day . Really great customer service .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband who is an avid fan of the Clint Eastwood `` dollar '' films . It is a well made quality item of heavy wool and the green color mirrors that of the films ' poncho . The only problem is that the woven design , although accurate , is compressed lengthwise . However other ponchos I found that were `` perfect '' replicas cost three to six times more than this poncho . It was a good buy for a fun item . My husband loves it and it gives him a lot of enjoyment .
 Date
 My wife wanted a Clinteastwood DVD collecton for her birthday , and in looking up choices I happened upon the Clint Eastwood Collectables , Spaghettie Western Cowboy Poncho . It arrived promptly and was far more than I expected . It is beautifully made , very attractive and very reasonalbe priced for the quality of the product.JA in Santa FE
 I ordered this 3 days ago , and it arrived today . Straight out of the box you can see the quality of the workmanship . The photos do not do it justice . The fabric is woven tight and with care , the patterns are exact to the original and are woven so they appear on both sides . The color is spot on to the poncho in the films . Warm and comfortable this will look good either worn or draped over a couch . For the price it 's an excellent addition to your collection , especially considering other poncho replicas run around $ 400 - $ 600 . Well worth the buy if you 're a fan of the Man With No Name .
 The quality of the poncho exceeded what I expected . The decription is accurate , but does n't capture details like the extra reinforcing on the neck and tight weave . Whether on the back of me or the back of my couch , this is one that will last and gain character with time .
 I gave this poncho as a birthday gift to my husband . He loves it so much he wears it while he watches TV . Of course he falls asleep wearing it ! I recommend it highly .
 I ordered the Item after reading the other reviews some good some bad ... not exactly sure if I was going to be happy with the purchase ... the Item I received was just perfect ... the color of the weaving was just as it was pictured on the website although I went into this knowing that handmade means variations in color this was very good
 Ordered poncho which arrived in good order promptly . Nice wool poncho with leather reinforced neck . It is not olive green -LRB- as described by the seller -RRB- like the one worn by Clint Eastwood in spaghetti western trilogy -LRB- last time I viewed Good , Bad , and Ugly appeared more brown than green -RRB- . It does match most of my other apparel because it is black .
 I have been scrapbooking for 10 + years and I have always been searching to organize my paper ! This product did the trick . I love that it can roll around . I am not happily organized with my favorite papers at my finger tips ! Highly recommend !
 This cart is wonderful , also holds the large tote , which I use for all my 12 x 12 scrapbook papers . Easy to roll and great quality ! So happy I purchased this .
 This cart is very sturdy and easy to put together . I tried to use 12x12 files from Recollections -LRB- Michaels -RRB- and they do not fit . I found that the Cropper Hopper files would fit and are available online . I plan to purchase the appropriate size folders and then I will be very happy with my purchase .
 This product is exactly what I needed to hold my scrapbook paper and it slides right under my desk . It is heavy duty enough that it holds all my paper with no sagging or bending .
 Not sure what the bottom shelf was for since you ca n't use it due to the files hanging all the way to the bottom for 12x12 paper . Like that I can roll it around but would have perferred it to have some kind of handle to grab on to or if it was taller so you did n't have to bend over as much to push it where you want it . Other than that I really like having the mobility of it & that it fits the 12x12 paper nicely .
 I use these for my scrapbooking and it works perfect . It is so much easier to search through all my paper now and I have a lot more desk space free .
 I use my cart for holding my scrapbooking paper and I absolutely love it . It is sturdy and glides easily . I tend to over pack my carts and I have never had a problem with it . Currently I own two of these and take them to all my crops . I highly recommend it !
 This Boston Acoustics Recepter mono AM/FM clock radio comes in an attractive white color in a simple styling that will blend easily with most bedroom decors . It has a patented AM/FM digital tuner with 20 tuner presets for AM/FM stations , dual wakeup alarms , sleep timer , adjustable snooze , LCD display with dimmer , and a memory backup . It also sports an attached 4-foot FM wire antenna and a built-in AM antenna . The necessary three `` AAA '' batteries are included -LRB- even though it plugs into the wall , you must also have batteries -RRB- along with a 96 '' AC power cord . The patented tuner can find weak FM stations and its low distortion allows you to differentiate stations without static . This radio 's LCD display shows clearly the station , time , and alarm/sleep mode.You can go to sleep to pleasant bass music and then wake up to nice bass music . The radio 's sleep timer can be set to play the radio for a preset amount of time , then shut itself off . The sleep timer can be set for 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 or 60 minutes . This clock radio has two wake-up alarms which can be set to music , to the buzzer , or to both . Music can be sounded first , followed later by the buzzer which gets gradually louder until you switch it off . It is nearly impossible for someone who is not hearing-impaired to oversleep ! The snooze button will stop the alarm for 10 minutes . If you double-click the snooze button , you can add another 5 minutes to the snooze time , up to 60 minutes.In short , this is a clock radio built for lovers of bass music . And it 's priced for everyone . In addition , Amazon has deals on this radio that you ca n't find in most retail stores . I am happy to recommend this very nice clock radio .
 We had been looking for a radio for our bedroom for a while . Our pervious radio had difficulty receiving AM radio broadcasts . I prefer to awaken to talk radio rather than music so AM reception was a big issue . We had purchased s couple of brand named radios and none could pick up the AM station we listened to . I finally purchased the BA Recepter and was amazed that it locked onto the AM station immediately and never faltered ... even in the late evening hours when many stations reduce power.The sound of this radio is very pleasing . The talk stations are pleasant and very clear . Music from this radio is very nice too . The bass is ample and the sound is very full and musical . The controls are very easy to use and the battery backup is a nice feature in the event of a power failure . There are no adjustments for treble or bass ... so if you like to tinker with sound adjustments , this radio may not be right for you . I found the factory setting to be quite nice . The radio also includes a wire antenna that may be unrolled to improve FM radio reception . We let our 's fall behind the nightstand and the radio picks up all our local FM stations with no problem.The only downside to this radio is the illuminated display . It can be very bright in a dark room and may take some getting used to.We have since bought another one of these models for our kitchen and I am considering the BA Microsystem as we would like to have the ability to listen to CD 's ... although I hear that here are some serious issues with the reliability of the CD player .
 I bought this primarily as an alarm-clock-radio , so sound quality was not my main concern . So why did I shell out a hundred bucks for an alarm clock ? - It has a proper user interface ! To set the alarm I press one button and turn one knob -LRB- has acceleration -RRB- to choose the time . Period ! - When it wakes me in the morning and I do n't feel like getting up , which seems to be most of the time , snooze is ten minutes , much better than the usual 7 , and pressing snooze multiple times adds 5 minutes per press so I can really sleep in ! - The sound quality is excellent . I hesitated before buying because many reviewers complained about too-heavy bass , or bass distorting male voices . It sounds alright to me . If you do find the bass too strong plugging the bass reflex hole on the back reduces bass noticeably . - The display has just the right brightness on the lower setting . Viewing angles are excellent . - Auxiliary input is good to have in case I need it one day . - Dual alarms useful for couples or if you need waking from your afternoon nap . - Rarely used buttons are hidden under a flap . - I believe the clock problems mentioned by early reviewers have been resolved . - No battery required for battery backup , but see major flaw below ... Downsides : - In case of power failure an internal battery keeps the time and your settings , BUT THE ALARM WILL NOT SOUND . Can you say `` missed flight '' ? NOT GOOD . - High price . - The snooze button should be larger and placed closer to the front . - Large size.This is definitely a 5-star product , but the battery backup flaw forces me to give only four .
 There have already been a lot of postivite reviews , so I 'll just say I love it and leave it at that .
 A little heavy on the bass -LRB- which is not adjustable -RRB- but a good option for a small space or an area where you do n't want a lot of bright LEDs . The controls are intuitive and the design works very well in our kitchen .
 I have been using Orvus Paste concentrate daily since 2002 . It is a horse shampoo and so it is gentle . It does not contain brighteners or bleach . Most super market detergents contain brighteners which fade red and black garments quickly . Brighteners change and fade brighter colors as well . So , I use this for my dark and brights loads of clothing . I pre wash all quilting fabric with it . It is considered archival for fabrics as are many other soaps free of brighteners . I use 1T or so per load . If you accidently put too much in and get bubbles galore , quickly add 2T rubbing alcohol to kill the sudz . Alcohol is a mild acid so do n't use it unless it is necessary . I also dilute Orvus to wash my standard poodles . I add a few drops of essential oil of lavender to the doggie shampoo for fragrance . It is a wonderful simple product .
 Well made , solid , very practical . sauce come out delicious . Retain all the flavors !!! I 'll recommend this little pan too any one whose looking for good quality .
 I acquired three of these units between 1999 and 2001 from my American Express Rewards program . My significant other read all of the ozone concerns , so we bought the $ 10 ozone guard a year ago . The guards seem to be dishwasher safe . Cleaning the main units is still a pain . The collection grids can be removed and I carefully run water over them directly . However , do not reinsert them into the main unit until the grids are completely dry !! I still have n't found a great way to clean the main unit . One time I tried using a Q-Tip soaking in rubbing alcohol to get in between the slits . Then I realized that life was too short for such work . Now , I use a feather duster and force it through the slits . It 's still not easy , but if I do it every month , then the unit seems to stay and look somewhat clean.I did have two units stop working . In one instance , it was my fault . However , I was able to take both back to my local Sharper Image store and had new units instantly . The clerks never checked my receipt nor asked any questions . I have also heard that clerks will sell you an extended warranty for $ 20 and then replace your broken unit on the spot . This seems a good avenue for customer service . So if you have problems , try this approach before calling the company on the phone.Finally , I will comment that this unit worked spectacularly when we lived next door to a smoker . The smoke would seep through the walls -LRB- no kidding -RRB- and we had no solution that worked . Finally , I put the unit near the wall and left it on `` Hi '' all the time . Within a few hours the lingering smoke smell left forever . We also left a few months later . These units have made SEVEN moves ! I am a loyal user .
 I love this thing ! I could n't imagine life without it . I originally bought it over a year ago , because I was pregnant and already having children with allergies wanted to do what ever I could to eliminate these issues . First , let me say ... I wondered if it was working at all . The blue light was on , but no sound at all . After a week it started `` hissing '' , thus telling me to clean it . I could not believe the stuff this thing sucked out of the air . I was totally embarassed ! I never want to go without it again . There is one complaint that I have , the little blue light . It is so bright it actually lights up the living room , so if you need total darkness to sleep do n't use this in the bedroom . I would definately recommend this to anyone , and have recommended it to my mother !
 I purchased two of the Ionic Breeze Professionals with the added ultraviolet bulb that help to kill bacteria . Based on the amount of black gunk that collects on the metal grids each time I clean it , it must be working . I have read the Consumer Reports that it emits unhealthy ozone and the air does have that after a thunderstome smell , but I have not experienced any breathing problems . My wife is a very heavy smoker -LRB- unfortunately -RRB- and I think these units are removing a lot of the tobacco smell and particulates . Some reviews say the ozone emitted is so low , it is n't really a concern anyway . Not sure who is right . I have found that the low odor water based Goof Off in the orange spray bottle cleans the black gunk right off the grids . Spray on , let it sit for a minute , wipe off with paper towels , rinse off with water and be sure all parts are completely dry before re-assembling and turning the unit on again .
 I have had two Ionic Breezes to help with family allergies for over a year and for the most part they work great . One stopped working and they sent a new one without my having to send back the broken one first ! My complaint is that I have to clean the one in the living room at least weekly , rather than monthly as the company says . This may be because I live in New York City and keep the windows open , bringing in lots of dust . And I have a cat . Clean up is pretty simple and fast . The machine is indeed silent , it removes lots of dust and is inconspicuous . I think it improves the air quality quite a bit , of course , more when the windows are closed . It has helped a LOT with our allergies .
 I purchased the larger Quadra unit online more than 5 years ago , and I 've never had a problem with it ! Perhaps I 've been lucky not getting a lemon , but it 's been through 3 moves and my entire university career.I was originally reluctant to purchase it because of the steep price tag -LRB- $ 300 at the time -RRB- , and managed to find it for about $ 100 off somewhere . After a 1 month wait -LRB- I 'm in Canada , and it shipped from the US . Still an unusually long postage time . -RRB- it arrived . I yanked it out , plugged it in and turned it on . A nice light breeze wafted out of the front grille with that lightning storm smell . -LRB- You ca n't smell it past a 6-7 feet , and it probably works best in a larger 200-300 sq.ft room . -RRB- I should explain that I 've got pollen allergies , and this was the reason I purchased the unit . When at university , the apartment I was in did n't have air conditioning ... i.e. no filtered air ... so I figured that I 'd give this a try . Not only did my apartment become sneeze-free , but as long as I slept with it on in the bedroom , it allowed my body to `` de-tox '' and get rid of the allergens , so I 'd be able to go out the next day without any allergy symptoms . Actually , for the first year or so , it was in the living room , and my bedroom down the hall was still pretty much pollen-free ! 5 years later , it 's still working in my bedroom with the occassional static hiss -LRB- I ca n't be bothered to clean it weekly / monthly -RRB- and my seasonal allergies are nearly non-existent . Oh , that black icky stuff that people mention ? I think that 's the pollen and other nasties stuck to the ionising plates . There 's dust , too.It probably is n't the best dust-filter-remover thingy , but I does exactly what I bought it for !
 Mine picks up a lot of dust . I have to clean it every few days . The blades turns completely black . You must buy it with the ozone guard , otherwise it will be unhealthy . One great thing the unit does is get rid of bad smell . Once I forgot to open the fireplace vent when i lit the fire and smoke filled the house . I used it suck up all the dust and the smell . I was able to get back in my place to sleep that night without breathing problem . Of course i also needed to vacuum and clean all the surfaces . I think this unit is only helpful . The most important thing is to vacuum your carpet and to clean your house often .
 So far the air filter has exceeded my expections . . The purchaing experience through Amazon was great . . Godd service ... Good product
 Ionic Breeze SI397 works great , I now own three of these now . The first one is 8 years old , paid $ 180 at the time , I clean it out every 4 months , it collects much of those black nasty looking particles floating about even with the house closed up all the time . I ca n't see how Consumer Reports is right , the device really works . Never had a problem with it , works as advertised .
 I 've had my unit for a year now . Yes , it does work . All you need to do is look at the blades and see that it collects alot of dark black particles out of the air that you would be breathing into your body . I also have a Bionaire filter cleaner that does not work nearly as well and is alot noisier . The only negative to the Ionic Breeze is the ESD it gives off that affects any electronic products nearby . Keep it away from stereos , tv 's , computers etc. . I think I damaged by DSL modem by placing the IB next to it .
 I live in the dorms ... . this thing keeps my room from smelling like I do , it has 3 speeds , none of them are very impressive , very minimal air flow , but for running completely silent what can you expect ? cleaning is a breeze just run the slides under water .
 I bought the Ionic Breeze for our young daughter who has dust allergies . This product was very helpful to her , and her colds and ear & sinus infections decreased . I would recommend it for someone with a dust allergy as she has . Yes , it does need frequent cleaning - that is not a big deal . I am surprised with all the complaints of having to clean the dust off . We have had ours for 6 to 7 years with no problems . She is off to college now , and I will be buying her one for the dorm room .
 I have had 3 of these running for the last few years and have n't had a single problem wih them . also I love them for the way they have made the air bearable . I had odors from glues paints and pesticides and that is all gone . I can even go through the winter without opening windows every day . I used to sleep with my nose pointed at the cracked window.Maintenance is easy , quick and undemanding . I thought I would have to clean them every day , and it is not anywhere near that . You do have to take care of them by cleaning and turning it upside down a few times when you clean . Also it is a help to vacuum the slits every few cleanings . It does pull everyting in the air through and zaps it to make the soot people do not seem to like , but that 's what was in the air.And it is silent !!!
 My wife and son have asthma and we have owned many of the Sharper Image Ion Breeze machines over the years . Two of them died recenntly after years of use . We have the ozone protector attachements that A Sharper Image provided free of charge before they started building it in . It 's a shame they closed all their stores . We have one in almost every room in the house and my wife is very sensitive and she loves them . You need to clean themm regularly by wiping down the elements and turn it over several times to clean the wires and also blow canned air through the machines to keep them clean inside.It seems a lot of people either love these or hate them and I say they have worked great for us . We have had only one problem where one started to burn inside and we 're lucky we smelled the melting plastic . A Sharper Image replaced it free of charge . Boy I miss that store in the mall . I do n't write a lot of reviews here , but I though I would share some positive experience with Sharper Images Ionic Breeze air purifiers .
 LOVE THIS MACHINE ! YOU DO N'T HAVE TO BUY FILTERS , YOU JUST CLEAN THE METAL STRIPS ONCE EVERY SEVERAL MONTHS . GREAT INVENTION !!!
 I really like this product just wish I had bought 4 or 5 when they were on sale .
 I have the larger version SI637 Quadra and I LOVE IT !!! It removes smoke smell and makes the house just smell fresh and clean . It is amazing how much dirt is collected on the grid and it is so easy to clean .
 We 've had the purifier for a year now and it has made a huge difference for me . I have severe allergies to dust and thanks to the ionic breeze I have been off my preccription allergy medication -LRB- both pills and eye drops -RRB- for almost a year too . I would have never bought this myself , I never even watch infomercials of any sort . We got this as a gift , and decided to give it a try before selling it on eBay - I was really surprized by how much better my breething and my eyes felt . In fact , if there is a short power outage and the purifier goes off -LRB- which I do not notice because it is quiet -RRB- I can feel my allergies comming back in a few days - this is how i know to check the purifier and turn it back on .
 I highly recommend this product to asthmatics and allergy sufferers . We have both in out family and this technology has contributed greatly to our comfort in a variety of climates and environments.Although my most recent purchase was the Ionic Breeze v. 3.0 -LRB- the compact version -RRB- our family 's first exposure to the product was seven or eight years ago when we bought several full-sized units for our business . Like many office buildings , ours had too little fresh air circulating into the various areas of the offices , and employees were becoming more vulnerable to respiratory ailments as the years went by . -LRB- This took place in New York . -RRB- Within a couple of days of installation of the Ionic Breeze units the employees who were the most sensitive to air quality -LRB- including my spouse , the owner -RRB- experienced a marked change in the ease of their breathing.We were sold on the product and immediately bought more units for the house , which was over 60 years old with plaster walls and both a wood-burning fireplace and a woodstove ; we had need for more air cleaning all winter . -LRB- Our central A/C unit was `` superfiltered '' but generally only ran June-August . -RRB- Now we live in Houston , Texas , and the air quality problems are entirely different . The combination of rain and heat and generally high humidity contribute to high pollen counts during the warm weather and mold when it 's cool . We bought two compact units for the house , and we have had no respiratory problems in 9 months , even through allergy season.The only drawback to the units -- and it is as noticeable in the smaller as it was in the larger -- is that a working unit can give off a slight acrid , almost `` burned '' odor as it filters particles out of the air and emits ozone . We had a group of people here the other day and somone noticed the smell and asked if some bit of paper was burning . I have gotten so used to it that I did n't identify the source until later . I do not find it unpleasant , it simply confirms that the unit is doing its job and cleaning the air we are breathing.If you need help with air quality , these units will , in my experience , live up to their claims .
 This item is excellent . Prior to getting this item I would have to open my window a little at night in order to breathe . That gets tough in the winter time because it makes the room too cold . Since I got the Ionic Breeze I do n't have to open my window at night . I have sinus problems and the Ionic Breeze helps me to breathe clearly . I highly recommend it to anyone !
 Received the unit and the ad said &#34; like new &#34; - well it was definitely like new and works perfectly.Great buy .
 I know that the plural of anecdote is not data , but I had a striking experience today that has me pretty well convinced that these things mean business.I got a couple of these air purifiers years ago , because I was tired of having to spend money replacing filters . I ran them for a while , but I was n't sure what , if anything , they were doing , so when I 'd need an outlet , they 'd get unplugged and never plugged back in and ... you know how stuff that 's not used drifts into corners and gathers dust.Fast forward to today . Something in the air this summer is killing my allergy/asthma mix of doom . It 's been epic . I 've been coughing and having trouble breathing for months . Heavy duty antihistamines help , but they knock me out . Today , once again , I was having an allergy attack , and it was bad . I was desperate , but I was also tired of feeling drugged . So I tracked down the two units I had and plugged them both in near where I was sitting to do their thing . The attack subsided , and I fell asleep -LRB- the coughing has been keeping me awake lately , too -RRB- . Fast forward a couple hours more . I got up and went to the kitchen to get something to drink , and within seconds , I was coughing again . I 've been sitting in my zone of fresh air for a while , coughing is gone , allergy attack is mostly gone . Given that plugging them back in was an act of desperation and I did n't actually expect them to have much of an effect -- this is pretty incredible.They also have gotten rid of the smell of a litter box that 's only a few feet away from me.I 'm knocking off a star because they 're a pain in the butt to clean . They collect dust like you would n't believe -LRB- which I guess is better than me breathing it -RRB- , and cleaning the little slits that it uses for intake can get pretty involved , depending on how clean you want them .
 I originally spent the substantial amount to purchase two Ionic Breeze air purifiers given my allergies and I am a smoker . They were so effective I purchased a third along with another product claiming the same performance results . The Ionic Breeze products far out perform the other products so I will continue to replace existing Ionic Breezes with the same , should the originals become non performing . cmf , Happy User
 I 've been messing with a French press coffee maker for about 6 months and have been disappointed with the results and the lack of `` hotness '' . I saw this little 4-cup coffeemaker on sale at Meijers for $ 9.95 and picked it up on a lark . Had to buy a box of filters because none were included . When I got home I washed it out as directed and immediately brewed a mug -LRB- 2 cups -RRB- . Could n't be more delighted with the results . The coffee was just the right temperature and brewed to perfection . Have been using the Mr. Coffee for about 3 months and have had no trouble with it what-so-ever . Therefore , I highly recommend this machine . I boxed up the French press and will give it away .
 Ordered this little coffee maker for our travel trailer . So far it has been excellent and brews quickly . It is simple with no frills and that is what I was looking for . The little paper filters are easy to find and I really like the double side windows that show the water level . Matter of fact I liked it so much that I bought a larger version for the home .
 This coffee maker has been used every single morning for at least 10 years . This summer I took it on a camping trip . Somehow the drinking water container leaked and I found my Mr. Coffee floating in the plastic box in which it was being transported . Figured it was toast and just left it out the rest of the week where it got rained on many times . After returning home I let it dry out , plugged it in , and it works perfectly . I want a new one but this little fella just wo n't give up the ship .
 Very good coffee maker , it 's simple and does the job well.I give Amazon.com 5 STARS for customer service . First coffee maker arrived with damaged pot.Amazon sent me a new coffee maker with no questions asked , before I could ship the old one back.Overall very happy .
 The Mr Coffee - 4 cup coffeemaker arrived as promised ... packaged well . It is just right for one person and fits nicely on the kitchen counter . I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a couple of mugs of coffee ... it brews quickly and stays hot .
 I 've had this coffee maker for well over ten years and have been very happy with it . This morning I switched it on , and nothing happened -- it turned out an internal element had finally snapped . I 'm re-purchasing the same one .
 I bought this little coffeemaker two years ago and make coffee in it about 5 mornings per week . It has been dependable and does n't make a mess .
 A nice small coffee maker for the one coffee drinker in this household . My only complaint is that it does not seem to turn off automatically .
 I am a self proclaimed coffee snob with the tastes of Starbucks , coffee and high-end Cuisinart and Krups makers.The price was so good at walmart on this one , I had to try it - and I 'd been looking for a cute little 4 cup , so I could have caffinated in one pot and decaf in another.Had tried Mr coffee in the past and not liked it . Got it home an made my 1st 4 cups . It brewed a perfect pot , without leaks . The caraffe poured with no spills on the counter.Cheap , small , cute , lightweight and brews a good pot . I am pleased
 I got my little 4 cup brewer as a high school graduation present . This thing has made it through the dorms , through several apartments and terrible roommates , and finally into my new home ! I have had this thing for over 6 years and it is still completely fabulous . It is so easy to use , and has never given me any problems . I do n't even clean it as often as I should and the quality of the coffee is still excellent . I am going to be sad when it comes time to stop using this , because it 's so easy to use and makes great coffee ! I would definitely recommend this to anyone . It was perfect for the small dorms and perfect for a home .
 This is an amazing little pot . It brews fast , no leaking and the coffee tastes great !! I have been using it for 3 months now and no problems so I got my mom one and she loves it !! Great for those days when you only want a little coffee .
 I looked a long time before finding this coffee maker . It is one of the few -LRB- if the only -RRB- that you can modify slightly so you do n't get steam burns on the top of your wrist . We Americans have the unusual motor habit of bending our wrist in an unnatural way to pour something , so coffee pots are made with the spout 180 degrees from the handle . To be able to pour by rotating your wrist instead of bending it , you can loosen one screw and relocate the handle so is 90 degrees from the spout . You can relocate it right or left depending on whether you are right - or left-handed . It makes good coffee , too.One caveat
 Mr. Coffee 's main feature is the brew temperature is right , its not excessively hot , so coffee is not bitter . While Mr. Coffee 's are made cheaply , its reasonable to get 5 years or more from each . Since the unit moves hot water around , its only a matter of time past its design life before a hose fails , a heating element burns out , the plastic body crack from age or the power switch reach its designed lifetime.I 've seen other drip makers with friends or hotels , and the same beans I use on my Mr. Coffee taste 's sharp in their machines , is too hot to drink at times , suggesting its overheated and thus , over extracted.I had this coffee maker for over 7 years and unlike others , it never leaked.In its 5th year , the power ON light died . 2 years later , the switch would make light sparks , until one day , the switch fell apart , exposing the metal connectors . A switch like this costs about 50c , but it can only be found in specialized electronics stores with $ 5-10 S/H costs . Consumer grade switches are typically rated for 10,000-50 ,000 activations , and for the 7 years I used it 2-3 daily , or 4-6 actuations -LSB- one for on , one for off -RSB- , that 's 15,000 , within its ball park.The heating pad did flake off much of its black colored paint , to expose a bare aluminum color , but it did n't stop it from working . They should just leave it uncolored ! It looks better.This design has a swing door that is functional , but less convenient . Newer Mr. Coffee designsMr . Coffee TF5 4-Cup Switch Coffeemaker , Blackhave removable grind baskets which have a spring trap so you can pour a cup before the final drips are done ; its also easier to clean and load.Commercial grade coffee makers last over 20 years , and I 'd rate those 5 stars . So 4 stars for Mr. Coffee is n't too bad .
 I bought mine from the local Navy Exchage . This thing has lasted through three government moves . It does n't get much more basic than this . Just fill the pot to the line , pour into the resivour in the back , add coffe and filter into the basket and flip it on . Better yet do it before bed , and flip the switch on when you wake up . The only bad coffee I 've had out of this was when I bought a bad blended coffee.I would highly recommend this to someone who does n't need alot of coffee or the extra bells and whistles.I 've seen reviews on here about coffee grinds getting into the resivour and the pot . This is either a result of the basket being in backwards -LRB- I learned it the hard way -RRB- , accedently putting in more than one filter , or simply spilling the grinds when loading the filter.This this is just the stripped downed bare essential basic coffee maker , and it performs great as long as you do n't expect it to do more than make good coffee .
 I bought this for a friend of mine because they know how much I like mine . I take this `` mini '' Mr. Coffee every time I go on vacation . I know my friend will love it too .
 This little vacuum is `` Great '' !! Light to handle , easy to use and no bags . Spill a drink - no problem , grab your `` Vac '' plug in the 20 foot cord and vacuum the spill in seconds . The unit steams stains away , then vacuums up the dirt with the water . Has an adjustable steam control , move from low-intensity to high-intensity for those stubborn messy stains . It was designed by Sharper Image .
 This is an often maligned product that really works if it 's applied to the right chore . If your trying to steam an entire carpet , this is not the answer . I used it for only one purpose - pet soiling on carpeting . Vomit , urine and stools can be picked up or blotted up but then what do you do with the days old stain and dried up gunk embedded in the carpet ? There is no alternative product that steams and loosens and then wet vacs up everything so that the carpet area looks like new again . You can buy a separate steamer and a separate wet vac and they would probably do the job better but at a much higher cost and inconvenience . If you have very young or older pets and you need to clean up after them this product does it all really well in one hand held handy unit . The problem is , it 's no longer sold via Sharper Image . They 're not around anymore . Try buying one from a disgruntled owner who does n't realize what a gem he 's got.There is a down side - eventually you need to clean the plastic holder out and that 's a smelly chore . Still , there is nothing out there that does this specific job as well and as easily .
 I recieved my steam Wizzard vacume yesturday and I sooo Glad I ordered it . The steam at first takes a bit to get started and it does drip water out -LRB- when ur done steaming use the vacume to clean up the water that dripped out :-RRB- thats what i did -RRB- while its warming up but when the water is warm enough the steaming works great i used it on my couch to remove an accident left by my neice . Steamed it , vacumed it and it came out very well !
 My new vacuum looks like a more streamlined version of my old vacuum and has much improved design features although the suction seems a little weaker . Works great for smaller spots or stains , and excellent for dog stains . I may want another for my other home which has the older model .
 I just bought this thing from Amazon and all I can sayis WOW !!!! This is probably the best purchase I have ever made.This thing is everything I ever expected and more !! It ` svery easy to use as well!I have bought other brands before , and this one justblows everything else out of the water ! I have to say , everyone out there who is thinking of buying this , stopthinking . I bought it and I am extremely happy with itthe moment I powered this thing on . YOU ABSOLUTELYPOSITIVELY CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS PURCHASE ! IGUARANTEE IT !!!
 I have been looking for blue to add to my Christmas decorations ! This is a very unique shape of decoration . I think I will get one for my own use .
 great price and exactly what I wanted , she got a kick out of it , -LRB- for my sister for her CRNA graduation -RRB- thanks !
 Contrary to other reviews I have seen on this product , I really like them . They are unique enough that those I give these to really think they are cool enough to use on their reception desk . I add a little round button on it with my logo printed on and it personalizes it and makes it a great gift in Networking meetings or for give-aways . It is nice to have a gift to give that actually `` relates '' to the Architectural Field rather than most of the awful pens out there to give away - or God-forbid a gift card with someone elses business on it.On a couple of the other reviews , it was mentioned that the weight inside moves around - I have had a couple that came like that , but all I did was squirt a little glue in with the weight and problem solved .
 Tired of your typical ugly paperweight ? This is the answer . Really fun and clever paperweight . Cool design and gets the job done .
 I love this sauce whisk . It 's comfortable to hold while whisking and easy to clean . I highly reccomend getting one for yourself .
 These Signature Housewares Boscoware mugs are great -- heavy glazing , large size , sturdy , and stylish.The shipper , however , did a horrible job of packing them . Six of the 18 mugs were broken.Fortunately , 1/3 of the price was refunded to me . However , apparently there are no more of these mugs available , and I 'd wanted all 18 . Sigh .
 I bought the EZ Can Crusher and Recycler 4 years ago . I love it . Wish I 'd had it for longer than the 4 yrs . I have . It 's easy to crush the cans flat , and they fall right into the collection bin . I have the bin lined with a plastic garbage bag , so all I have to do is pull the bag , close it and off to the recycle center I go . No mess . For years I used a can crusher mounted on a post on the patio , and had to crush the can then drop in a plastic garbage bag , then move the bag to an out of the way location and do the process all over again until I had the bag full . No more . This unit is all self contained . Hard plastic receptable , easy to clean , durable . If this one ever wears out , I 'd definitely want another .
 I bought an EZ Can Crusher many years ago and it performed beautifully for nearly a decade . I liked it so much that when our first one broke I ordered a new one on Amazon to replace it . It as kept our break room clean , is easy to maintain , and is built to last .
 I have this product for a couple of years now . It is great because it holds so many cans . Easy to wash out after coming back from the recyle center . Nice workout for your hands and arms when you have a lot of cans to crush after a party .
 I just ordered a new one to replace the one I 've been using for 12 years . The crusher handle finally broke , but I 'm not complaining because I never expected it to last so long . We probably crush an average of 8 cans a day X 365 X 12 years , so by my calculations we have crushed roughly 35,000 cans with this unit . It has paid for itself many times over with the money we collect from the recycler . We line the container with heavy-duty contractor bags so it does n't get gross inside . When I have a pickup load of bags piled up , we then head to the recycle station and come away with 80 to 90 bucks . There is a little bit of a learning curve when you first use it because it crushes the can in a unique way . You lay the can on its side , and it crushes the can on the side and folds the ends over . Then when you lift the handle , it spits the can into a slot . After you figure it out , you do n't even think about it ... it 's automatic . Every once in awhile , you 'll need to clean the crusher lid 'cause the pop or beer can leaks a little sometimes . There are little holes below the can slot to keep it from spilling down the side . It is built like a commercial unit , something a business lunch room would use . It kind of surprised me when it broke . I thought it would last forever ! I highly recommend this product .
 Love this quilt . Perfect for cool nights from spring through fall.Photo is accurate in color and design . Quality is excellent .
 By nature , I am not a huge `` pink '' person , but that was the only color available in a small , and the price was unbelievable . The cut is quite generous , however it fits as it should
 I do n't cook but I wear this chef jacket to work . I work at a middle school and I have told the children several times that I failed Home Economics . Wearing this jacket is irony and the children get it . On a completely different note , the jacket is comfortable and the color is vibrant . It also fits well .
 As a home chef and someone who loves entertaining it was fun to get the complements from our guests about my jacket . Not only was the meal special but so was I.
 Great price . It is HUGE but will make a great craft product when we alter it .
 This gives the simple uncluttered looking I wanted & was easy to install . Perfect if you are looking for ease & simplicity .
 I bought two of the Vollrath Dishers - Yellow No # 20 and Red No # 24 . I can compare them to the OXO Good Grips Trigger Ice Cream Scoop - purchased recently - and similar in design.-Both the OXO and the Vollrath cost about the same.-The OXO is of noticeable lower quality . The trigger mechanism bends easily and the spring is much weaker than the Vollarth . While the handle 's grip is nice on the OXO the overall build of the OXO is poor.-The Vollrath is made of heavier metal and stronger construction.-The Vollrath 's blade inside the scoop is stronger and does n't wiggle around . The blade swings across the entire scoop unlike the OXO . Clearly the Vollrath is better made.-The Vollrath color coded handels are nice and they are also stamped with the size -LRB- # 24 -RRB- on the metal trigger.For baking , ice cream or general use - I really like the Vollrath and will buy more of the different sizes as I need them.A + product .
 Next time will go with the size 12 -LRB- green -RRB- in the event that I buy more of these as gifts . But really no complaints , this is a great ice cream scooper .
 This is a very nice quality disher . I was hesitant to buy because of the cost , but I went by what other reviewers said . Glad I did . We use it for ice cream , and I plan to get other sizes/colors of this disher , to scoop other things too .
 I needed a silicone coated whisk for a cooking class and did not have time to get to the store and get one . Seller provided amazingly fast service of the exact product that I wanted ; very happy
 I bought two of the Vollrath Dishers - Yellow No # 20 and Red No # 24 . I can compare them to the OXO Good Grips Trigger Ice Cream Scoop - purchased recently - and similar in design.-Both the OXO and the Vollrath cost about the same.-The OXO is of noticeable lower quality . The trigger mechanism bends easily and the spring is much weaker than the Vollarth . While the handle 's grip is nice on the OXO the overall build of the OXO is poor.-The Vollrath is made of heavier metal and stronger construction.-The Vollrath 's blade inside the scoop is stronger and does n't wiggle around . The blade swings across the entire scoop unlike the OXO . Clearly the Vollrath is better made.-The Vollrath color coded handels are nice and they are also stamped with the size -LRB- # 24 -RRB- on the metal trigger.For baking , ice cream or general use - I really like the Vollrath and will buy more of the different sizes as I need them.A + product .
 Next time will go with the size 12 -LRB- green -RRB- in the event that I buy more of these as gifts . But really no complaints , this is a great ice cream scooper .
 This is a very nice quality disher . I was hesitant to buy because of the cost , but I went by what other reviewers said . Glad I did . We use it for ice cream , and I plan to get other sizes/colors of this disher , to scoop other things too .
 I love this thing ! It works great for eggs , but I also use it to slice mushrooms and strawberries . I bet it would work well for kiwi too , just have n't tried it yet :-RRB- I hate gadgets that you can only use for one thing , so this one has earned a spot in my kitchen .
 We are very satisfied with this buffet . It matches another piece of furniture -LRB- hardware and style -RRB- ... we had for a few years which we purchased from another website and was surprised to find this ! The company has good prices and is decent quality . We would buy from them again if we need to .
 It 's a simple , clean , and elegant medium-size bowl . It has a slightly metallic ring when you tap it against another solid object , as one would expect from a real ceramic bowl . It does not feel flimsy yet it 's not heavy .
 It works perfectly . It was a little smaller than I had hoped , but the other features make up for that . The temperature control actually does what it says -LRB- unlike so many other waffle makers ! -RRB- , and the 2.5 minutes is as fast as you can ask for . It did n't hurt my feelings that you can store it upright to save cupboard space either .
 My grandson loves this bed ! It 's durable and tough , which is important for a two-year-old 's room ! It 's safe , not like some flimsy toddler beds that can come apart . We love it .
 I bought this bed to see if my 1 year old will sleep in his own bed instead of mine . We have been co-sleeping since he was born and it was time for him to go on his own to sleep . He hated hated hated his crib . You could n't get him to sleep in it for more than 20 minutes on any given time . I finally told my husband that we had to switch beds -LRB- even though the crib did convert to a toddler bed it was still a no go for my son -RRB- . My son is the BIGGEST Lightning McQueen fan . We watch that movie all day on loop cause he just has to see the movie all over again once its finished . When we built the bed he was so excited he did n't want to leave his room -LRB- his room is Cars themed -RRB- . At night when it was time for bed he was so excited to lay down on his bed that I told him to stay in his bed while I prepare him his bottle . My son 's exact words
 This toy is very affordable but not cheap , the pieces together seem very sturdy . It was easy to put together . I carried it through the house by the side after I put it together and did not have any problems with it coming apart or pieces moving . It is just as it looks in the picture and the crib mattress fits perfectly in the space allotted . I put 5 stars on educational even though it 's not educational because I did n't want to put any low ratings on this product and no one expects a bed to be educational . Beautiful !
 We got this bed for our 2.5 year old . he loves it , sleeps well in it . putting it together was pretty easy , in some places the picture does n't line up perfectly , but it 's not too big of a deal , esp . for the price . It 's a pretty sturdy bed , but I would n't let my son jump on it .
 We purchased this bed for my son when he was a toddler . The bed is very durable and very easy to put together . I would recommend this to anyone ! In fact , my son is not almost 5 and has long grown out of this bed , but I ca n't seem to get rid of it !
 this was a wonderful wooden bed that was easy to assemble . i enjoy the it was made . a good beginning bed for any toddler .
 There are a couple of reviews on here of poor quality , but I do n't know what they are talking about . The bed is very sturdy , and was easy to put together . The rails are the perfect height and my son loves it . It is nice and low to the ground for him to get in and out of . The best part is that it is just about the same size as the crib mattress which fits our small space perfectly .
 It 's a good , durable bed for a young boy ! lol My 4 year old loves Lightening McQueen and loves this bed .
 This bed is sturdy , easy to assemble and adorable ! It is not bulky so does not take up much space . The sides are just high enough so your little one who may be converting from a crib does not easily fall out of bed . I would definitely recommend . It has made bedtime fun for my toddler !
 When I purchased this bed in early January it was only $ 74.00 + $ 28.00 in shipping . The bed seems to be good quality . The picture does n't show that the bed comes with the number 95 that you are supposed to screw into the side of the bed for a 3-d effect . For some reason both sides for our bed had the screw go through the number . It was n't really a big deal , but something to watch out for . Bed was very close to the size of a crib mattress-which was what I was looking for because I do n't have a lot of space . My child loves it though ! I got him some cars sheets and he was more than happy to give up his crib for the new baby .
 My boyfriend and I bought his 21/2 yr old boy this bed . He absolutely loves it . This was the perfect cure to get him to start sleeping alone in his own bed . You all know what I mean ! These kiddos grow so fast and start to take up all the room in our beds : -RRB- Ha ! I ca n't believe people actually write about this being difficult to put together . ITS SO EASY ! Just need a screw driver and about a half hour . Only thing I will say is I did n't see anywhere that stated this did not include a crib size mattress . But then again I may have looked over it . Overall this was a perfect gift . We all love it and still can squeeze in it to read him a bedtime story .
 This wooden `` car '' bed has been a hit with our toddler son . He has n't had any trouble adjusting to it from a crib , and he has n't had problems with rolling out of bed . A previous review that I read mentioned that the sides of the bed were hard and/or hurt , but this has n't been a problem for our son up to this point . We have had the bed for about a month and have had no trouble with it .
 very nice car bed my son is 3 years old and he really likes his new car bed and it was pretty easy to put together i highly recommend this car bed to all the people out there looking for a car bed
 I bought this bed because my toddler son was climbing out of his crib at will -LRB- 22 months -RRB- . I wanted to prevent a possible fall , so I decided to switch to a toddler bed . What a great product this is . Priced right for a fairly temporary bed 2 or 3 years or so . It shipped in the original packaging , about 40lbs or so . Its built of MDF wood . Its fully painted with the likes of Lightning McQueen and is a very fun looking bed . Assembly is required and simple , just took a phillips head and flathead screwdriver and about 20 minutes . Its solid and does not seem rickety or poorly made . Standard toddler crib mattress fits perfect . I also bought the Cars 4 pc comforter set which matches perfectly . The bed has slightly raised sides , enough to keep your child from a simple roll over and is about 12-14 inches from the floor . The bed is made from wood , so it is hard . If your child likes to jump around in bed they may possibly fall on an edge and get hurt . Not that jumping in the crib is safe either . My sons reaction was shock , lol . He was n't sure if it was a toy or a bed . He warmed up to it within minutes after he surveyed the whole thing , then proceeded to push us away from his bed declaring `` go ! '' it is his lol . He slept just fine the first night and he easily navigated in and out on his own . He turns around alot and I 've had him fall out once and was no big deal , he cried for a few seconds from the scare and went back to sleep , since then -LRB- 1 week -RRB- he fully adjusted to it and sleeps perfectly . He runs to it for bedtime and pulls his covers up and goes to sleep ... Great product and my kid loves it .
 My nephew loves his new bed and thinks it is a real car.Very durable bed . I would recommed this product to any parent .
 My wife and I looked at several of these `` Cars '' themed beds for our grandson . After reading several positive reviews on Amazon , we got this one.Well made , all parts in box , quick to assemble -LRB- 45 minutes -RRB- - and most importantly , it made my little man very happy . He `` wanted '' to go to take a nap and to sleep at night while we had him for a few days.No reservations about recommending this bed product . It even makes me smile looking at the darn thing .
 Suprised with the quality and durablity . For the money you ca n't beat it . This is a great transitional bed for you little one .
 I absolutely love this bed . It is perfect for my son and affordable . All the plastic car bed 's were like $ 200.00 . My son loves it too and loves sleeping in his bed which he would n't do before . I would highly recommend this bed !
 My son really enjoys having this bed instead of his convertible crib . It is a very simple product ... just 4 pieces of wood connected at their corners . The only gripe I have is that the top edges are very sharp . I wish they 're were rounded . Any contact while getting in & out of this bed without being careful may produce skin abrasions .
 This bed came really quickly and my husband , who is not necessarily gifted in assembly , put it together by himself in less than an hour , and did n't yell ! :-RRB- The bed is really sturdy , looks to be of high quality -LRB- more so than those plastic cheap looking ones I 've seen online -RRB- and the cost was great ! I was a little bit worried about the sides not being high enough to keep my 22 month old boy who moves a lot in his sleep , from falling out but so far he has slept well every night he 's used it . If a kid falls out of a bed when it 's only a foot off the ground , what 's the big deal anyway ? Everyone who has seen the bed has loved it and I feel like I have a $ 300 bed in his room the way it looks . So glad we did n't go with the plastic kind !
 I bought this bed for my 2yr old and was abit afraid that it would have been too small but boy was i wrong ... . it 's perfect , he loves it , i 'm not too sure who loves it more he or his dad cause we came and found him -LRB- dad -RRB- laying on the bed all comfy.I love the fact that it low and he can climb in and out of the bed he wishes , also because of the depth of the frame the mattress goes all the way down creating a safety rail on the sides so he wo n't fall out of bed once asleep . Once again i love it ! i love it and would recommend it for any two yr old who is into cars
 My 2 year-old LOVES this bed!It was easy to build and his crib mattress fits snugly in the frame . It is a great starter bed for a toddler ... now , if I could only keep my mischievious son in bed at night ...
 This Cars bed is easy to assemble , and looks great . There is a good raise on either side at the top 1/3 of the bed , to help keep your toddler from rolling out . My MIL insisted on padding these sections , and you might agree . The standard crib mattress fits just fine . Assembly time was around 30 minutes , and it is guaranteed to please your toddler .
 it 's very easy to assemble , looks great and is very sturdy . my 2 yr old son LOVES cars -LRB- not specifically the movie , just cars in general -RRB- so he loves his new bed . the only problem i have is that my son moves alot in his sleep -LRB- as do i lol -RRB- so he hits his head on the sides , so if you get this bed , it might be a good idea to get a few extra pillows . it is a great bed though , and i do plan to keep it since i found a solution that works for him .
 We knew it was time to ditch the crib and move our 25 month old to a big boy bed and really wanted a car themed room . I looked all over and read countless reviews before finally settling on this one . I liked that it was made of wood and not the cheap plastic some are and the price was great . It was delivered really fast and my husband had it together in no time . My little guy adores the bed and it made the transition from crib to bed SO easy . He climbs right in and goes to sleep . The bed looks great and really goes with the decor in his room so perfectly . I would highly recommend it to anyone!So far in the two nights he has slept in it no issues with him falling out . I 'm sure if you had a really active sleeper they possibly could but like the other reviewer pointed out it 's only a foot off the floor so it 's not really a big deal . And as someone else suggested if you really needed to you could leave the slats out so the mattress sits further down into the bed and eliminates the chance of them rolling out . But , for us it has n't been an issue at all .
 great bed . it is heavy enough the kids ca n't pick it up and break it . for the price , you ca n't pass on this bed .
 We love this bed !!! It was really easy to put together and it didnt take long at all !!! My son loves the bright colors too !!! It seems very stable even though I did not put the slats in . I left them out so that the mattress could sit on the floor , by doing this I have more of a side to it so my son doesnt fall out ! I would buy this again , its wonderful !!!!
 My great grandson loves his new car bed . he invites Everyone who visits his house to see his car bed . He only talks in few word sentences but explains the numbers the tires the lights.His Parents are pleased with the bed also . At first they were not so sure because he wanted to drive -LRB- make car sounds -RRB- . when they ignored him after tuck in and stories , he often drove himself to sleep.A good Purchase.James
 Absolutely adorable . Very sturdy . Great that we can use the crib mattress instead of purhasing a special mattress . Very easy to put together . My grandson absolutely loves it .
 My son loved the bed ... the only concern is the side railings are a little higher than the mattress and that is and will be a concern as the child tosses and turns the chances of hitting against it are more . We covered the railing with a thick towel so that he gets a cushion if he bumps against it . Other than that switching him into his bed was a breeze because of the car .
 Weve had this bed for about a year now and my son LOVES it ! Its great quality wood and durable for my destructive boy .
 Crib mattress fits perfectly , assembly was easy , looks great , and it seems to be very sturdy . Great quality ! Lots of fun !
 Is a great bed for the money !! . our son loves it !!! Easy directions for assembly and seems durable so far . Bed time is not a problem in our house !
 my 2yr old son loves this bed !!! gets in & out with no problems . was great transition from crib . if you 're little one loves Cars get this bed !!
 I was a little skeptical at first , especially when we were putting it together but it is so easy to put together and surprisingly sturdy . My 3 year old son absolutely loves it . It 's the perfect size for him and fits his crib mattress perfectly . Great product !
 My three year old loves it . Very easy to assemble , took me about 20 minutes . Sits low to the ground so my son can get in and out with out any issues . Sides come up just high enough to prevent my son from rolling out while sleeping.Materials seem a lot sturdier than I would have expected for the price .
 Our son loves it ! After placing an order , my wife and I had some concerns about the safety and getting a wooden instead of a plastic bed so I started reading some reviews and obviously found others with the same concerns and great answers withing the comments.This is a great bed and it is funny as one of the review said that &#34; that our child jumped out of our and started sleeping in his bed right away &#34; and that is exactly what ours did . It is very safe and secured and very easy to assemble and does have support on the sides so your child wont fall off it rolling around.I would highly recommend the new buyers to definitely get this bed .
 We have had this bed for over six months now . Our son got really excited to see his very own Lightning McQueen bed . Its very well built and will probaby hold him for six more months until he will grow out and will move to a twin bed.Colors are vibrant and the build is sturdy -LRB- may not be sturdy enuf for them to jump on it though -RRB- . It 's great to buy when you want to move them from crib to bed and train them to sleep on your own bed !!
 We purchased this bed for my son when we turned two . He loved it and it lasted him two in a half years . We are now going to sell the bed which is still in perfect condition . Holds up very well .
 Bought this for my nephews room , the instructions were easy to understand , putting it together was super easy and the stickers and images were nice and crisp .
 My grandson loved the cars bed . A very nice transition from a baby bed to a big boy bed . A great purchase .
 I highly recommend this product ! It is sturdy but easy to put together -LRB- no tools necessary -RRB- . Fits in almost any space and organizes any unruley shoe collection . All racks turn easily and smoothly without the risk of siliding down . Great buy . Worth the price .
 The shoe rack is good . It looks nice and easy to assemble . It is also easy to adjust according to the shoe sizes.I have couple of concerns . One - As other people have mentioned , it is not very easy to put on the big shoes . It is very comfortable to put in my kids and my wife shoes . However , when I hang my shoes , I have literally squeeze them in . Second - When you put all the shoes , you will see the back of the shoes for the ones hanging on the front . The pictures never show the tree with all the shoes filled in , so I never realized that it does not look as beautiful as shown in the pictures .
 I live in a tiny apartment i San Francisco and was previously using a huge bookcase to store my shoes -LRB- um , poor college student , do n't judge me -RRB- . I can NOT believe how much space this thing saves . Seriously , it 's effing amazing . It 's sturdy and a lot taller than you 'd expect , unless you 're observant -LRB- unlike me -RRB- and actually read the product height specs . Anyway , I love this thing , I wish I had it in my life sooner . All my girlfriends that see it emit this super high pitched SQUEEEE noise that only dogs can hear , then they melt into a pile of shoe-organization-mush and interrogate me for the link.I have tiny feet -LRB- women 's 6-6 .5 -RRB- and this rack holds my 24 pairs of shoes perfectly . I do n't need to skip hooks or anything , hey all fit right next to each other . If you 're looking for a rack with more space : Household Essentials , 2197 , Shoe Tree , 6-Tier Plus Basket Top , Silver FinishKeep in mind it 's twice the price for 12 extra pairs of shoes . Worth it ? Nay .
 I am a bit of an organizational fanatic whose shoes have been an issue for years . I have space constraints and so building in special shoe storage has not been an option . I have tried the over-door racks , the stack-up racks ... etc. . Nothing compares to this space saving revolving shoe tree ! Super easy to put together and sturdy as well .
 What a wonderful product . Very sturdy and easy to assemble . We keep it in the garage and each child has a tier for their shoes . They place their shoes on the tree before entering the house . Helps keep floors clean from clutter .
 The rotating shoe rack is easy to assemble and very sturdy . While it easily holds 18 pairs of women 's shoes , it can not hold that many d/t the size of men 's shoes . Got the clutter off the floor , though . I highly recommend it .
 I like my revolving shoe rack.It can tip over.U need to put heavier shoes on bottom.And it sits better on wood or tile floors.But i like it.And i recommend it .
 Good quality . Great space saver . I actually needed it to be one level lower , so I took off the top piece .
 i have gotten so many compliments!its durable and functional the fact that each tier revolves is awesome and i highly recomend
 It fit perfectly a little heavy but your not going to be moving it all the time perfect for my walk in closet ...
 This shoe tree is JUST what I was looking for . Right capacity , easy assembly , does not take alot of room , shoes stay where they are placed .
 I bought two of these . One for a gift and one for myself . It made much more sense tohave the shoes in the front hall stored vertically rather than horizonally . Just rememberto balance shoes according to weight . This rack was easy to put together and easy toadjust according to various size shoes . The person I gave one to as a gift also loves it.He keeps it inside the walk-in closet .
 Does well unless you have huge feet -LRB- unfortunatly thats me -RRB- then a little care in which shoes go where is needed . It is a pain to put together .
 Having tried shelves , racks , plastic pockets , etc. , ad nauseuam this rack makes the shoes stay put , visible and they do n't fall on the floor as soon as you reach for them . The little baskets can be lined with cardboard and you can keep gloves in them too .
 I love mine so much that I am buying one for my sister for her birthday . No more shoes on the floor or falling out of the shoe cubby .
 I love this shoe tower . For my size of shoes 7 - 7.5 , I could easily fit 8 per rack . But it may be difficult for bigger sizes to fit that many in . But all in all , the chrome finish , and revolving tower work perfectly well for me . I am thinking of buying another one , for remaining of my shoes . . its definitely a good buy.The item came with one of the parts missing , but I called the customer support number and they were happy to send me the missing part , which promptly arrived in 3 days ' time . Putting this together was a breeze.All in all , I love it .
 The rack went together easily and is very sturdy . I love having my shoes all arranged by color now and off of the floor !
 This is an excellent space saving shoe rack . It is a little bit expensive , but works wonderfully .
 It was easy enough to put together and the bottom is heavy enough so that it does n't tip over . I 've always kept my shoes on the floor and this rack is far superior to that . I 'm happy with it .
 This Shoe Tree is perfect if you have a lot of shoes . It is very heavy so it wo n't fall over . It keeps the shoes off the floor and you can see all of your shoes easily . It was a good purchase .
 The reason for the purchase of this item is because I really got tired of shoes sitting all around the living room door because we just did n't have anywhere to put them . I purchased this item and that resolved the issue pronto . This item was very easy to put together , it took about 10-15 minutes . It holds a bunch of shoes and takes up hardly any space . The only issue that I have is that you have to use caution of how you put your shoes on the tier of it will make it lean , I put a piece of cardboard underneath it and that solved that issue , or you can rearrange the shoes to keep it from leaning from one side or the other . All in all this was a great purchase . I think its an inexpensive way to store your shoes , especially if you are lacking space like myself .
 Very useful and sturdy . The base is pretty heavy so it can hold a lot and still stand straight .
 This shoe tree is just what I needed -- a way to store multiple shoes without taking up much space . It 's practical , decently sturdy , and easy to assemble . It 's not the most beautiful thing in the world -LRB- the bottoms of your shoes face outward -RRB- , but I am pleased to finally free my shoes from their shoebox obscurity , and be able to find them quickly and efficiently , with one easy spin !
 Just received this miracle organizer this week and I absolutely love it . It did not take very long at all to put together -LRB- and trust me I 'm not fast when it comes to putting things together -RRB- . Like others have said , the base is pretty heavy so it does not fall over . It fits in my closet well and I could not be happier with how well it works and finally gets my shoes off the floor !
 I love this shoe tree . Super easy assembly . The stand is solid , no tipping or wobbling . The stand is relatively attractive -LRB- aside from the fact the soles of your shoes are displayed -RRB- . Holds my size 6 shoes perfectly . I stagger my bulkier shoes next to slimmer ones and can use every space available . You can adjust the spacing between levels to accommodate taller/shorter shoe lengths which is a great feature . Each level also rotates independently , another wonderful feature . I also love the portability , I can move it easily to vacuum around . For the price , quantity of shoes it holds and small footprint this is a fantastic storage solution !
 This is exactly what I needed . I bought 2 and could n't be happier . Keeps my shoes up off the ground , visible and neat . Love the use of space vertically . This is a well-made , sturdy , space saving shoe-a-holic 's friend !
 At first I was intimidated by the assembly required . The instructions seemed a bit obtuse . But I jumped in and found it was actually easy . All I had to do was look at the pics and the parts and away I went . The quality of the materials seems fine . The base is nice and heavy , so it will never get knocked over . While it is true what another reviewer said
 I absolutely love this product . I had struggled for years with how to store my shoes - in the original box , on the floor , in storage bins ? None was super convenient and all took up a lot of room . This revolving shoe tree was easy to put together . It makes choosing shoes for the day and putting them away at the end of the day super easy . It also does n't take a lot of space . Love it and would highly recommend it !
 I purchased 3-tier shoe tree from another catalog company a few years ago but was disappointed with its performance since it was n't quite stable enough when I only put 6-7 paires of shoes on it . A few weeks ago , I purchased 4-tier chrome revolving shoe tree from Amazon for my son who so far put at least 18 paires of his shoes on it and to my surprise , it holds all of his shoes nicely . It is a very stable and well-made product and I 'm going to buy one more for myself . I highly recommend it .
 I was skeptical that this would be sturdy . It is . The base is solid and heavy enough to prevent tipping . I am a size 81/2 or 9 shoe . Although this `` spinner '' does not hold the max number of pairs as advertised , it sure holds a lot of shoes ! I was able to reorganize my closet after placing the majority of my shoes on it . I 'm going to buy another for the entry way for the hubbie . He fishes , hunts , and does the yardwork . Maybe one for the grandkids . They might actually be able to find both shoes in the morning !
 The base and the vertical poll are really good quality . The rotating holders are ok . Currently they look great .
 After carefully reading all the reviews on this shoe rack , I decided to order one for my teenage daughter 's shoes . It works great & she loves it ! She has no problem with having the soles facing outward , like some people have mentioned , because the shoes she has on the rack are tennis shoes with brightly colored soles ! IT is very sturdy & does n't take up much room . We are very pleased with it !
 My Wife loves this she says its the best very sturdy and all she does is spin the Rack with the shoes she wants and it is the greatest for her after looking around for a long time for a shoe rack . The best no tax and no shipping .
 Though we invested to buy different shoe racks -LRB- both costed over $ 60 each -RRB- which probably were nicer to look at but there is no point if shoes kept constanly sliding off to the ground . I am very happy with this item because it is exactly as you can see on the picture . PRO - 1 -RRB- Saves space as it is building upward and easy to assemble . CON - Not very smart to look at but I am placing this in my laundry room so it is perfect and practical . I bought two and I am going to order another one .
 The shoe tree is a gift . All I know is that it came in a box with a picture of a shoe tree on it .
 I have bought 2 of these Revolving 4-tier shoe trees . My first one I bought I ended up giving it to a friend , because they liked it so much.So I had to buy another one -LRB- maybe I should hide this one LOL !! -RRB- I do agree with the other customers that say they wish there were more space between the shoe holders , as some shoes are wider then others and the fit is too tight . . Other then that it 's a really nice strong and heavy shoe tree.I would have given it a five star if the spaces between the shoes were wider . Maybe you can recommend that to the manufacturer to do that , it would really make -LRB- I think -RRB- a BIG difference . I would recommend this item ... -RSB- -RSB-
 Why is n't this the standard for organizing shoes ? Every house should have at least one !!! Never have I seen my shoes all have their own space and not have to worry about squishing , ventilation , or space . I can see all of them , I can access them easily and best of all , it 's so portable the entire design of this product just makes me want to cry ... my first thought what I was hanging my shoes was why was n't I introduced to this when I started walking ?? This is AWESOME !
 I bought one then bought 2 more . They are simple to put together and sturdy/heavy enough to hold my shoes . I didnt think that tennis shoes would fit , but they did . Everything except boots ...
 I purchased two trees and was able to clear an AMAZING amount of cardboard clutter from my closet . These units are easy to assemble , sturdy , and quite stable on carpet . Each tier revolves individually , and the entire loaded tree can be easily picked up and moved . I 'm about to purchase another one for the shoes I do n't even own yet !!
 Of all the shoe organizing solutions , I 've found theWhitney Design 2134 Chrome Revolving 4-Tier Shoe Treeto be the answer to my problem . Like someone here mentioned , I also found it a hassle to put my shoes back in the box . Since I keep the shoes in the original cardboard box -LRB- I felt that those clear plastic boxes did n't provide ventilation for the shoes -RRB- , I had no idea which pair was inside unless I opened it . With this shoe tree , as soon as I pull off my shoes , I just hang them in the tree - fast and easy ! No more shoe clutter on the floor . Really nice quality of materials , too . I have wood floor , so the base has been stable . Really , if there 's a negative , it 's that the soles of the shoes are exposed , but that 's still much better than having them on the floor , and does n't really bother me . Since the tree does n't occupy a lot of space , I could opt to put this inside my closet . My shoe clutter was so bad that I feel this product has been a blessing . As usual , the Amazon service was great !
 The shoe tree is easy to put together ! Mine is a little wobbly , but works great . It stores your shoes in one spot upside down , so no dirt gets in the shoes . I bought two and have them in the garage so I can take my shoes off before entering the house and grab the pair I need before I go to work . I highly recommend this item for anyone who wants a place to keep all their shoes where they are easy to find .
 I bought this one in addition to a smaller shoe tree . It helps to keep the shoes organized , shoes are more visible than other types of shoe organizers . The product is well built . I 've had it for a few months now and it 's held up as promised .
 This is a great organizer and a really good value . I bought two and they both fit nicely into my walk-in closet .
 Well made ; but the shoe horns are too close together to take advantage of all the prongs with men 's adult shoes . Women 's shoes and kids ' do n't have as much difficulty . One way we got around this was alternating my and my husband 's shoes on the same tier . Also , keep in mind , the only way to put more space between the prongs would be to increase the diameter but then it takes up more space . So , this is a pretty good compromise between the two . We have 2 adults and 1 toddlers shoes on the rack right now . We were able to fit all our most commonly worn winter shoes on the rack which freed up a lot of floor space . We keep it behind the front door , too so easy access by all involved and no more tracking dirt throughout the house . The tiers do rotate which make reaching shoes , even for my 18 mth old easier , but they can be a little stiff , especially if you are putting any downward pressure at all while turning . But , that is easy to train yourself not to do .
 This is a great shoo rack . It organizes my cluttered shoes and with its revolving functionality , I can easily find my shoes whenever I need them .
 The assembly is very easy to adjust . It 's not too heavy to carry to one place or another . I like how it has a rotating action to it.I actually have a plastic shopping bag hung around the handlers to put trash in ; so I can say it 's pretty sturdy . Just do n't be too rough with it , it 's fragile . Overall , it 's a good product .
 This is my second shoe holder . They are easy to put together , sturdy , adjustable , high quality , do n't take up too much space , and do a great job at organizing shoes . It 's easy to give this five stars !
 This shoe tree holds enough shoes to get the shoes off of the floor and on to a convenient carousel . The construction is sturdy & was easy to assemble .
 I purchased this item for my husband for Christmas to go in our coat closet because before they were all thrown into a basket and we would have to search for shoes every time we left the house . I like the item . It is sturdy and I will use it however , one of the pieces that screwed into the pole to add another tier was too small so it just slipped in the other piece . We probably could have used it but it would have been wobbly but overall I am pleased with the item .
 Awesome product - good construction , lot 's of room , a space saver . I 'm thoroughly satisfied with this product . If I could change some things , I would make the handle metal instead of plastic , and I would engineer it so that the soles of the shoes face in instead of out .
 I received this two days ago - took me less then 10 min 's to put together and it is sturdy - the base weighs a lot ... I wear a size 6 shoe so storing even my highest heels was n't a problem but the polls could be a little longer ... Seems like a longer shoe might cause some problems . . I could n't get all my dress shoes on this tree , but it works , fits well into my walk in , and was a great bargin considering how well it is made ...
 Easy to assemble and works great in getting my shoes organized and off the floor ! Now I can easily see all of my shoes and they take up very little floor space . Base is heavy & sturdy . Nice design with T handle on the top so I can move it around
 the 4-tiers levels can be adjusted freely vertically . This thing allows me to pack my wife 's shoes in one nice tree . . before one day I throw them all out . Meanwhile , the only logical thing to do is to order one more .
 This piece definately gets the job done . It does n't look bad , but that does n't really matter as you ca n't really see it once it 's full of your shoes . I gave it four stars b/c the arms for the shoes would do well with a bit more space in between them . You are definately not getting your big fluffy Crocs on this unit . Bottom line , great stable product ... I do n't know what I would do without it .
 The bottom line is that this is a great , if not perfect , rack . It 's sturdy , the base is an excellent weight that leaves absolutely no concern that if you bumped it accidentally it might tip overall . All in all it 's a good buy , but there are issues.The thing did n't come with any assembly instructions . None . It does n't have a whole heck of a lot of parts , and I 'm a seasoned home-assembler , so I sorted it out , but it comes with washers . Unless you have a pretty good understanding of why one would use washers for something like this , you could easily mess it up , or not even know where to start.But once I sorted it out , it went together quickly -LRB- ten minutes , maybe ? -RRB- feels sturdy . It does have the slightest lean to it -- perhaps something in the missing assembly instructions would have told me how to prevent that , but it 's very slight , and does n't affect the sturdiness of the thing , so I 'm not stressed about it . I put about a dozen pairs of shoes on it and I 'm happy as a clam.One thing to note -- if you have large or wide shoes , you may not be able to cram a pair on next to each other . I 'm hanging my sneakers on one level , and I can only fit my three pairs on because they 're wider athletic shoes and they do n't fit any closer than that . A pair of patent leather shoes would n't go on right next to each other because of the patent rubbing against itself.All in all I 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
 I just recently had a small walk-in closet remodeled and realized I did n't really plan for shoe storage . That 's where the 4 tier shoe tree came to the rescue . I left an open space of about 14 inches for the tree since it measured about 12 inches in diameter . It fits perfectly BUT I did n't take into consideration high heels of 2.5 inches or more . If you plan on storing shoes with varying heel heights , then I would suggest an open space of at least 16 inches or more in diameter.As far as the actual job it was designed to do , the shoe tree lives up to its name . I wear a women 's size 8 - 8.5 -LRB- avg width -RRB- and have had no problem storing flat and high heeled shoes as well as slides , and sandals . A couple of the shoes proved to be a slightly snugger fit than others , but none of my shoes have proven to be too large to fit the tree . And I 'm able to store all 24 pair of shoes . I believe wider or men 's shoes would also fit but would need to be spaced out , thus reducing the number of available shoe slots.For the cost I 'd say the tree is fairly well constructed with a heavy base to keep it from tilting . All pieces were made of shiny chrome with the exception of the top handle which is plastic made to look like chrome . Also the piece that attaches underneath the base appears to be made of a very dense rubber to prevent scratches on the floor . I put the entire thing together in about 20 minutes . It only took that long because I 'm one of those people who reads the directions AFTER they start the project ! Speaking of which , the directions were fairly straight forward and easy to understand.The product shipped in good time . I placed my order the night of Oct 8th and received it Oct 12th . It was packaged well with no signs of abuse . Overall , I am very pleased with this purchase and would n't hesitate to buy again !
 I have tried many different ways to store my very large array of shoes and this product is the best . It holds many shoes and takes up very little space in my closet . This is actually the second time I have purchased the shoe tree as I decided I needed another one for my other closet . It is very easy to find the shoes I need as the rack revolves and displays all of the shoes nicely . One can adjust the different tiers to accommodate different styles of shoes - pumps , flats , flip flops and varying heights of heels . Easy to keep clean and the base is solid . I have tried other brands -LSB- from Bed , Bath & Beyond -RSB- but they were flimsy and the entire tree kept falling over as the base was not solid enough , so buyers beware of these cheap imitations ! I definitely recommend this product - get a few !
 This is an amazing product ! All my shoes NOT in a pile in my closet , yay !! Now if only I could admit that ALL my shoes fit on one of these , but embarrassingly I could use another stand . Haha ... This is such a wonderful stand and does hold a lot of shoes -LRB- I just have too many -RRB- .
 Very happy with the 4 tier shoe tree . It is very sturdy and a huge space saver . I would highly recommend this to anyone !
 This shoe rack holds many pairs of shoes and if you follow instructions when assembling it , it seems like it will do the job of holding and dispensing shoes well . Would recommend it as it can be put in the corner of a room , out of the way . Also the racks revolve which is helpful to access shoes .
 This shoe rack definitely serves it 's purpose . I love how the rack heights are adjustable too . no complaints .
 I got 3 girls , age 7 , 6 & 3 . You could see how many shoes they got !!!!!!!!!! I gave them shoe cabinet but they would never , especially the 3 year old one , put shoes in pair in order . But now , this shoe three is so easy that even 3 year old girl easily hang her tiny shoes on !!! I strongly recomment this item . Very easy to install , firmly base , good quality material . nothing to complain ! you would love it ! Amazon got free shipping and it 's the best deal you could find on line .
 Easy to assemble and holds a ton of shoes in a very small amount of space in a closet . Heavy bass keeps it from tipping over . Highly recommended for type-A organizers like myself !
 It leans a little , but I just balanced it by evenly distributing my shoes on it . My closet looks a million times better now .
 Instantly transformed the clutter of shoes at the front door - love it ! I 've got all the kids ' shoes on the lower rungs - easy access for them to get their shoes and to put their shoes away . The upper rungs can also be used to store hats/caps , gloves , etc. . LOVE this design ! Soild structure , wo n't tip over easily on hardwood or tile floors . Simple assembly - put this together in less than five minutes out of the box . The heights of each `` layer '' can be adjusted independently , revolves easily , takes up the minimal amount of space . Just wonderful .
 This is perfect . I had a closet that was about 2X5 and my shoes were on top of each other . This really helps me find my shoes a lot faster
 This shoe carousel was given to me as a gift and I loved it so much I purchased one for my dad for father 's day . Set up is very simple . Requires very small storage space .
 A lot of shoes in a small space . Quick to assemble . Very quick shipping and delivery .
 This product is very well built and it stays in place ; no tip overs . I like the way the tiers turn and your shoes are always within your reach . Because it is so well constructed I should have no shoes on the floor or taking up room in the bottom of the closet for years to come .
 This shoe rack takes you back to the 1950s , when everything was n't easily breakable and made in China . It 's a heavy duty , sturdy chrome piece . Each section easily spins round to access the shoes . Before this we had stackable wooden shoe racks from Ikea that fell apart . This shoe rack will probably last forever .
 After a recent shoe-shopping binge , I found myself facing a pile of shoes on the floor . I already have a two-tier shoe rack , but I clearly needed more shoe storage . And since I wear dress shoes to work every day , I wanted easy access . With no time to make a trip to a home store , I started browsing Amazon , and came across this design . Maybe I 'm sheltered , but the idea of a vertical , revolving shoe rack never even crossed my mind . After reading the good reviews , I purchased.My free Super Saver shipping delivered the package in only three days -LRB- thanks Amazon -RRB- . I took everything out of the box and carefully counted each part to compare with the instruction sheet . Nothing missing . I started putting it together . After one brief snag -LRB- I had the base upside down -RRB- , assembly was a breeze , and my shoe rack was complete in under 15 minutes . I loaded my shoes -LRB- filled the whole thing with a space between each pair -RRB- and voila!The rack looks very nice . It feels quite stable -- the base is very heavy and once my shoes were on the rack I could barely lift it . I love being able to see my shoes and reach them easily . This rack is much better than the standard two-tiered horizontal designs that sit on the floor . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I was a bit skeptical at first . I have had the item for about a month now . It is very sturdy . No problems at all whatsoever . I wish I would have bought two of them . My boyfriend uses it for his shoes too ... and he has gigantic feet size 10.5 or 11 . Perfect for little kids shoes . Only thing that wouldnt work with it would be boots . Love this product . Highly recommend it . Easy to assemble as well .
 Overall , I am pleased with this product . It was easy to assemble and I like that I can spin it to find the right pair of shoes.Cons :1 . I think that it is a bit too big , I wold probably get the 3 tier if I re-order again . But that is my fault for not taking this into consideration when I purchased it .2 . The prongs/spikes that hold the shoes are just a little bit too close . I wear size 7 -LRB- Women 's -RRB- shoes , and I can comfortably place 4 pair -LRB- not 6 pair -RRB- per rack . This is because they are a little too close and the shoes become crowded if all the prongs are used . So I actually can only effectively use this for 12 pairs of shoes.But overall , I am happy with this product .
 This product is a great space saver and easy to put together . I keep the rack in the garage by my car and grab shoes off it on the way to work and other places . The rack is smaller than I thought which is good . It does not take up much space and allows me to keep lots of shoes on the same rack . It 's very sturdy so there is no worry about it tipping over or shoes falling off .
 This shoe tree holds 24 pairs of shoes without problem . It is well made and easy to put together .
 Very easy to put together . It takes up little space . I really love this shoe tree . It is by far the best item I have ever owned for holding shoes .
 This shoe tree is amazing . It is really built well and even with 24 pairs of shoes on it - no tipping over !!! I love shoes and this shoe tree makes them all available and in sight . You will be very happy with the selection of this shoe tree !
 I had shoe organizers that went under beds . I really could ' t see what shoes I had without a lot of trouble . These tiered shoe trees are wonderful . I can readily see what I have and am very happy that I purchased the trees . I wore a pair of shoes recently that I had n't worn for awhile . Now I know that I have them .
 I was so tired of stumbling on the clutter of shoes upon entering our laundry room . This shoe holder was the perfect solution . Good construction , easy tool-free assembly -LRB- allen wrench for one piece and it 's included -RRB- pretty sturdy . And now all our shoes are organized ! Also a good price for this item , I have looked at other sites and it was selling for ten or twenty dollars more , plus other sitse charge for shipping and handling . I love Amazon 's free shipping ! Arrived quickly !
 This shoe rack was n't hard to assemble and holds alot of shoes . I would recommend this product.It is tall if you are thinking of putting it in a closet . A walk out closet would be perfect . It does n't look bad sitting out either .
 My daughter has a lot of shoes . She used to just either leave them on the floor or would toss them in a empty laundry basket.The rack was easy to put together and so far have had no problems . It holds all of her shoes and takes up little space.The only drawback I saw was that you see the bottoms of the shoes and you would n't want to put heavier shoes all on one side.We are very pleased and if the needs again arises , I will buy another one . I am glad I bought it .
 It really does save a lot of space . Easy to assemble and fits perfectly in the corner of our tiny closet .
 This is a great solution for storing a lot of shoes in a small space . Good sturdy construction and easy to put together . It cleaned my shoe closet up big time .
 The only complaint I would have of this is that when you have the shoes on , the backs of the shoes are facing you , so it 's not really pretty . I wish they made it the opposite way , so you could see the front , but I have owned those plastic racks and they fall apart so easily . this one is sturdy and strong , and I will buy more b/c it 's the only one I 've found to work .
 I wear large shoes , mens size 14 U.S.A. so I have to use every other spot , but it still works great ! before I got this shoes littered my room because I ran out of slots under my bed . I didnt want to get rid of shoes because I color coordinate -LRB- fashionable , -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . If I had more room , i woulld order a second one of these bad boys to sit next to the other one . too bad i dont = -LRB-
 Works well and organized great - may have to buy another one since I have tons of shoes
 the product arrived promptly , it looks as pictured . it was very easy to put together . I did not have any problems with the tiers bending -LRB- like other reviewers stated -RRB- , although the tiers did seem a bit wobbly since they are simply resting on top of a circle of plastic , but I do n't have any problem with that . I have n't had any trouble fitting 6 pairs of shoes on each tier , even with my large -LRB- ladies size 11 -RRB- shoes . it might be an issue if I were trying to fit 6 pairs of sneakers , that would probably be a bit tight , but luckily I can mix some narrower sandals in with my larger shoes on a tier and they all fit just fine.the instructions were very easy to follow and the product was very easy to put together . it came with an allen wrench , which was only used in the first couple of steps .
 Now my wife 's shoes are placed neatly in the closet and they are easily accessible . Easy to assemble and set up . This works fine for her shoes , but my size 14 's will not fit .
 I find that this shoe tree is better for me than some other shoe organizers . It does n't take up too much room , holds a lot of shoes , and makes it easy for me to access them . Pretty sturdy too .
 It is nice to have found a 4 tier tree to stack the shoes vertically - I have lots of ladies heels and the spacing seems to be sufficient between the tiers . I do n't revolve the rack that much , but when I do , it seems to be very fluid . I have it standing on carpet and it does have enough stability that I am comfortable with - no problem . I think this is a great tree that allows me to keep way too many shoes !
 I ordered this rack to get the shoes out of the entry way of my apartment . Since I wanted to save space , this was the perfect solution . It holds all of my shoes in a small amount of space , making them easy to find . I 'm very pleased !
 This is a really great buy . I saw a similar one while out shopping but thought I could find it cheaper-Amazon was the same price , but I think the one on Amazon is much better quality than the one I was looking at , as this one is very heavy and sturdy-the other seemed quite flimsy . I 'm terrible at assembling things , but this could n't have been easier and had good , easy to follow directions . It 's a nice height , very level and sturdy and will be useful for many years to come , possibly my whole life-we 'll see .
 I have a pretty small room and this shoe tree helps me maximise space.Its weight is a good advantage because I stack more than 24 shoes on it.Great product , cant wait to move into a bigger house so I can buy a bigger one
 I purchased the shoe tree for my Mom for Christmas . She loved it . Its a space saver . It handled 14 pair of shoes no problem .
 Easy assembly , sturdy design . My only gripe is that the shoe tiers have no bottom , just a wire frame that attached to the pole . With a simple design upgrade , the tiers could act as a ` basket ' and hold small shoe-related effects as well ... thus the 4 stars .
 ITS GREAT FOR ORGANIZING YOUR FOOTWEAR . SURE CLEANS UP YOUR BEDROOM FLOOR IN A HURRY IF YOUR A SHOE COLLECTER WITH LIMITED CLOSET SPACE . VERY STURDY EXCELLENT CHROME FINISH -- THE BASE IS &#34; VERY HEAVY '' TO AVOID TOPPLING . ONE SUGGESTION &#34; COWBOYS '' ITS NOT REALLY FOR YOUR BOOTS -- BUT ONE SUGGESTION PUT ALL YOUR BIG AND HEAVY SHOES ON THE BOTTOM RACKS . AGAIN I RATE THIS RACK # 1 I BOUGHT TWO AND IT VERY WELL DID CLEANUP MY ROOM -- THANKS AGAIN AMAZON -- IRONMAN BRACKENRIDGE PA. .
 I keep this right by the front door for shoes I or my roommates wear every day . We 're all girls and have several pairs of dress shoes for different occasions , and sometimes they go on the tree too , and there is always room . In fact , I use the top tier for hats and gloves and envelopes that are about to go in the mail.We always get compliments on the shoe tree , how it saves tons of space by using vertical space , and it keeps shoes paired together . It 's also short enough to not be in the way of the light switch and calendar we have on the wall above it . The base is weighted so it 's very stable and never tips even a little bit . All the pieces fit together really nicely.When I moved from a dorm to a house , the dis-assembly was super easy , because everything just unscrews , and you can basically carry it all in one bag once you 're done . You can just leave the tiers sitting in a stack on the last rod on the base , and the rest of the rods can sit between the loops on the tiers . -LRB- The rods will slide horizontally sitting like this , so make sure the whole thing is in a basket or bag -RRB- . Definitely can see myself owning this for YEARS AND YEARS . The parts are durable , easy to disassemble , and big enough for a family 's amount of shoes . Well worth the money , and I 'm keeping this around for a while .
 I love it . Barely takes up any room , and super comfortable for storing all of our shoes.I highly recommend this
 This product arrived as they said it would and putting it together was easy . It holds lots of shoes and does not take up to much space . The heavy base keeps it from falling over . I give this a 5 star .
 I think this product worked perfect for me . But I am size 6 or 6.5 . I guess if you are size over 9 not sure how good will be . It is already very tight .
 The shoe tree does a great job of providing ready access to various pairs of shoes and reduces the clutter on the floor ! Would definitely recommend !
 I got more than what I expected . This awesome shoe rack can hold exactly 24 pairs at it says in the description . Shoe lovers have to consider this item . It is very user friendly and stable and you can hide it in the closet or even at the corner of your room . Very good buy : -RRB-
 The shoe tree arrived with all parts necessary for assemblage . It was easy to put it together.I will use it to hold golf shoes , and it will not come close to holding 24 pairs . But , it seems to be sturdy ; revolves easily ; and fits in a closet in my garage . Overall , I find the product to be very satisfactory for my needs and intended purpose .
 This tree was much sturdier than I expected ... no tipping over easily ! Too bad you require more words , I 'm not a wordy person .
 I own over 350 shoes and needed to be able to use my floor space because i have stacked the shoes boxes along the wall from the floor to the ceiling . This fit pefectly in the center of the closet and i was able to put 24 pairs of stiletto pumps and booties on this !! My only wish is that I had room for one more !!
 I bought 2 of these for both my husband and me . The review that said it was a little too small for men 's shoes does n't apply to us . My husband wears an average size 10 shoe and has no problem fitting several pairs of shoes on this rack . Assembly is very easy and once assembled , the shelves swivel so you can easily get to any shoe . It 's also very sturdy and quite large . If I have to say anything negative at all , it would be that it 's almost too big to put two of them in one 6 x 10 walk-in closet . Other than that , it is a perfect alternative to leaving shoes on the floor . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Looks good and works well . It holds a lot of shoes and looks really good by the front door . We used to have one of those shelf racks but the shoes would always fall off .
 I bought this to replace my over the door shoe organizer . I hated those plastic pockets holding dust and dirt , and they were causing some shoes to lose their shape . I put this shoe tree together myself in about 20 minutes . It saves floor space by organizing the shoes vertically , each tier spins , the shoes hang great without being squished inside a pocket , and the whole thing can be moved out of the way if needed . Great shoe storage option !
 This is actually taller than I thought , but it needs to be for a 4 tier shoe rack . Easy to assemble and sturdy . It was exactly what I needed and I have no complaints at all . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable .
 My shoes are all Ladies size 7 and 7-1/2 . I think this is ideal for Ladies up to about a size 8 or so , maybe 9 . But anything larger , might need to have more space between each shoe . Mine touch going all the way around and filling the rack , but not too tight of a fit . Just perfect . I was able to adjust the racks so the shoes do not touch from top-to-bottom , and they rotate freely . This eliminated a pile of shoes from the closet floor and makes them very accessible with ease , and a much neater closet . I am very pleased with this shoe rack . When the box arrived I was surprised at how heavy it was , and the weighted bottom is definitely heavy enough to prevent any tipping . Item is ideal for my purposes , but may not suit larger sizes , and men 's shoes in particular .
 Shoes were creating a mess on our garage floor so I purchased this unit . It works great , it is very sturdy/heavy . It was super easy to assemble -LRB- took less than 5 minutes -RRB- Fully assembled , it is pretty sturdy . It does wobble a tiny bit , but that may be because our floor is not even in the garage . The great thing is that it keeps the shoes off the floor and the kids like using it so they are more likely to put their own shoes away .
 Other than my boots for which I have a standing-tiered shoe rack , this shoe tree is perfect with enough room to let my 9.5 women 's size shoes hang without hitting one another . It has a weighted bottom so that it does n't fall over and I can easily use the handle on top to pull it out of my closet if I am thoroughly confused as to what pair to wear on a particular day . Definitely a must especially if you have a walk-in closet .
 This shoe tree is wonderful , I love it . unlike other shoe holder it does not tilt to the side because of the weight . Im a size 8 and my shoes fit with plenty space around . great product !
 I did n't have a space for my many pairs of colorful Crocs , so I put this shoe rack right out in the bedroom like a piece of art . It 's steady and firm , rotates smoothly , and I 'm so glad I bought it . It makes choosing the day 's pair of shoes so easy . Thanks , Amazon .
 This shoe tree was a great purchase for me , as it opened up quite a lot of space in my closet that I 'd previously been wasting on the standard shoe-storing shelves . It 's sturdy , attractive -LRB- or as attractive as a shoe tree could get , I suppose -RRB- , and worth the price .
 I love this shoe caddy . It was easy to put together and it takes a little space but holds many shoes . I could n't be happier ! Very Sturdy !
 I have been looking for something like this and I can not be more pleased . It is very heavy/sturdy , fits nicely in my closet with a small footprint , it 's handy to turn the individual rows to find the pair of shoes I 'm looking for . Obviously it wo n't hold my boots and I did not try to put my bulky work/athletic shoes on it , but it holds all of my regular Women 's Size 8 shoes perfectly .
 I agree with most reviewers . The item is sturdy and easy to put together . Some have complained the spacing was too tight and are unable to fit other than small-sized shoes , but I have n't had difficulty . I wear size 8 men.The rack is in the garage and there will be humidity this summer , so time will tell whether it is rust-proof .
 This shoe rack was ridiculously easy to put together and has been a real life saver when it comes to keeping things organized and out of the way . I can fit it in my hall closet with no problem , and it 's easy to move thanks to the handle on top .
 Product arrived incredibly fast and was assembled mostly by my 5yo -LRB- I just handed him the pieces -RRB- in about 3 minutes . It 's nice a heavy so it seems fairly sturdy . I do wish the prongs were spaced further apart because the adult shoes are a little crammed . Still , I 'm very happy with this rack , as previously all of our shoes were sitting outside in an ugly pile with all kinds of creepy crawlies getting into them overnight -LRB- we live in Hawaii -RRB- . I hope it holds up to being outside ...
 This is an wonderful creation . For 3 years I struggled with a messy closet floor . I constantly bought things to hold my shoes in a small space with no success -- until I came across the Shoe Tree on Amazon . Amazing
 I like this shoe holder . I plan on buying another . It is not flimsy like some of the other shoe organizers I bought in the past .
 compact and organized ! Easy to put together ! For rainy or snowy days I just bout a cheap plastic car mat to put under do water does n't drip on my floors ! Great product !
 This is the perfect solution for my problem with not having enough space to store my shoes in my closet . This does n't take up much room . Its very sturdy and it was easy to assemble .
 Great product for the price . Even on long-pile carpet , it may lean a little bit , but will not tip . I wear a size 14 and it has room for my shoes on it . Easily put together . No tools required .
 Love this product . Easy to assemble . Sturdy . Holds a lot of shoes in a very small space . Highly recommend it .
 Excellent product . Went together very easily , easy to use , and fits very nicely in the closet . . does n't take up much room at all , and got 24 pairs of the wife 's shoes off the floor !!
 Not much to say , does exactly what it 's supposed to and does it perfectly . Would definitely recommend this !
 This shoe tree is beatiful with all my shoes where I can see them . Before I had the shoe rack in my closet . Not only was my shoes falling between the bars but did not really what was in my shoe collection until the shoe tree . Very fast and easy to put together .
 i love this chart ! excellent value for the price.the theme is great for my son , and it 's really colorful with nice detail . the ribbon is already attached for easy hanging . and i also like that i can store it in the keepsake box after he 's outgrown it.i highly recommend this , or any of the growth charts from this line . i also have the flower-themed one for my daughter and love it just as much !
 Like some other reviewers , I was surprised by how nice this growth chart is . I thought it would just be laminated paper with a ribbon attached . Oh no . It 's on sturdy board of some kind with fabric connecting each piece and has a ribbon for hanging . The illustrations are beautiful and there are so many details to explore . I 'm going to get one for our baby who is coming soon .
 This is a very nice growth chart , which will make a beautiful keepsake for my daughter as she grows up , the illustrations are cute and it folds into a notebook size for storage .
 This growth chart is a bit smaller than I expected , but otherwise it 's a sweet look for a girl or boy 's room . Comes with stickers that say `` Today I 'm 1 '' , `` Now I am 2 '' , that sort of thing , which I thought very cute .
 I Loooove this chart . I did n't expect it to be this nice . Seems durable ... and I may even use it for my next child . Definitely worth the money . Buy it !
 This growth chart is the nicest one I 've ever seen that 's gender neutral . The artwork is beautiful and the construction is sturdy .
 I like these dishes so well that I got rid of my fine china and bought another set for my hutch . So I now have sixteen place settings that will come in handy during the holidays because it seems like I always end up with more guests than I have place settings of china . The dishes are beautiful and well made an durable whereas my china could not be washed in the dishwasher . I 've had these dishes for five months and use them every day and also for entertaing . I get compliments from everyone that sees them .
 I already have this set of dishes . Cheri Blum Cortland . I have a service for 12 . One of my large dishes broke and one of my mugs are chipped.I shopped in all the stores that used to carry this product . No Luck . I could n't find these dishes to replace the ones that were broken . Then I tried Amazon.com and when these dished popped up I was so happy . I finally found my dishes . I ordered a service for 4 . 16 pieces . I was in anticipation upon the receipt of the dishes . I received these dishes and was very happy . They match my dishes perfectly . The color is the same , the weight is the same and every item was in perfect condition . Thank you Amazon.com . You came through for me .
 I purchased this set of dinnerware . It is well made , very nice design of fruits on them . Love it ! Connie Hughet
 I recently purchased this dinnerware set . I wanted to add to my set I already had purchsaed locally . and I was Very pleased with my order . So I thought I would order another set to have when I needed them in the future , for my family is growing ... Grand Children and so on ... Why are they not available any more ? They are so beautiful . I hope they will be available to purchase again real soon .
 Love the dishes , however a few were broken . How do I get a replacement ? Do I need to return the entire box or just the pieces that were broke ?
 Product arrived neatly packaged in bubble wrap in a timely fashion . Would definitely do business again .
 What a beautiful frame . It was exactly what I was looking for for my parents anniversary . The web does not do it justice as when it arrived it was better than I anticipated , but I know I can always rely on Lenox . It is elegant and the design is not over powering .
 Was a great gift for my husband as he mentioned he wanted one along time ago and says its the best present EVER !!
 he has always wanted one of these for a long time . Now he 's happy . He will be cooking hot dogs forever now .
 Would recommend to friends with children ! Nice gift for any age really ! Use at kids birthday parties , At family get to geathers
 I personnel y have not used it but the people we gave it to love it . 4 more words to summit review
 Its everything that is showed on the web I did like that it came wrapped in two boxes to make sure the could not be no demage
 This was a gift for my son and he loves it -- we do too . It is just as all the other great reviews said . Putting it together involved no hardware , a 5 year old could put it together . Note
 This little guy is awesome ! Bought it for my daughters 3rd birthday party . She loves it , and I know the kids will get a kick out of it . For the price it is a great buy . Not for commercial or high volume use , but perfect conversation piece at small parties or soirees .
 Bought this for a mini bar , works great ! Have cooked hotdogs and brats on it and they come out great !
 I ordered this product over a year ago and I 'm not sure why I never reviewed it.I remember reading a few iffy reviews and I have to say that I 've had nothing but good expieriences with mine.It 's easy to clean and the hot dogs are delicious !
 I had to puchase this unit because the old one finally broke -LRB- 8years or so -RRB- . LOVE THIS ITEM.Unit is very easy to clean and use .
 Really , this thing is a novelty item , but honestly , I love the results . This is the second hot dog roller I 've owned -LRB- the first lasted several years before the cord shorted out -RRB- and we use it all the time - not always necessarily with the &#34; bun warmer &#34; canopy-but it 's great for parties and get togethers . The hot dogs have always cooked well and they are real crowd pleasers.The build quality is about what you expect for the price , but really ... it 's a hot dog roller machine , not a Cuisinart . Our previous one lasted about five years , and I 'd expect the same longevity out of this one .
 so easy to use and clean . the hot dogs cook evenly and quickly . the bun warmer on top Will dry the buns out if you keep them in too long so you do have to time them . Amazon 's price is the best .
 I 've had one of these around the house for the past 5 years . Mine finally crapped out , so I bought a new one . Whenver we have people over , we turn it on and throw some dogs on there . People love it ... it 's an easy way to have late night drunk food on demand .
 The Hot Dog Roller was a gift for my husband for Christmas , he loves it , and we all love it too .
 I bought this machine for my son 's carnival B-day party.I was very amazed by how easy it was to assemble.I love the small box on the top to warm the bums up.Hotdogs actually taste BETTER with this machinethan the ones cooked in the oven.FYI , we use Hebrew National 's hotdogs . You cannotput two hotdogs in a row . It only fits 1.5 hotdogsfor that particular brand hotdog.I highly recommand it .
 I recommend this product . Its a great hot dog roller in a cute package . It is easy to clean and no set up needed .
 we love our hot dog cooker.It does everything as it say 's . I would bye it for my sister.And or a friend .
 Works great , alot of fun to use with hot dogs , brats , and some corn dogs.Bun warmer built in top does a good job .
 Product as described and as assumed . Assumptions ? Well , the build quality sucks but it looks that way in the pictures . Also , it does take 20 minutes to cook a hotdog but it cooks very evenly.Also one thing to note , when you pull the hotdogs right out of a package , they are squarish , not perfectly round . So they do n't roll very well until the hotdogs heat and start plumping up . You sort of need to give the hotdogs a turn or two until they start plumping up and rolling on their own . I would suggest buying hot dogs in a different packaging.Overall , good product and makes good tasting hotdogs . Easy to clean .
 This product makes dogs that taste amazing , though I have a question , is the roller assembly that you can remove from the base able to be put in the dishwasher ? I put mine in there twice and there is some sort of white substance now around the ends of the rollers where you plug it into the motor , and now when it turns it makes a squeaking noise . Anyone who owns this effectively wash the rollers in the dishwasher ?
 1st one sent out was missing a drip tray . I contacted Amazon and waited for a replacement . The new one works great . However , The picture is a tad deceiving . It can fit 8 hotdogs true enough if you use the cheaper hot dogs but , if you use the all beef larger type or longer hot dogs you will have a little problem because there is no way 8 hot dogs will fit on the rollers . the rollers themselves are exactly 10 inches long . Anyway it is a good product .
 This product is a fun way to make hot dogs for the kids . Really enjoyed the fun with the kids .
 This thing works miracles with hot dogs ! I use it every day of every week of every month since I 've bought it . My boy will not eat a hot dog or a corn dog unless it 's been rolled . Hillshire Farms bedder Chedders or Hot links are so dadblamed GOOOD after being rolled for 30 min . The bun warmer doesnt really warm buns though , it just makes them hot and stale . BUT , I 've taken a sandwich from like Subway or hoagy shop thats supposed to be hot , and wrapped it in foil and put it inside the bun warmer , and that just makes it perfect .10 out of 10 !!
 Hotdogs just like when I was a little girl at the Hotdog and mini golf stop . This machine makes the perfect hotdog , and cleans up easily !
 I bought it for my husband and he loves it . I love it more than him though cause I like beef ball park hotdogs . I used to make my hot dogs grilled over charcole , or if I was lazy , boiled . . but not anymore . This thing cooks my hot dogs plump and warms my buns in less that 5-10mins . . no pun intended LOL . I recommend buying this if you like hot dogs as much as I do.Oh , not to mention the fact that you can clean this thing in as little as 3-5 mins . The turning grill comes off with a small tug to pull it up and nothing sticks to it . Also there is a tray where the fat falls which comes off much like the buttom of a toaster where the crums fall ... you just pull it out and wash it with soup and hot water , dry it up and put it up ... easy easy easy , I ca n't tell you enough how easy this thing really is : -RRB-
 I love my vintage hot dog roller , my childrens are so happy , they are having a lot fun with their friend , now each time that I have visitors at home I am cooking hot gos , every body is satisfied , I am recommended to everybody to buy a nostalgia electrics HDR-565 vintage collection hot dog roller , each home should to have the own hot dog roller , IT IS GREAT .
 I love this product . This is my 2nd one because the gears stripped on the first one . I like it so much I hunted around until I found one I could afford . I 'm hoping this one will last longer .
 i bought this for my brother for Christmas . i chose it because i own one myself and i know it was a good product . now he doesnt have to borrow mine all the time .
 Love the taste of the hotdogs cooked on this it was a fun gifts for my hot dog loving teen and his buddies also great for parties you can cook 8at a time and they are delicious
 I forgot hotdogs could be this good . I found a nice , medium setting that allows me to slow cook the dogs for 4-8 hours and eat them at my leasure .
 Bought this product for a baseball themed birthday party this weekend . Easy to assemble . VERY easy to clean . Cooked approx . 22 hotdogs and sausages on it over a 5 hour period . Takes a second to get the dogs really hot - much slower than a BBQ , but it was nice to just throw them on and have them hot when you wanted them . I did n't have to man a BBQ and could actually enjoy the party .
 Gave it a 4 star , because when I turned the heat down to low , the dogs got cold . this piece should have sometime to keep them warm so you can eat them throughout the night during football season . But it it cute and a conversation piece .
 The hot dogs really taste great when they are cooked on this , they take a little longer to cook but are well worth the wait .
 I bought one for myself and loved it so much that I got one for each of my 2 sisters . The rollers are easy to clean , they come right out , and the pan is easy to get out and clean . The top opens up to warm the buns . I recommend this product .
 i got this on the date you said i would , im so happy with my new hot dog roller , my family loves it , taste so good we ate two pks of dogs , something we dont usually do , taste soooo good.thanks amazon .
 This was a lot bigger than the picture - it is perfect for my g-child - Hot dogs take a while but the fun of it is all worth it !
 Works well . Great to have when you only need a few hot dogs . Also , great when there are only 2 of you and you freeze your buns . Thaw great in top while cooking hot dogs .
 This is just the thing for kids and adults . Dogs and buns get warm . Clean up is a breeze . 3rd one I bought .2 for Christmas last year and one for hubby last month ! He kept asking when we were getting one . Clean up is simple.As always , Amazon 's service is A-1 . It can not be beat !
 A guy I work with recently bought this thing and loved it . Always looking for something to make preparing a meal easy , I was interested . I will admit , I do n't eat hot dogs too often anymore , but I do like them . So , I decided , for $ 27 , why not.I ordered it on the 4th , and got it today , the 6th , so right off I 'm happy . It was packaged well - an outside box , and inside box , then the product box . Needless to say , it was in great shape.But , how does it work ? Well , first , I guess you have to put it together . That 's not an issue , four posts to put the top , or bun warmer on ; put the rollers in place and finally the drip tray . Easy , now we 're ready.I decided to test it the first time by cooking a hot dog and a couple of brats . Yes , I was hungry , I do n't normally eat that much . After a brief warm up , I put two brats on , the took a shower . When I came out , I put the hot dog on . Obviously , the dog cooked up much quicker than the brats , so I enjoyed that first.Brats are so much better when cooked outside on the grill , but since where I live , I ca n't have a grill , I need something better than stove top . And this did it . Brats finished up very tasty . The dog was excellent as well - so much better than boiling or microwaving them.Cleaning was a cinch , too . Once it 's cool , just remove the rollers , get a hot soapy sponge and wipe them down , rinse and set aside to dry . Then pull the drip tray out , same thing . Clean up is a snap!If this thing holds up , and I do n't see why it would n't , I think I 'm going to really like it . I do after the first use .
 This is a great lil machine . No problems with it at all . It is fun , looks cool and works great . The lil hot dog warmer up top is ok but if you leave you buns in it for a lil while they can get more toasted crispness to them . I prefer to always just wrap mine in wet paper towels and microwave for 10 seconds anyhow .
 I got this for my daughter . She loves it , my grandson 's could n't wait to get hot dogs and start cooking them . It 's easy as 123 to use .
 Delivered just before Christmas and the boyfriend liked it ! It worked well but then the rollers just stopped turning . Weird . Still works though . Did n't use the bread warmer but it 's being warmed with dry heat so it makes sense that it would dry out the hotdog buns .
 Bought one almost a year ago and its still cooking . It only cooks 8 at a time so its probably better for home usage as opposed to commercial usage but , for the price , its worth a try
 My wife and I were very surprised on how quickly we received this product . We love this hot dog grill and us it all the time . It is also very easy to clean . We would highly recomment this seller and this product .
 My wife looked at me when I ordered this for my man cave ... . it goes well with the pop corn machine I bought a year ago . She thought I was crazy , then when I made the first batch of hot dogs she said WOW ... three times . I kinda got jealous :-RRB- . I have used it 4 times now and tomorrow I am having the guys over for my fantasy baseball draft ... it should get quite the use then . I love it , the smell while it is cooking make your mouth salivate . I want to try it with Brats next .
 We donated or other one to the concession stand and purchased this one for ourself . Everybody talks about our hot dogs and we have the best one 's out of all the groups . Awesome purchased . Nothing is better then and awesome hot dog in the cold winter months .
 This product was exactly what we were looking for to use at my daughter 's birthday party . The kids loved being able to pull a hot dog from the unit themselves and loved the taste of the franks right off this unit .
 This is a good little cooker and is great for small gatherings.But as the title says , it would have been a five star if it had worked when we took it out of the box . Unfortunately it did n't but after taking a look inside I found one of the connecting wires had fallen off -LRB- if it were connected at all -RRB- . After reattaching the connector it worked great.If you get one that works out of the box then it 's a great little cooker .
 To start with , I received way more than I expected ! I 've only used it once and it was for a baby shower with many hungry people . We had around a 70ish count of adults and do n't remember the amount of children but this hot dog roller was a big hit . I used hot dogs for an appetizer between chips , soda , cupcakes , and pastries before the main meal . The hot dogs cooked quite fast but you have to buy small hot dogs ! We bought a bigger type and only 4 fit at a time but when those were done , the small ones fit 8 at a time , like promoted with the product . Although , we did NOT use the bun warmer since the reviews were not promising . All in all , super efficient and easy to clean . Must buy !
 I am really impressed with this little machine . It arrived exactly as described . Based on the price and pictures , I expected it to be a little flimsy and &#34; cheesy &#34; . It is anything but ! It is , of course , all plastic aside from the rollers , element and drip tray . The cooking parts are very heavy-duty and EXTREMELY easy to clean . The temperature adjustments are amazingly accurate and can be dialed to your cooking preference . I 've used it to cook quickly , slowly , and to warm , and each setting worked the way I wanted . All in all , a real bang for your buck compared to other more expensive cookers on the market . My house guests get a kick out of the design , and it goes great with my movie-themed kettle corn popper !
 I ordered two of these Hot Dog cookers for Christmas gifts . We have two grown children who each have 4 children living at home . Both children have back yard pools and entertain a lot . This item was perfect for their families . When I received it , it looked even nicer than I expected . A great gift for families , or for the person who is hard to buy for because they have everything . There is a few items in the `` nostalgia section . I will probably buy more for Birthdays , etc.Can ' t wait to eat a hot dog that will be evenly cooked .
 Had a Mickey theme hot dog party and this fit in perfect ! The machine cooks the hot dogs perfect and they taste great ! It was easy to set up and use and worth all the smiles that I got form the kids .
 Great value . Bun warmer gets buns a little toasty and warm , hot dogs & bratwurst cook with no problem . Clean up is as easy and quick . Recommend this item for small family or singles with a few guests . Great for football night .
 I bought this for my husband 3 years ago for Christmas and I have not been disappointed . At first , I was a little skeptical because it looks real cheap so I did not expect much . However , I am very happy with my purchase and I am thinking of buying another one for my in laws this year . Here are some important things to consider when buying this product : The pros : Its affordable.Easy to clean . The rollers and the lower compartment come out so you can wash them . I love that.This product will last over the years . We have not had one problem mechanically . It runs smoothly and always turns on and off.It does not just collect dust in our house . We use this every time we eat hot dogs because they come out tasty.I love that the hot dogs never burn . If you forget about them -LRB- I have forgotten about them -RRB- they will just come out real plump and red.The best part why we love this product is because the Hot dogs will come out very tasty !!! I do n't like boiling our hot dogs and never will again after using this product.It cooks the hot dogs evenly -LRB- very important . -RRB- I forgot to mention that we also use this product to cook our breakfast sausages . I am telling you its so much easier than cooking them in the pan.Cons : The on and off knobs are not labeled well enough . Sometimes I do n't know if the hot dog roller is on or not . This really bugs me . My husband has a mark on the knobs so we know when it turns on.It do n't heat up instantly . You have to let it warm up . -LRB- Honestly , this is not a problem for me but for some people it might be . -RRB- The pillars to hold up the bun warmer are a bit flimsy . They have not broken off . But they just seem flimsy .
 Perfect for the hot dog bar at my son 's Mickey Mouse Carnival themed birthday party . The dogs were thoroughly cooked , and the machine itself was precious . Break down of the item allowed for easy cleaning and storing after the event . The machine is covered by a thin plastic -LRB- not fantastic quality -RRB- , but it was sturdy enough to get the job done and to be expected for the price .
 This really turned out good . The hot dogs are cooked farely fast , -LRB- 15 to20 mins . -RRB- . Just watch the time ... after the 15 to 20 min. , turn it down or they will end up huge.The bun warmer , not so good . But I wrap them in foil and stick them in the warmer and it keeps them from drieing out . Otherwise I love it . Amazon had it for a way better price then other companies . As always good service . .
 purchased this hot dog maker because my kids loved eating the hot dogs from baseball games made on commercial machine . This little machine is great . It looks cute on kitchen counter , was east to assemble . The hot dogs taste greaat . My kids love them . Cooks hot dogs pretty fast and I usually put them on frozen . Definitly worth the price .
 This hot dog maker is obviously waay cute . It 's also a good price . Compared to other cutesy hot dog makers , 8 dogs is a good number . I love the carnival themed umbrella sneeze guard over the dogs , and having that double as a bun warmer was an inspired idea . The poles that hold up the umbrella are nice and sturdy , and it assembles in only 1 minute . This thing has many bonus features : * Rollers look just like the industrial unit at your local convenience store . They really roll ! * It can also handle 4 foot long dogs and even foot long buns ! That 's really great because my wife loves those . However , 4 is an anemic number . * Nostalgia went to the extra expense to include an on/off switch and even a temp control . Temp control should prove useful vs. devices that do not include that . * This unit includes a griddle attachment for hamburgers/bacon/sausage , etc. . I think the unit is too small to be useful for frying hamburgers ; you could only do two at a time . The griddle drops in where the rollers would otherwise go , so switching functions is not going to be convenient and will require tools or heat proof gloves if you do n't want to wait for a cool-down period . * The heating element is a beefy rectangular coil that gives good coverage of the cooking area and is directly exposed to the dogs , yielding fast , strong heat . * The drip tray , griddle , and rollers are all removable for easy cleanup . Love that . * The rollers are beefy all metal construction - nice.So that adds up to one very nice unit , of which Nostalgia should be proud . The only real shortcoming I see is that eight dogs , while a good number for a toy device like this , ca n't stand up to much crowd control . Figure at least two dogs for each child , and three for each man and you 're feeding only three to four people per batch . Assume the thing is lightning fast at ten minutes per batch and you see that you 're going to need ten of these toys to feed your super bowl party , hahahaha.Then you have to ask yourself , is this gizmo worth the space ? It 's pretty big , about the size of a toaster oven . Will you keep it out on the counter and use this special purpose device often -LRB- doubtful -RRB- ? How far back in the closet will it be stored and will you go to the trouble to drag it out to cook up dogs for three people , pack it back up , and re-store it -LRB- doubtful -RRB- ? So is it worth the space ? I think it 's probably best suited for its intended audience
 I purchased this at a Sears store for $ 9.99 . This makes THE BEST hot dogs ever . I used to microwave them , no longer . I would pay $ 40 - $ 50 for this machine it is worth every penny . I recently had a pool party and the adults were even more impressed with it then the kids . My guests now purchased one for their offices . This even toasts the buns . I placed frozen buns on top were there is a little spot for them and by the time the hot dogs were done which is 15-25 min depending on how you like them the rolls were actually toasted . I HIHLY RECOMMEND this product . It makes the hot dogs taste the way they should !
 I love this machine for one simple reason
 I bought this to use for my grandson 's fifth birthday next week after reading the glowing reviews . We -LRB- actually , he -RRB- wanted to test it out so we did . Now we have used it about 4 times . As others have said , it makes the best hot dogs ever - must be the slow dripping of the juices as it rotates the dogs . It 's easy to use and my grandson loves cooking his own -LRB- with supervision , of course -RRB- . I usually find that `` gimmicky '' things do n't work well but this really does . Morevover , cleanup is a breeze - the rollers and the drip tray both remove easily . The heated buns are great also.We just need to remember to buy `` shorter '' hot dogs for his party so we can cook eight at a time.Thanks to all the folks who took the time to review this ! I probably would n't have bought it if it was n't for the great reviewsAddendum
 Very pleased with the Hot Dog Roller w/Griddle . I use the hot dog maker often . The hot dogs taste great . Easy and fast , and clean up is easy too .
 I bought this several weeks ago in Arlington TX at Tuesday Morning for $ 19.99 . I just used it for the first time . It makes the BEST TASTING HOT DOGS EVER ! And getting it for $ 19.99 makes them taste all the better ! And the hot dogs were HOT inside . We have relatives coming next week . It 's sure to steal the show . And it 's sure to be a hit over the years with my son whose just a baby now .
 I 've had my Nostalgia hot dog cooker for about a year now . I love how it cooks my Nathan 's dogs . Depending on how fast you want them done , you can adjust the heat from very low to very high . I like my dogs very well done , close to burned , and this cooker does the job . One thing I do n't use and find useless is the bun warmer . It it too high above the heating element to do a good job of heating the buns , so I just leave it off completely . Another thing to be careful about is not to cover the heating element while cooking the hot dogs . I put a piece of aluminum foil over my dogs to keep my cats from stealing the dogs off the rollers . Glad I checked in time because the heat from the foil started to melt the plastic housing . I use my cooker at least twice a week , sometimes more . I love hot dogs and this cooker does the best job other than a charcoal grill .
 I bought this for my dad for his birthday after consulting with my mom . They both loved it . It 's cute , works well and was a hit at his birthday party . It does take a little while for the hotdogs to cook , so plan for that and start early enough . But no complaints here .
 My husband loves the hot dogs you get at convenient stores but I couldnt bring myself to eat one sitting out on the counter like that for who knows how long . This way we get the great hot dogs at home . The kids love them too . Extremely easy to clean even when the hot dogs get good and brown . Juice drips in to a tray underneath .
 I was surprised at how beautiful and sturdy these dishes are . I 'm very pleased with our purchase .
 This pie plate is not only great looking , but is extremely functional . It produces a well baked crust , with even heating . It is truly deep enough to handle even my biggest chicken pot pie recipe . The bonus is that it is also pretty enough to go to the table even with guests .
 This has the look and feel of fine quality crystal -LRB- Waterford , etc. -RRB- at a fraction of the cost . No more than we use it , this is a great product/pricepoint .
 This set is a beautiful starter set and makes for an impressive wedding gift . It is quality crystal at a reasonable price .
 The starter set was great but the service from Amazon was even better . they handled the lost set with speed and great customer care
 Matches my kitchen to a tea . Love the design and colors !
 This a lovely item with a good compacity . Heavy enough to avoid spills . I do wonder if the spoon/ladle that was pictured with the gravy boat was supposed to be included with the boat which has been the case while looking for this item . Other then that , I am very plrased . Thank you.Bev
 I gave this as agift and it just fit the occasion . They really liked it and they use it all the time for company.Highly reccomend it .
 I already had one of these but needed to order a second for a large Thanksgiving gathering . It is attractive and sturdy so one does n't worrry about pouring hot gravy into it . I must caution , however , the spoon pictured does n't come with the gravy boat .
 It 's Beautiful !!!! Very well made , it 's also dishwasher safe . This gravy boat is a great size . Great item for the price .
 This is a very nice gravy bowl , just what we needed , also a great price and very well packed , with fast delivery . Recommend this seller highly .
 For what it is -LRB- an inexpensive tp holder -RRB- , it performs great . Have had other brands , and it is built as good as any .
 These were a perfect choice for my daughters tinkerbell birthday party , these along with the tinkerbell cupcake toppers I got made a perfect birthday treat .
 My grandson -LRB- 3 years old -RRB- loves this rug . He is big into farming and it is a wonderful place for him to set up his tractors , animals , fences etc. . We have hardwood floors and this rug stays in place and does not slide around on the floor . He can roll the rug up -LRB- sort of -RRB- and put it away at the end of playtime . Farm equipment is easy to gather up because it is on the rug and not zoomed under the furniture . Colors are bright and cheerful does not show dirt and with a very active 3 year old boy that is an important feature ! Would totally recommend this play rug .
 My two year old twin grandchildren -LRB- boy & girl -RRB- love the rug and play on it all the time . Service was great as usual . Thanks , J. Mosley
 We live next to a wildlife preserve and think it is fun to have `` crossings '' signs in our yard . The antelope one was a little hard to find , so I appreciate having it .
 This is by far my favorite pan . The copper bottom distributes the heat evenly , the cooking area is huge , the steel cleans easily , and the helper hand provides secure control and is never hot .
 Table is high quality , not particle board but solid wood , beautiful and the finish is matte which is what I wanted . The only issue is the stain is darker than it appears in the picture , almost a walnut .
 Bought this to replace a very expensive crystal set I 'd given away and like it a lot for the money . It 's pretty and functional . Comes nicely packaged too . Would not hesitate to give as a gift .
 This was a nice addition to my DeMeyere set . It replaced a less expensive stainless stock pot that had rivets that caught food and made cleaning difficult . This one is nice and smooth inside and out . And it works great with my induction cooktop -LRB- my reason for buying the Apollo line -RRB- .
 These rings are heavy duty and the clips have a very strong grip . I was very surprised for the price the quality .
 I like these curtain clips as well as the color I bought . They move smoothly across the small shower rod I put above the door . It is something I came up with to keep the water from seeping through .
 Love these ring clips ! Totally changed the appearance of my drapes and also makes it very easy to go in and out of a heavily trafficked door - allows the curtains to slide back and forth smoothly and quickly with no tugging . Only downfall is that I had to adjust the top of my curtains to account for the extra length that these clips added . If I had n't folded over the top of my drapes , there would be tons of overflow on the floor .
 Love these curtain rings ! They 're sturdy and well made . I 've purchased them for most of my windows in my house . They make the curtains open and close so easily ! The nickel finish looks great ! Would highly recommend these !
 I needed to supplement the large purchase I made from JCPenny about 5 or 6 months ago . I got all new window treatments and new hardware for the living room - on sale - and after looking it all over I stashed it in the closet until I had some time to do the work ... Well , I sorely underestimated the amount of clip rings I would need for the amount of window panels I had purchased!Of course , JCP is out of them and when they do come back into stock I doubt they will be on sale at that time ... . so instead of wait 90 days and then pay more than I did before I tried Amazon ... These are the EXACT same rings I had purchased through JCP , at the very same price I paid at JCP on sale ... . approx . $ 1.00 per clip ring ... ** -LRB- which , by the way , added up to almost $ 200.00 in JUST clip rings for the living room alone ! yikes ... . add together the double rods , panels and sheers and you are looking at a cool GRAND for five windows ... . at a very low sale price ... . full price would have easily been $ 2,000.00 , o.k. , done venting now ... lol ... thanks -RRB- **** These are just SLIGHTLY larger than the 1 '' rings I had but that is my fault and by the way , you simply can not tell by either looking at the clip rings - right next to the 1.5 '' - or by measuring the difference at the bottom of the panel where it hits the floor ... . so , 1 '' or 1.5 '' , in my opinion get either and use the same way.O.k. , good luck . Have fun with your windows ... . just buy stuff that will last a long time so you do n't have to buy anything other than possibly new panels every few years and no new hardware , which is the REAL expense in re-doing your windows ... Cheers .
 These clip rings come in a package of 7 . It did not specify so I was n't sure if I ordered enough at first . I really like them . They are heavy duty , they do n't seem cheap or weak . They look modern yet sophisticated .
 I had bought a few packs of these at Target about eight months ago , thinking I had more than enough . When it finally came time to put up the new rods and hang the curtains , I discovered that I had underestimated how many I needed.As per usual , Target was out of them -LRB- or just is n't stocking these basics anymore . That 's what happens when even classics are at the mercy of a store that lives and dies on trendy . -RRB- Just for the heck of it , I searched through Amazon to see if they had these clips . Lo and behold , the SAME clips I had gotten from Target , and for $ 2 bucks less than I had paid!They work great and look fantastic . I 'm really pleased , but then , that usually happens with almost anything I buy from Amazon .
 These work great on my curtains ... they are big enough for the larger curtain rods . Look very professional .
 Excellent product . Exactly the same as in Drapery stores , but not quite as expensive . It would have been helpful to have the number of rings per bag in the description -- I had to go to customer reviews for this information .
 I wound up buying the wrong product because the picture doen not match the product . As I later learned the picture is of another less expensive product -LRB- 2 '' Curtain Rings -RRB- that has rings instead of clips . So I had to send all of these rings back for a credit and reordered the other product . Also the product description does not even mention that the rings -LRB- with clips or with rings -RRB- come in packages of 7 rings each for the price . Fortunately I discovered this by reading another review . So watch out
 This is the first time I am ever using clip drapery rings for my drapes . These clips are well made and grab the fabric well . The clips are small , which is exactly what I wanted since I used them to hang linen drapes . Word of caution
 I purchased these to work with my umbra rods for the bay windows and they are perfect . This product was surprisingly nice looking . I purchased the same set up for my livingroom windows .
 these are the best for hanging curtains , just open the clamp put in the curtain material , slide on the rod and the window treatments are finished , I use these rings for all my windows.quality metal , smoothly finished and well made .
 These clips allowed me to hang a curtain across a doorway without hampering access . They slide easily on the rod and look great !
 I purchased this double boiler several months ago and it has become one of my favorite cooking tools . Aside from being beautiful , and a very nice double boiler , it is the perfect size to use just as a saucepan . It has a nice weight - not too heavy , but substantial . The copper bottom cleans up in no time using Barkeepers Friend . The little fleur de lis design on the handle is a charming touch , too . The rivets holding the handle on are more than adequate . All in all I truly love it ! I ca n't find a thing about it that I do n't like . I would recommend it if you are in need of a nice sized double boiler .
 The wife is beside herself ... even cooking , easy clean up , beautiful appearance ... what else can I say ... Excellent Product !!!
 Love the glasses ; I have a number of Riedel wine glasses and thought I try the beverage glasses . They are terrific for a weekend cocktail . Beautiful design , clean and sleak also fine in the dishwasher .
 Part of you wants to say ... Hey what did you bring home from the Chem . Lab ; and the rest of you screams ... pure elegance and simplicity . Delicate and sheer this ai n't no Lab Class beaker.Update
 A beautiful , delicate glass for sparkling water or an ice-cold beer . Perfect for weekend relaxing , looks great and makes the beverage more enjoyable .
 Great items , but they are Riedel , non better . These are great bar and general use glassware . The simplicity is excellent . They feel great in your hand .
 The Riedel H2O Highball glass is such a nice , simple design . It feels great in the hand and on the lips . It 's diameter and thin , clean-cut walls enhance this experience . Sparkling beverages like beer are truly sublime to drink from and view in these.A small , easy-to-remove adhesive sticker on the glass claims it 's made of lead-free , tyrol crystal . It certainly feels to be of a very high quality , almost `` lab grade '' material in it 's smoothness , cut , clarity , thickness consistency and precision.A possible bonus for film , robotic , or extracted juice/smoothie geeks
 These are great glasses . Thin , large enough to hold about 120z of water . A good buy and an absolutely terrific glass .
 These glasses are great !! They look very expensive . They are very lightweight so be careful when washing by hand . I purchased the double old fashioned size too .
 These glasses are ultimate in aesthetic and appeal . Lightweight , perfectly clear lead-free crystal but fragile . Definitely not the glass to give a young kid who might be rough with it -- but a great glass that will be as marvelous as the premium drinks you fill it with . I 've already broken 2 of these glasses yet I still purchase them because they are that fantastic .
 Bought a set to start , loved them at first touch/glance . They are stunning and sure to impress . Bought another set within minutes of inspecting the first set . I 've run them in the dishwasher now a number of times and have had no issues . They are dishwasher safe .
 Riedel glasses are great quality . They are a little more expensive and they have an understated elegance to them . If you are looking for every day use type of glasses for the family and kids , pass on these . They are rather thin walled and not designed for the wear and tear of `` kids '' use . However , if you are looking for something for more `` adult '' occasions , these are wonderful glasses . They feel great in your hand and I have n't had any issues putting them in the dishwasher . I 've purchased 4 different styles of Riedel glasses .
 I 've always loved my Reidel Wine glasses , but this line from Reidel is a great addition to the kitchen and bar - just excellent and needs little care ...
 Was looking for shower rings that would stand up to the moistness ; these I recommend.Char
 WOW , this table is awesome . It is absolutly beautiful . Anywhere you want to put it i promise it will look like it 's made for just your house . It is alittle expensive and I am glad we paid . This is just the greatest table ever .
 I love Jim Shore stuff , especially his Christmas figures . This one was wonderful - I love this snow globe .
 Farberware makes great pots and pans and this is one of them . I already had two of these exact same frying pans and needed another one . I was preparing for a dinner party and needed to use them all at the same time . They are made of heavy duty steel , very strong and will last for years . It 's a large and deep size pan and the lid fits well . I am very happy with my new Farberware cooking pan .
 I purchased this pan to supplement the 10 piece classic collection . I did n't realize the pan was so big . I have a glass cooktop and the pan is much bigger than the biggest burner . This is n't a problem if what I am cooking has a sauce -LRB- e.g. goulash or chicken & dumpings -RRB- , however , if I am frying something I need to keep to the center of the pan . Still , I have learned how to make use of the different heat zones and like using this pan .
 Great quality and good price on Amazon ! Large surface are for when you are frying a larger quantity at one time . It is a little heavy since it is larger . Works great !
 I was so excited to find that Farberware still makes the classic pots and pans . I have had a 1 quart farberware pot since my wedding reception 39 years ago ! I became fed up with teflon or silverstone coatings as I ruined a beautiful stainless steel chicken fryer by forgetting it on the stove , and the coating would not release the burn and it became useless for cooking , as it changed the heat consistency . Because I had the one pot , actually two pots , one is a small frying/saute pan , and had burned something in the saute pan once before , I realized there is nothing like interior stainless steel . It cleans up no matter what you do to it . I decided to replace the one I ruined with Farberware stainless interior . I have since used it and I LOVE IT ! Sometimes the new technology is not better . Farberware keeps the old days alive . Can you tell I 'm happy with my purchase ? Yep , I am , and as each teflon pan bites the dust , I 'll replace it with stainless Farberware . By the way , using Barkeeper 's Friend keeps all my stainless beautiful inside and out .
 It has good space for cooking a large meal . But , the surface is not good for stir frying vegetables with less oil as they stick to the surface . Cleaning is easy though .
 This pan is like the one my mom used when I was growing up . I love it and feel much safer using stainless steel than non-stick pans .
 I have owned a Faberware skillet for at least 25 yrs . I love to cook , and I love this skillet . It cooks evenly , and cleans easily .
 My mother has owned this pan ever since I can remember , and she used it three or four times each week for at least 10 years , from the time I was aware of such things until the time I moved out . She still uses it 15 years later . I truly believe she has never replaced it in all that time . I have since purchased a set for myself including the frying pan , and it is a very durable product . Best and most even heating of any pans I 've owned . It 's got a very comfortable weight balance and I do n't have to worry about the handle getting hot . I like the classic version without the teflon because you never have to worry about scraping the coating off.I love Farberware Classic and I want to complete my set and never have to worry about buying new pans again .
 Farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots & pans . Note
 How many products do you know when you buy it that it will last 30 or 40 years ? This is one of them . My mom has had hers for 35 years , I 've had mine for 5 . It 's simply the best pan out there . It cooks evenly , it goes in the dishwasher , the handles stay cool , and you do n't have to use plastic spatulas . The only problem that somebody might have is that it is not nonstick . For that reason my wife usually uses a Calphalon nonstick professional pan , even though it ca n't be cleaned in the dishwasher and you have to treat it carefully . So if you must have nonstick , buy something else . But if you want a large , beatiful , indestructible pan that will last longer than you will , buy this pan !
 This is a great pan for preparing meals . I generally have trouble with a pan being able to hold all of the ingredients , but this one is definitely up to the task . Although it 's not stick-proof , most of my cooking involves sauces or olive oil -LRB- usually both -RRB- , resulting in relatively easy cleanup . Keep in mind that it 's very heavy -LRB- 12 inces of stainless steel -RRB- , but it does n't warp , tip over , or get knocked off the counter .
 I was nervous about buying a skillet that was not non-stick , but it was a GREAT decision , and I 'll never go back . I am impressed by how the product evenly distributes heat so that there 's no worry about your food being unevenly cooked . I also find that the food tastes much better . In sum , I want to marry this skillet .
 We needed to replace a 30 year old Farberware frypan . This pan was better than we expected . We are so grateful for Amazon.com !!!
 I 'm a serious cook , and I like serious cookware . In fact , I wo n't use lightweight pots and pans because they do n't cook properly . This pan is going to get a lot of use , I 'm thinking.I wo n't need this big of a frying pan too often now that my boys are all grown up , but when they come for dinner ... I used to use Calphalon , but those are too heavy for me now , so my sister gets that set . The Farberware is almost as heavy -- heavy enough to cook properly -- but not too heavy for me to lift . Besides , it 's really pretty , and the set of Farberware pots and pans I bought from Amazon.com is just too good looking for words . And they cook like a dream and clean up more easily than many pots and pans that bill themselves as `` non-stick '' . I reccommend it .
 I love this product . Been using Farberware for years ! A few years ago I purchased a more expensive set and was n't pleased with it . I would recommend Farbereware to anyone !!! THE BEST
 You 'll want to get this pan . It 's built like a tank !! It does not have that cheap feeling like so many pans do these days . I like how it cooks and cleans up.Happy cooking .
 My wife and I have two of the 12 inch pans and a10 inch pan , they are the best pans for cooking large meals . When you want to make double tunahelper or spainish rice you have the right size.It is also great for frying chicken , it is the best pan , and my children owen them also .
 The bottom is a concealed core and not the old copper bottom which discolors in the dishwasher . The pan is constructed like the Sears New Home cookware that can not be found anymore , with stainless steel concealed copper cores that distribute heat evenly but the copper not exposed to be corroded on the bottom . The style is the same as the old version of this pan , it is just an improvement in the bottom that has made this pan even better than it was .
 Bought this frying pan as a gift for my son who loves to cook and is very Ruth on Teflon types . He loves the more even heating space of this pan
 It is a nice heavy gauge stainless and I love it ! It cooks evenly and cleans easily . One small addition that would make this a 5 for me is to have a wider handle .
 This fry pan is perfect for large recipes . My new range has a 21 &#34; burner and the fry pan works well on it . I would recommend it for anyone who fixes large recipes . All of our pans are Farberware which have done well for us , so I would n't purchase any other brand .
 Product arrived promptly , nicely packaged , in perfect shape . We were looking for a large frying pan with a flat bottom for our glass-topped stove and this has fit the bill perfectly .
 I already own a lot of Faberware . This was an easy decision . I needed a large fry pan and I really try to cook mostly with stainless steel . This pan is big enough and the height is just right to cook a large amount of vegetables . I make large meals and the two pans I use a lot is the Faberware 12 quart stock pot and this pan . It is easy to clean and great for cooking . Amazon once again came through with great products and good resellers .
 After ruining a 50 + yr . old Revere ware pan this size , I opted for this product , and I 'm glad I did . But understand that the extra handle is meant to be used.I found that this product lives up to its promises - you need less gas or a lower setting on an elecric range to get the same results . This gets hot slowly , but stays hot a long time , so you have to be sure to set it to the right spot the first time.I make massive quantities of spaghetti sauce in this , the straight and high sides help to make that happen without a mess on the stove .
 I ca n't wait to make potato latkes in this pan ! The size and shape are just what I need and it is an excellent heat conductor . This is a solid pan and a great value .
 I looked quite a while to find a large frying pan that was NOT non-stick . Some were extremely expensive , some had no lids , some were way too heavy , or the handles were awkward to hold . I wanted a lid ! This pan is great . It is a bit heavy , but has the helper handle , so I can lift it full of food even though I 'm rather weak . The main handle is comfortable . The pan cooks fine as far as what I need . I can cook a lot of vegetables or chicken at a time using oil . If bits remains stuck after cooking , I let the pan soak in water for a while and clean it with soap and a plastic scrubby . I store it hanging by the main handle on a hook , with the helper handle resting on another support hook below . I 've had it several years now with no problems , using it about once a month .
 This 12 inch covered pan from Farberware is a wonderful addition to the kitchen of a cooking enthusiast . It is very high quality -LRB- unlike some of the other recent pots & pans from Farberware -RRB- , features a thick base for even heat distribution/regulation , and a well designed two-handle system - this comes in handy when this pan is fully loaded as it can get heavy . I regularly make marinara sauce , artichokes , chicken cacciatore , and various other dishes using bone-in split chicken breasts . As far as food sticking , just use a small amount of oil and you will be good to go . 12 inch size is perfect for preparing main course meals for a party of four or five . I recommend hand washing - it has been my experience that dishwashers destroy nice pots/pans -LRB- and knives ! -RRB- over time . Highly recommended !
 I had Farberware Classic before it was a `` classic '' . I received it in 1970 as a wedding gift and used it for twenty years . I then changed to another brand and quickly discarded that brand for a new set of Farberware Classic . The quality is awesome and the prices are very reasonable . I wo n't use anything else , I 've learned my lesson ! When you have the best , do n't shop around !
 This is a great pan , easy to clean , sturdy - we have had many Faberware products and this one , as usual , stands out .
 I love my non-stick pans but they tend to be short-lived and have to be replaced every four or so years . Even when in good shape the non-stick is n't a very good pan for frying meats because they do n't caramelize and they do n't leave any fond for a sauce or gravy . Other than steaks -LRB- cast iron -RRB- this pan does meats the way they should be done . Pork chops taste good again . It 's really large and has more cooking surface than my 12 '' non-sticks . It 's indestructible . I unwittingly left the pan filled with soapy water on the burner and forgot about it for hours it until I finally smelled the smoke . The pan was coated black . I was going to throw it out but I figured what the heck so I gave a try to clean it . I used abrasive pads and sponges I could never try on non-stick and it cleaned up nicely . That was three years ago and the pan lives !
 This is a solid , high quality skillet . Everything about it is great ... sturdiness , even heat distribution , tall sides , nice lid , and ease of cleaning . It lasts forever and makes an excellent gift for people who love to cook !
 I 've been using this pan for seven years . I confess , I originally bought it because I was sick of my Hamburger Helper boiling over all the time . But as I 've become a better cook , I 've come to appreciate how great this pan really is . It takes longer to heat up -LRB- maybe 10-15 minutes -RRB- because it 's so thick on the bottom and because you can only put the heat up to medium . But it gets burning hot even on that lower heat , and it 's evenly hot , even on my electric range . It 's hard to burn anything in this pan -- you have to actually forget that you had something on the stove . -LRB- Not that I 've done that , ha ha . -RRB- This was my first pan that was n't a non-stick , and I was worried about clean-up , but clean-up is easy -- I 've never needed to use anything but a kitchen sponge to get it perfectly clean . The paper that came with it said you could put it in the dishwasher , but I do n't -- it 's too big . I use it to sear steaks , cook stews , make chicken tiki marsala , fajitas , etc. . As I 've become a better cook , I have n't needed anything but this same pan . About once a year I need to tighten the screw on the handle , but I 've had no other problems with it whatsoever .
 I have my original set of Farberware Classic pots & pans when I got married 36 yrs . ago . It did not include the 12 '' fry pan which I wanted . It 's a sturdy pan and cleans up easily . The BEST feature is the helper handle . This handle makes taking the pan from cooktop to table sooooo much easier , since a large pan as this can get very heavy when filled.A GREAT FRY PAN AT A GREAT PRICE !!!!!!!!!!!
 I LOVE this Reidel glass . It brings be back to my honeymoon in Australia . My hubby and I stayed at an exclusive resort on the Whitsunday Islands called Qualia , and they used these glasses for their special tropical juice every morning . A beautiful and simple design !
 It only holds a small volume of water , but it 's classy and cute . I feel classy and cute while using it .
 These glasses have a modern feel with a clean look and great shape . Good for water , cocktails , margaritas , etc. .
 I never thought I 'd leave a review for drinking glasses , but I have to for these . I 'm so glad bought these glasses . They are light and fit nicely in the hand . When you are drinking water in these you can see clearly through the bottom of the glass and your vision is not blocked . They offer simple yet elegant , clean lines and would fit in well in a modern/minimalist kitchen . I love drinking water in these.The glasses are light and on the more delicate side , so not the best choice for households with children . For the rest of us these are wonderful !!
 although a bit shorter than i had in my mind , this is the perfect little glass for water/juice . the crystal is machine made , so do n't expect the same quality as some other riedel products .
 I first found these at the Park Hyatt Washington D.C.They still make me smile and feel like I am drinking in luxury with this think wonderful glasses . They are very clear and the right size . They have a flat bottom so if they sweat they stick to a glass table a little , but I just love them . I thought of getting the wine glasses for water/juice but these work better without hitting your nose and are easier to wash .
 Quick delivery ; beautiful glasses . All what I expected the glasses and service to be . Thank you .
 The glasses are very thin , which makes for a great drinking experience . I realized at some point a few years ago that drinking out of a thin glass makes a big difference in enjoyment -- you get a perfect mouthful every time.After doing some research on Amazon , I bought both these and some Libbey glasses , which were half the price . The Riedel glasses are clearly superior . The Libbey ones are OK , but the Riedel glasses , in my opinion , are worth paying more for . Because of how thin they are , I 'm careful with them -- I 've only hand washed them at this point , and am deliberately gentle when I set them down . It 's possible I do n't need to be so cautious , but I 'd like to keep them around for a long time ! If you have young children in your household , the Libbey glasses seem sturdier -LRB- but is also why they are not as enjoyable to drink out of -RRB- . The Riedel glasses are so thin , you * almost * feel like you could cut yourself on them . -LRB- Not that they are sharp or painful in any way ; just describing the thinness ! -RRB- I also boughtRiedel H2O Whiskey/Double-Old Fashioned Glass , Set of 2 , which are essentially the exact same shape as these , but I prefer the whiskey glasses because they 're about twice as tall . These smaller ones need to be refilled more often.The reason I 'm giving this product 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the level of condensation that forms with ice-cold drinks . It seems to be far more than normal . Coasters are a MUST with these glasses if you like to put ice in your drinks . And even with a coaster , a big enough pool of liquid forms at the bottom that I actually need to sop it up with a towel , or it threatens to drip off the coaster and onto the table . Still , if that 's the price I have to pay for such a great glass to drink out of , I pay it gladly .
 As you would expect from Riedel a great quality product and the perfect size for a dram of whatever keeps you warm .
 I first saw these glasses in a wine bar . They are elegantly simple and it looked almost as if the water in them was standing in a column all by itself . Light to the touch and very nice crystal . Packed nicely and arrived quickly .
 I was looking for everyday glasses to use for tea , liquor , water , and juice , when I came upon these . They actually hold more liquid than I thought and I 'm very happy with them . They are very delicate and light in the hand with the perfect edge that is not to sharp but still gives you that high quality feel .
 These Riedel glasses are the perfect water/juice glass . They look elegant , are very fine to touch & the perfect size.Amazon , from whom I purchased the product were expedient , responsive & efficient in the supply of the items . I recommend both the product & the supplier & would both buy them again & from Amazon .
 In need of new pots and pans , I shopped numerous stores to see the latest products available . I finally looked into Consumer Reports to get their review . The Farberware Copper Clad Millenium Edition pans were highly recommended . I searched again for best prices . I am extremely pleased with my new pans . I even had the opportunity to test the `` copper bottom '' which is to heat more evenly . I cooked corn on the cob for a crowd using new and old Dutch Ovens . The Farberware product came to a boil faster !!!! I love them . They clean up very well !
 The cookware is well constructed . I like the stainless steel interiors without a coated non-stick finish . The pans cook as well in the oven as they do on top of the stove . The lids also go in the oven . The copper clad bottoms enable me to cook on lower heat . After frying or baking , the pans clean easily ; no hard scrubbing needed . I do not put the pans in the dishwasher . The cookware is well worth the price and I recommend it to anyone wanting a quality product .
 This is a very good set . Heavy , even heating , nice looking , pretty easy to clean , and the set include most pieces you need for day to day . The 5-quart saute pan is really mega-huge and hard for a small woman such as myself to wield , but it works nicely for stovetop browning to oven finishing dishes . I am going to supplement the set with several nonstick pieces because you just can do delicate fish in these pans , it 'll rip to shreds . My dad was over helping me cook and he said `` is that All-Clad '' . I was like `` as if I could afford it '' ! Worth every penny and then some . As much as I 've always yearned for the high end stuff , I do n't think I would bother now that I know you can get so much for so little .
 I bought a set of these pots several years ago and am very happy with them . They are durable , and conduct heat nicely . I have not had a problem with them . They are not available any longer , but I would recommend them for a fairly priced product .
 I first bought the 12 '' skillet from this set and thought it was great . It is quite shiney and cool looking and heats everything up evenly which is great . However , things do stick to the pan quite a lot . Clean up is super easy though so it is not a big deal and I do n't get a regular dose of tephlon in my meals anymore.I just ordered this set and I am very excited , but just as another reviewer said ... the product says it will ship in about 24 hours . Well , that is a big fat lie . I ordered mine a week ago and it still has not shipped . They are claiming that I might get it by the end of the month . So if you are in a rush , this is not the set for you .
 I ordered a used steamer before this one and it had a hole in the handle . I did get a refund . This steamer is new and it is sturdy .
 I 've had it for a few weeks and i love it . It holds and distributes heat perfectly and the steamer add on is great for veggies .
 It was a great addition to my set . I was tired of the other hard to clean steamer thing-a-ma-jigs , this cleans up wonderfully .
 It met all my expectations and I chose this rating because I really enjoyed using it . It does exactly what it is supposed to do .
 Arrived quickly and in good shape . Steams veggies and heats food like a charm . This requires more words which is silly .
 I bought this as a gift to replace a glass steamer that cracked while in use . I was glad to find one in sturdy stainless steel made by a reputable company .
 had to buy two -LRB- one for a gift -RRB- would give out more as gift if needed ... quick ship too . great product
 I like this pot but it is too small for big cooking . If you plan to have a big party do n't buy it .
 I like the size of this as I live alone half the time . I can use the insert as a strainer also . It seems the integrity of the steel is thinner than another set I have from several years ago . Everything seems to be smaller and thinner . Even the pancakes at IHOP .
 I bought this to replace an old Faberware steamer set that was showing its age . Works well , stacks and stores easy .
 solid , well built , great steamer , very pleased !!! Would reccomend , but like another person said , Watch them HOT handles !!! but dont let that stop you .
 Works great now I get the best steamed veggies the company sent it fast I give the company and the steamer 5 star
 it met all expectations , and just the size i needed for the recipe i was cooking . Good value for price .
 A little small but it is what is advertised . Easy to clean , works with any kind of food , makes me eat healthy !
 This is the perfect size to steam veggies for 1-2 people . Pot is sturdy feeling , I am sure it will last many , many years as all my other Faberware pots have.However the item arrived in the manufacturers box , no outer box or packing at all just a rubber band wrapped around the shelf box and an address sticker slapped on ... good thing it was steel !
 I am very happy with my product . I think the price is good and the quality is excellent . I am confident that my new ` classic ' steamer will last for a long time because of its construction . I will put it to good use . Try it you would not be disappointed . Just right for the small or average family .
 I purchased the Farberware Classic Stack N Steam 3-Quart Saucepot and Steamer and was very pleased they have not cut back on quality weight cookware like my original Revereware has . The pot is heavyweight and very durable . It is a good size for 1 or 2 person cooking whether you use the steamer or not . 3 quart is a good midsize piece and I am purchasing another . Great product , excellent price and still made like many many years ago . Do n't hesitate to purchase it as an additional piece to your everyday cookware .
 I received the Farberware Classic Stack 'N Steam 3-Quart Saucepot and Steamer and was surprised at the wonderful quality considering the low price of this piece . It is a good sturdy pot with heavy duty coiled rims and a well fitting lid.Looking at the picture , one might think this is a huge pot . But its beauty is that it is small and fits perfectly on the small burner on my glasstop stove . For everyday cooking for 1-6 people , it is perfect . Because it does fit the small burner perfectly , the handles do not even get warm . Perhaps the people who had issues with the handles getting hot were using it on a big burner or on a gas stove with the flame too high.I am definitely impressed with the quality .
 My search for a steamer began when family members decided they wanted hot dogs prepared at home to be steamed rather than boiled or microwaved -LRB- the steaming method is used by many hot-dog vendors -RRB- . Naively , I thought it would be a simple matter to locate a steamer . Instead I found many choices for electric steamers and a couple steamer inserts . The only authentic steamer I could locate is the Farberware Classic Steamer . I 'm very pleased with the product and my only criticism is it would be nice if Farberware offered their Classic Steamer in at least one larger size . If you are looking for the genuine article , this is IT . Made me regret not purchasing Farberware earlier . Absolutely impeccable quality and pricing . It 's like jewelry for your kitchen ! I have found the bottom pan most helpful and I like having one product that is able to perform different functions . Please as other reviewers have stated just remember to lift the lid off away from you and turn off the burner before attempting to move the Steamer . I like to take the contents out of the steamer using tongs or spoons because that way the water can just cool and steam can vent , that way I avoid having to cope with the very hot water . You will like this unit and it is so classic I recognized Farberware cookware being used in the old tv show `` Leave It To Beaver '' -- when a company/product lasts this long there is definitely quality involved !
 Maybe `` A customer from CLEVELAND , OH '' was trying to cook more than one ostrich egg , because this thing has lots of room - as any 3qt pot will - for MANY normal sized chicken eggs . This thing is for steaming , anyway!This is a great steamer . The only thing I do n't like about it is the lack of a longer handle to stay cool away from the flame/burner . The small handles on this thing get very hot , and after cooking my ostrich eggs I have never been able to grab it off the stove without pot holders . High quality , definitely worth the price.UPDATED 09-25-10 : I 've had this steamer pot since Oct. 2002 - 8 years ! - and it has steamed tons of broccoli , artichokes , and asparagus . No ostrich eggs , yet ! :P Aside from discoloration of the inside/bottom of the pan -LRB- caused by forgetting to put water in the thing with the burner turned on high - Oops ! -RRB- , it 's still in excellent condition and working great .
 I bought this with the idea that I could use it for cooking pasta . If this is what you seek look elsewhere . It 's a good pot for the price and will be a good steamer . The insert is not deep enough to cook pasta , however , and I 'll have to find another pot for that purpose .
 It is almost 2 months since I bought this steamer . I have used it almost every day from the day I received it . Most vegetables can be steamed in 3 to 5 minutes . Beets take about 20 minutes -LRB- I like it soft , my husband prefers a little crunchy - that needs only 15 minutes of steaming -RRB- . These days , I steam the vegetables in this cooker and then saute it for 2 to three minutes with the other ingredients already fried . Cooking seems to be much faster and the vegetables are definitely tastier now with their original color retained.As some reviewers have mentioned , the pot base stained right after the first steaming . Even with immediate cleaning , the marks were lightly seen . The second time I used it , I added a thin slice of lime to the water in the pot -LRB- as I usually do for the pressure cooker -RRB- . No stains ! So water stains is not a problem at all . In fact , after use , the steamer looks as clean as before , even with a water rinse . But I do use dish soap for psychological reasons.I had also read about the ears getting hot and making it difficult to hold the steamer basket while emptying the vegetables to another vessel . They do get hot but I found them very bearable hot . May be , my heat threshold is high . Over all , I love the functional part of this steamer most , not to forget the finish . The quality of steel seems to be good . To date , it still looks new and shiny . I find it the best value for money . Would strongly recommend this to any one looking for a steamer for a family of two/three -LRB- you could steam multiple times if needed for additional members -RRB- .
 I decided to purchase this item because my boyfriend loves steamed cauliflower and I love it ! I found it really easy to clean -LRB- it 's dishwasher safe -RRB- , quick to use -LRB- usually 15 minutes top -RRB- and best of all , my veggies taste so much better than they would if I had microwaved them . Thus , if you 're looking for a simple veggetable steamer , I highly recommend this one !
 I really enjoy the 3-qt . steamer . It is the right size for me . It is attractive and I like the heavy weight . I recommend it .
 Hi Folks , The reason I like this Farbeware steamer is that it is compact and it is straightforward and uncomplicated.You simply fill up the lower vessel with water until about half way or a little more . Then , after peeling and cleaning any vegetables that might need cleaning , you place those veggies in the top chamber and cover it , and then you put that top with the cover into the bigger pot even before the water boils -LRB- if you like you can do it once it begins to boil -RRB- . Then , in about twenty minutes or so , after it has begun to boil -LRB- not after you put it in -RRB- , you can lift the lid and stick a fork in the veggies to see if they are as done as much or as little as you 'd like . and if `` yes '' you shut off the fire and enjoy the healthy food . Cleaning the steamer is very easy if you do n't forget to turn off the fire . If you burn things , you will have to work hard to clean but eventually it gets completely shiny and clean.Yes , I would recommend this product to my friends and family .
 This steamer is not too big and not too little . Just right for cooking for 1 or a crowd . I like the fact that even if the water is boiling , I can lift the top part of the pan with the vegetables and see how much water is left without using a pot holder . The handles stay cool . I highly recommend this steamer .
 I have owned this for years , and I use it more than any other pot in my collection . I use it both for steaming and for cooking . I am single , and the 3-quart size is perfect for making several servings of soup . It also will accommodate a large serving of vegetables , or a chicken breast or two for making chicken salad -LRB- watch to make sure that at least some of the holes in the steamer are uncovered -RRB- . This pot cleans up really well .
 This is a simple , robust , and affordable steamer . The pots are of a high quality stainless . Very effective for one who does n't want to spend a lot ; it should last a good while too .
 Just love this little pot . Have been a Farberware user for over 35 years and finally replaced my 3 quart saucepan with this gem . It 's a great size for a small family , does n't take up much room on the stovetop . Only concern is that the handles do get hot and you need to use a glove or towel to use the handles after boiling or high temps . I would recommend this pot to anyone in the market for mini-size soup/stew preparations .
 We are so happy with this steamer . It is just the right size for the two of us . We are trying to eat healthier and that means a lot more vegies . We used to cook them in water and boy what a difference . The vegetables have so much better flavor that we even like the better . You can not go wrong with this pan
 This is a great little pot that 's perfect for steaming vegetables for 2-3 people . I love the classic design that fits right in with my 30 year-old cookware set .
 Farberware is so worth the extra money . It is easy to clean , lightweight , and excellent quality . It will cook the food evenly , and not leech terrible things into the food because it is stainless steel . I happened to come across a set of pots and pans of Farberware at a yard sale and since then I have been hooked . Now every piece I look to add to my cooking collection I try to get Farberware !!
 This steamer , like all Faberware products I own , is high quality . It steams my vegetables perfectly . Highly recommended .
 How did I get by all these years without this ? It is wonderful , worth every penny and more ! No more cheap steaming baskets with missing legs.Thanks , Faberware , I also bought one for each of my grown kids !
 We love this little steamer ! We have had one for um ... perhaps 10 years and it looks like new ! We bought a second for the cabin . I steam everything in it
 I had been using those cheap steamer trays that fall apart all my life and finally found this yesterday on Amazon.I ordered this specifically for the steamer basket that is included.There is n't a good picture of the steamer online so I uploaded my own customer image.I ordered this yesterday and received it today using super saver shipping . I have already used it and it is exactly what I wanted to steam my carrots , broccoli , and red potatoes.I am also pleasantly surprised by the thickness of the pan . Also , I 'm happy the lid is not glass . I just think everything about it is awesome . Please see my uploaded customer images .
 This is a good steamer for everyday . It is small enough to steam a head or bag of any vegetable . Yet it seems smaller than most of the bulky ones .
 Just nice a size steamer for two people . And can use as a pan to cook in for other things .
 I was requested to purchase a new 3 quart Farberware pot for Christmas . Finding a pot with a perfect matched steamer was an added bonus . Our only minor complaint is that this pot uses a double grip handle vs. the single stem handle . If it could have been the single stem pot with double handled steamer I think we would use the base pot more . Regardless , for the price , warranty , and brand to match all our other pots , this purchase was an easy one to make .
 We have always steamed our vegetables and when we purchased a vacation home we looked high and low for a steamer but found very few that met our standards of stainless steel and good quality . The Farberware SS steamer for the price is an incredible buy . . will last a life time .
 Love this pan ! The pan itself is a very high quality metal . The lid is a little thinner but that does n't hinder it 's usefulness . We have cooked fresh broccoli and baby carrots in it so far . Both were wonderful ; especially the baby carrots . They were fork-tender in only about 15 minutes . No need to even butter them as they were so sweet . What a healthy , tasty way to cook !
 This is the first Saucepot Steamer I 've owned . I always made due without one . All I can say is I 've used this little pot more in 4 weeks than I have other pans I 've owned for years . It 's easy to clean , not too heavy - but definitely not flimsy , the pieces fit together great , and it 's the perfect size for two people . I 've never owned Faberware before and I am very pleased with my first purchase . Also very happy with the price , Amazon 's Free Super Shipping , and the packaging . It 's really nice in todays world to get a well made product for a good price .
 This is perfect for steaming veges and for hot dogs and buns . We have used it many times in the short time we have had it . And it matches all of our existing Farberware perfectly . Definately a great buy .
 I use this pot for cooking items with liquid every week . The handles are strong enough for the full pot . Do not use dishwasher for this pot as the water will stain the pot .
 Quality stainless-steel saucepot , perfect for cooking pastas , steaming veggies and meat , and heating sauces . Not sure what I 'd do without it !
 This was a gift and it 's great . Tha fact that we used another type of steamer with the handles inside the cover made it more complicated to remove the basket without getting burned . These handle are great !
 I literally use this steamer every day ... it 's perfect if your steaming just a few vegi 's or a whole pot of vegi 's . Now that I have this steamer I ca n't emagine not having it ! It makes cooking healthy meals soooo much easier that there 's no excuse any more for not cooking food that is just much better for you . clean up could not be easier and you ca n't beat the cost either ! Good job Farberware !
 I was a microwave or toaster junkie for years until a friend suggested I try steaming my food for a healthier option . I really thought she was outdated in her cooking style , but I purchased this set to try it out . Now I can quickly steam fresh vegetables , sweet potatoes , meats , and even re-heat food in just minutes . The pots are not lined with a non-stick surface , which was fine with me . However , I did n't put enough water in the pot to last for my high heat and 30 minutes of cooking various items . Do n't trust that you can see through the little holes to figure out how much water is left . I did and burned -- yep , literally turned it black as night on the inside -- by letting it continue to heat and the water level go down to nothing . If you do this , you will have to spend the amount of the set to replace the bottom pot only . Just do n't be silly like me , and keep plenty of water in this steamer and you 'll feel healthier with natural vitamins the food intended to give you !
 I basically bought this to steam vegetables . I use it to boil rice and steam vegetable at the same time . The only problem that I face is that the handles gets warm pretty quickly .
 I was happy to see the steamer basket is much deeper than I expected . A pound of frozen broccoli fits easily inside . It holds a nice amount of water in the pot below so I do n't need to worry about it boiling dry when I steam . The first time I used it to boil water left little brown dots all over the inside bottom . Not rust ... just discoloration . I did n't use salt and it was over medium heat . The holes stamped in the steamer have some rough edges so be careful . I was careful with the handles after reading other reviews and used hot pads . Overall it is a very convenient pot and I 'm pleased with it .
 I love this steamer . We had gotten one for our wedding 28 years ago and it was time to replace it . This is the same size , but has bigger holes -LRB- not too big -RRB- , which I like . It is n't the same brand as what we had but think this made better . It does n't have a steam excape spout but I do n't use that very often anyway . Love the stainless steel .
 I am very happy with this product . I have steamed spinach , broccoli , corn ... they all came out great . I put about 1 inch of water on the bottom , bring it to a boil , place my vegetables in the top-section , rinse them under water , then steam my spinach for about 3 minutes , broccoli for about 6 minutes . Great product .
 We used this for Christmas dinner , and love it . I recommend this for stemming fresh veggies . Handles did not get hot .
 We installed an induction oven and needed a steamer that would work with it . This is great because it is n't heavy like a lot of induction cookware and it 's versatile . We use it as a steamer for vegetables and as a sauce pot .
 This is a set which I 've purchased as a gift for many young people and couples starting out . It is great for steaming vegetables , with the insert , or any other cooking without it . Because it does n't have a non-stick coating it will not deteriorate and you will own it as long as you wish . -LRB- Mine has a steamer insert which looks a little different , but I 've had it for more than thirty years -RRB- . While the insert is n't deep enough to use as a pull-out drainer of pasta , cooking pasta in the pot , and then using the steamer insert as a colander , in the sink , works quite well .
 I have owned this pot for less than a year . It is a perfect size for steaming veggies for 3 or 4 people and it does a nice job of it . I use it a lot . It will hold much more than one chicken 's egg ! I like the handle design BUT I am very disappointed that one of the handles actually has a large piece chipped off of it . I never expected this to happen . This is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 . Also , the finish is difficult to keep nice looking . Water seems to `` stain '' it . However , this is not a priority for me .
 Fast delivery . Good quality . a little smaller than expected , though . Good for steaming vegetables and meat for a family of three or four .
 Excellent steamer pot . I was not sure about the size as it was for my Wife . And even after we received it my Wife commented that it may be too small . But , after her first time using it she was very happy with it . The size is perfect for cooking for three to four people . And you can cook rice in the bottom while you steam the vegetables . Great product and great service . Thank you !
 I 'm no Wolfgang Puck , I bought this because I wanted to start eating healthier and I love steamed veggies . So far I 've only steamed veggies and usually I do too much for 1 person . This is easily good for 2-3 people if desired . Easy to use and clean as well . Works just as it is designed to .
 Great quality from Farberware as usual . Good thickness to the steel , beautiful smooth matte exterior and mirror exterior finishes , nice bakelite handles that do n't get overly hot on the stove , nice rolled edges , good design right down to every detail . The steamer works excellently and is just the right size for small meals to full family dinners for 4 . The bottom of the steamer is high enough from the bottom of the pot that I can put up to 3 or 4 inches of water without getting my vegetables wet and the steamer insert has its own bakelite handles so you do n't struggle to get it out . This is simply perfect - I ca n't think of anything I would do different , even if I was having it made to order .
 I really like this steamer . It 's the perfect size for one or two people and is very well made . I had a small problem with spots appearing on the inside bottom of the pan after half an hour of boiling water , that were rather difficult to scrub out . . but found that by pouring plain white vinegar in -LRB- just enough to completely cover the bottom of the pan -RRB- before adding the water the problem was solved . There was no change in the taste of the food.I have been looking forward to steamed meals ever since I got this set . The menu this evening is salmon and asparagus , with a lemon white sauce . For the relatively low cost and for the durable construction of this steamer set , I would rate it an excellent value!UPDATE
 I never wanted to hassle with the trouble of a bamboo steamer . This pot works great for quickly getting good results with fresh and frozen veggies . In retrospect I think I might need a bigger one and I may buy one that has a larger capacity , but that is n't the fault of the product . This does a great job and with a quick rinse of hot water and toss it in the dishwasher it 's clean . I have had no issues with quality at all . This was a great buy for the price and I presume it will last my entire lifetime . Highly recommended !
 1 . small unit , about 4-6 potatos -LRB- not the giant ones -RRB- 2 . the holes are thin -LRB- the top pot -RRB- 3 . steams fast , it works ... note
 I brought this steamer because I do n't want to continue to use my microwave to reheat leftovers . I would definitely recommend this product but with this disclaimer
 Needed a universal pot for my Duxtop Induction burner . I knew this was rather small which is what I needed to feed one . I like to cook pasta and veggies . This works great as an all in one pot for that . As to quality , you get what you pay for . It seems study enough , but I can tell after a few uses that the inside bottom of the pot with discolor and wear quicker than a higher quality pot . For the money this is a great pot , just know you are not getting All Clad .
 I love this product . I had been purchasing steamer baskets , all of which either did n't really do the job the way I wanted or simply fell apart on me after a few uses . When I saw this product , it struck me as exactly what I wanted.Positives : - Handles make it easy to move-Easy to clean-Doubles as a regular pot if desiredNegatives : - Handles do get hot . I have a gas stove , so maybe it 's the hot air rising causing this and an electric might not have the issue , but people with electric stoves can comment on whether the heat is being transferred directly from the pot or not . However , the handles have not melted or anything . I just need to use potholders to move it , which is not a big deal.It might be weird to say , but this is one of my favorite pieces in the kitchen . It 's up there right next to my immersion blender . Steaming was always a bit of a hassle before I had this , but now it 's as simple as I always knew it should have been . I can easily dump all of my vegetables in the basket while the water boils in the pot , carry over the basket , and drop it in . Cover and done !
 Vegetables taste so much better when steamed instead of immersed in the water . I had a favorite decades-old steamer pot from my mother , and I was very sad to have lost it ... This one works well so far , although I 've read another review about it being poorly made , and peeling or chipping . So far so good , and I 'm happy with it .
 We steam a lot of vegetables and the metal blanching trays that fit inside other pans are extremely difficult to clean . We were exploring other steamer options such as the bamboo trays , the non-metal blanching trays , electric steamers -LRB- already have a rice cooker which does this function but we do n't like it for steaming . -RRB- This steamer unit solves that problem and provided a small steep pot that we use for cooking noodles . It makes a perfect size for our downsized household of two . The much larger pots are now stored away in the cupboard and this little unit is in use almost daily . It gets more and more difficult to find reasonably priced cookware without the nonstick coatings . The large handles make this easy to grasp . Good product . Have always liked Farberware .
 The quality of the pot is really satisfactory . But it is smaller than I thought . I think amazon 's given size is not that accurate . The size of pot is perfect for one or two people 's needs .
 Works great , cleans well in the dishwasher or in the sink . i always loved steamed vegetables . bought this because my old one got warped out on the bottom . great product !!!!!!
 This is a great little steamer pan ! It 's just the right size . Perfect to steam veggies for a family of four for dinner . Easy to use and clean .
 Pefect sized pot for a single person but a good deep basket that provides sufficient room for a number of vegetables and that steams evenly . I appreciate the handles that making removing the basket all that easier . Classic ! Great deal .
 I was just searching for something I bought previously and this came up in the result . I was very surprised to see that I bought it in 2001 because it looks like the day I bought it still . The product works great for steaming veggies . Nothing super exciting but just what I needed . Durability is fantastic .
 This pot is functional and pretty.I really like cooking vegetables in this pot - they have better color and taste than vegetables cooked in water.Good for dishwasher .
 I got Farberware for my bridel shower over 40 years ago , and still have some peices , I still love it . For the price I do not know what is better and nicer cookware!Then a few years ago , I bought 15 plus peices of Calphalon Commerical cookware , which I do love also.But I came across this steamer pot , and now I 'm thinking of buying more Farberware again!I like the idea this is not , None-stick , which I feel is more healthy to cook in.Being its not , non stick you can use a whisk etc. in this , and not ruin it.I bought this pot for cooking brown rice with veggies , then steaming more veggies on the top , while cooking the rice on the bottom . Turns out perfect . The veggies do not take as long as the rice to cook.The short handles do not take up much room . Sometimes I think I might want the bottompot with the long handle , if I want to beat something in the pot , its a bit hard with such short handles to hold on to . That said , I do have larger pots with handles.The lid fits the top and bottom pan perfect.The knob on the lid does un-screw , but the screw is welded on.These two pots are somewhat lite weight , although have a weighted double bottom . cooks even and I have never burned anything in this.As I get older I like a lighter weight cookware.While I was at thrift shop last week , there was a stainless double Boiler insert to this pot.I got lucky , and it was only 2.00 , and not a scratch on it ! Now I can also use this to melt chocolate , cheese , soufle etc.If you do not have the double boiler , you just put water in the bottom pot , boil , then use a stainless mixing bowl , or a pyrex mixing bowl for the top.I have not burned anything in this pot . Use a little butter , olive oil , or broth at the bottom.I never turn my gas stove on high under anytype of cookware , you can warp your pans , I do not care how good they are.This pan heats up even.The only thing I was disapointed about this pot is , It 's made in China ! It does not say it on the pot , but it did say it on the box in very little writing . Although I can not tell the differents cooking in it.My older Farberware was made in the Usa , as it should be.I bought this pot from Amazon for less then anyone else is selling it for.I feel this is a 5 star pot . If it was more money , its worth it .
 I can not put in a small dish in it , cause it is too small!But over all , the quality is good , and easy to clean .
 I have to start by saying that this steamer/saucer / pot is the business I loved it . Its easy to use and cooks just about everything . When i first received it I made my veggies , salmon.The only down side is the size but its OK . More to gain than loose.Getting another one for my aunt because Im sure she will love it to .
 This product is exactly what my wife wanted and the price was at least $ 20.00 cheaper than anywhere else that i checked into .
 This is a great little saucepot and steamer . It works well for my needs . I like the size and weight . I would definitely recommend this to others .
 This arrived in perfect condition and in a timely fashion . I am very happy with this item and I already have started steaming fish , vegetables , etc. . Love it !
 I was finally sick of the collapsible steamer that I had and when I saw this good deal with a mail in rebate included , I decided it was worth a shot . The base has a nice , heavy bottom and the steamer insert seems sturdy . I 've used it a few times and washed it in the dishwasher and have n't had any problems with discoloration . The handles on the side do get hot as other reviewers have noted , so be careful - duh ! Great set for a great price . Glad to throw out my collapsible steamers !!
 This steamer was exactly what I was looking for . It is the perfect size to steam two servings of vegetables perfectly . This is perfect for one or two people . I would say if you need to steam larger portions you will not be happy with this . I have also steamed fish in this as well . I use this at least three times a week . The pan is not tiny , neither is it big and bulky so it does not take up a lot of room in the cabinets . It does feel sturdy and feels like it has a good weight to it . I always hand wash this set as soon as I use it and it is very easy to clean . I love this set !
 Excellent steaming pan . I did n't realise it had a special bottom on the pan that spreads the heat around , so no hot spots . What I need now are two extra steaming sections to really make it perfect . Are they available ?
 Perfect size for a small family -LRB- there are two of us -RRB- . I use the steamer basket for steaming vegetables , and remove the basket when I need an extra saucepan for cooking . Great dual purpose , decent quality pan for the price .
 This steamer is excellent . It cooks the vegetables quickly , and it is very easy to clean . What more can you ask for .
 COnvinent and good product . easy to use and good quality . must buy for steaming veggies and fruit and making baby food
 I needed a replacement for a black and decker electric steamer I 'd had for many years . In reading reviews on the new electric steamers , I could n't find one that satisfied . They are all ugly , for starters . This little steamer combo is very pretty and a perfect size for the two of us . To compare , my electric steamer basket is 8.5 '' diameter and about 4 '' deep . The Farberware steamer basket is 7 '' diameter by about 3.5 '' deep . It takes a little longer to boil water than in the electric steamer , but it seems to do a faster job of cooking , perhaps because steam is n't pouring out of top vents . We eat most of our vegetables raw now , but when we want to cook them , it 's almost always by steam . I 've used it only once , but it arrived in a timely fashion , all shiny and new , the handles were cool enough for me to dump the hot vegetables onto the plate without a mitt , and I felt better about cooking in steel vs. plastic .
 We received Farberware cookware for our wedding 24 years ago and had to replace the steamer . We love this new design . It has a nice heavy bottom and the steamer basket is deeper . The old one had a long handle like a typical pot , so this one is safer.While we prefer to buy local , we 're very pleased that the Amazon price was $ 30 less than in the stores so we had to take advantage.This was my first experience with Amazon , so I was hesitant , but everything went very smoothly and I received my purchase as promised . New , In the original box ... it was all good.I 'm sold on Farberware and on Amazon , as well!I 'm pleased with my experience and will look this route to purchase again .
 I bought this when I got sick of the steaming basket breaking . I hd to use it every other day to steam veggies to make baby food . This really does the trick . Worth the money . Easy to use . Ease to clean . Best way to steam .
 This steamer is great . I could n't find anything comparable in stores . This is a nice , good quality steamer . Performs well , washes well in dishwasher . We use it almost daily . Better than the one I had that was lost in a move !
 This steamer is a perfect size for many items . It is quite heavy duty and reasonable priced .
 Farberware Classic pans are great and last forever . This is a perfect size for steaming vegetables , and the bottom can be used as a regular pot . I have had this Farberware pot at home and loved it ; I bought this specific one for my daughter . I also have numerous other Farberware Classics .
 It is what it advertises a great quality stainles steel pot that is 3 quarts large . -LRB- if you are not familiar with 3 quarts take a 1 quart piece of plastic from your cole slaw order and fill it up and pour it out 3x and thats 3 quarts . To measure the size of the steamer just pour out 2x . There is no large handle sticking out and the handles do get very hot . So make sure to use potholders . Overall a great product . Excellent quality and looks great . I use it daily and love it .
 A good basic pot for the money . I wish it were a little larger but I had no idea how big 3-quart would be .
 Farberware makes top notch products at an affordable price . Excellent item for personal use or to give as a gift . Still looks like new after being used hundreds of times .
 This has got to be the deal of the century , and not only that , these pans will last you almost that long ! My mother has had a set for 35 years , and I 've had mine for 5 . Nearly indestructible , dishwasher safe , good performers on the stovetop , with stay-cool handles ! They even look great after all those years!Keep in mind that because they are mostly stainless steel , with an aluminum bottom , Farberware does not heat up quite as fast as , say , hard-anodized aluminum such as Calphalon , which gourmets prefer . Stainless steel is a poor heat conductor , while aluminum is good and copper is the best . On the plus side , you ca n't put Calphalon in the dishwasher and Calphalon does not have true stay-cool handles , like Farberware.Anyway , how often do you buy a gift knowing that it will still be around 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? By the way , if the pot does have a problem , they come with a Lifetime Warranty .
 Most of my cookware is Revere so my experience with Farberware is limited . With that in that mind I must say that this steamer fits a perfect niche in my collection . I hate hauling out my stock pots for pasta side dishes and my 2qt pots kept boiling over . This size is great and the roomy steamer instert will hold a medley of vegetables without a hitch . One problem though , my Revere handles have always stayed cool on my stove . I went to grab this pot and managed to burn both my hands . I have been spoiled by whatever Revere does with its handles so I just have to remember to use hot pads . The handles seem very durable and the pot itself is solid . If the handles stayed cool like my Revere Ware then this would have been a solid five stars .
 This is another great Farberware product we purchased to help stock our son 's first college apartment . He thought it was a pasta cooker , was a little disappointed -LRB- at first -RRB- , that it was a ` small ' steamer , what could you possibly cook in there ? Well , he is actually cooking/steaming fresh vegatables , and enjoying them . He has fallen in love with steamed potatoes!The pot is actually small -LRB- 3 quart -RRB- with about a 4 inch side , so it can also be used for servings of soup , pasta sause or that small batch of chilli . The steamer pot fits snuggly into the pot , with just the right size holes to allow the steam in , but not the product out . AND the lid fits tightly , allowing for a quick and fast steam cycle.Overall , a great product , that is being used much more than originally thought that it would be used . Much more than just a vegatable steamer .
 We use this pot for steaming corn on the cob , and can easily fit three or four ears in the steaming basket . A little steam leaks out from between the basket and the pot . The bottom pot is a handy size for cooking spaghetti , although as someone else noted , you still need to use a collander to drain the water . We have n't had any problems with the handles , as someone else mentioned ; I think that reviewer must have been referring to a different item . The Farberware Classic handles are oven safe to 350 degrees , if I remember correctly . It comes out of the dishwasher looking great . The pot bottom will scorch fairly easily when cooking certain foods , as it is uncoated .
 I 've been using the same Farberware steamer day in and day out for about 14 years . I just bought one to prepare a second variety of veggies for the same meal and I like it . The overall quality seems better than my original ; however , the only drawback is that the bottom half requires using both hands to carry and empty it as opposed to the original long handle version . It 's obviously made to give a lifetime of use and given the price , it 's an outstanding value .
 This little steamer is the most used pot in my kitchen.REASONS I REACH FOR IT EVERYDAY : A. NO HANDLE TO EXTEND OVER FRONT OF COOKTOPB . NO HANDLE TO EXTEND OVER ANOTHER BURNERC . HOLDS ENOUGH VEGETABLES FOR SIXD . COMPACT TO STOREE . EASE OF USE ENCOURAGES ME TO COOK `` HEALTHY `` I have purchased 9 of these steamers and have encouraged friends to buy them . Total count of steamers in use by my friends is 27 !! -LRB- and not a one of them would part with it -RRB-
 My friend , who is a chef , helped me pick out this product . Since I have an electric stove , the extra weight and thickness of the pot was reocmmended over a cheaper alternative . The extra weight/thickness helps prevent food from sticking -LRB- does not stick or burn from uneven/too much heat -RRB- and it washes easily.The only drawback to the pot is the handles . Other pots and pans have heavier plastic than this particular model , and the heat does transfer slightly more into the handles because of it . It wo n't lead to a burn like a metla handle , but this is the only weak point of its custruction .
 I 'm impressed with this . I would have given it a 4.5 stars if that was an option . It steams well . Here is something that I did that puts this baby up there with the big dogs -LRB- Calphalon etc. . -RRB- . In error , I forgot one time to put water in to steam some brocolli . I left this thing . . cooking for about 20 minutes before I realized my error . It did stain the bottom of the pan , but , no so that it causes any distaste upon future use . I 've done this before -LRB- I 'm sorry to say -RRB- with other pans , and they 've been rendered useless garbage . So , hats off - and I 'd recommend buying this . Oh , why not 5 stars ? Just a ` tad ' too small - I would like the steaming basket to be about an inch deeper .
 This is a great size pot !! It fits nicely in my cluttered cabinet ! The pot is light in weight , even with the steamer insert , but it is not flimsy and is well made . The handles stay cool and the lid seals on nicely . Great for steaming vegetables , preparing rice dishes and any other recipe where a larger pot & steamer would be inappropriate .
 Love , love , love this little steamer ! had one before that I left on stove and got busy so fried it so this is a replacement for one I had and loved for years . I saved the steamer from first so now can do two veges for meals easily by switching out basket . Hubby and son not to thrilled double veges but daughter and I love it . : -RRB- It is also great size for making rice for family of four on stir fry nights .
 I have searched for the perfect vegetable steamer and this is it . It is big enough to steam an average head of cauliflower and easy to get the food out without burning yourself .
 This is a great product , especially at this price point.There could have been more holes -LRB- and smaller -RRB- to steam more thoroughly and evenly , but what we have is good enough.Just make sure there is water -LRB- duh ! -RRB- and you donot run out of water in the process which will burn it -LRB- happened last night with my unit -RRB- . I just burned my unit . My fault , I forgot I had that on while steaming chicken and burned it . I will probably be buying this again .
 This steamer is a good product and I will recommend it to everyone . Even if the steamer is small it helps a lot .
 This was a gift for someone else . That said , I 've heard nothing but good things about how well it works . The price is very reasonable , and its a nice sturdy steamer .
 Very good quality , thick and fine.The best thing is its deep insert , you can even place two whole popcorns and cover .
 The double-boiler-esque construction is perfect for steaming veggies ! I prefer it vastly over the old steamer basket I used to use for the purpose .
 I steamed some frozen broccoli in it . It worked great . Just put adequate water in the larger pot , put in the steamer bowl , cover the lid , and keep an eye on it every few minutes . It took a few minutes to heat the water , and steaming was done in about 7 min . Healthy and easy way to improve your veggie intake ! I also can use the larger pot for boiling tea water , which is nice .
 I gave this to my husband because he steams kale every day for dinner and wanted an upgrade from our old folding steamer ... this is a huge improvement . Love that it can go in the dishwasher and stand up well to daily use .
 This Steamer is exactly as advertised ... works very very well ... nothing but great vegetables all the time !!! ... Looked at all the local stores but found it at Amazon.com ... Will buy again from Amazon for sure ...
 After my small insert steamer fell apart I had been looking for something a little more substantial . This is a very nice stack and steam piece . It is versatile because you can use it as a steamer or as another sauce pan . It is well made and I love it .
 It 's a great little pot . It feels solidly built , has a beautiful finish , and works great . 5 stars . I 've only had it for 1 day and used it once so I ca n't comment on durability .
 I enjoy my Farbarware Classic cookware . It heats up fast and even . I like the stainless steel-clad bottom much better that the old aluminum-clad bottom . The stainless steel bottom is much easier to clean off tuff grease stains if you have to you an oven cleaner . I lost all of my Farbareware cookware to Hurricane Katrina and have replaced it . needed .
 i like the handles on the side of the steamer insertthe entire pot feels sturdy the price is reasonableit is multi funcational and easy to clean
 Have wanted a steamer for some time , and chose this one based on great reviews ... amazon reviewers have proven their worth once again ! Great product !
 great steamer . Handles do get hot , its very small . But it cooks the food so.If you have a large family buy a larger one .
 I steam all my veggies in it and they turn out great . . a little water in the bottom , add your veggies in the top and put on the lid ... quick and sooo easy !!! I would definitely recommend !
 I have been steaming more vegetables since I started on a vegan diet at the first of the year . I started to get a different steamer but thought the Farberware would be sturdier . I was not disappointed . Veggies steam well , and clean up is easy . Glad I went with this one .
 This is smaller than my other steamer pot , but it is the great heavy-duty quality I have come to expect from Farberware . It cleans up easily and can be used as a soup pot without the steamer basket . The steamer holes are only in the bottom , but it worked well to steam veggies and would be great to steam potatoes too .
 I have been trying to get into healthier foods and healthier ways to prepare food recently . I have tried eating raw veggies on a regular basis , like broccoli , but after a few pieces it just becomes tough to put down . Steaming is a great new alternative because it softens the veggies that I like to eat making it much more palatable . It is also very easy and timely.Because I try to stay away from cooking as much as possible , but inevitably have to do it , I wanted to buy something lower priced because I did n't know if was going to continue using it after the first couple trial runs . For around $ 30 , this set works great.The pot is made of a decent quality stainless steel . However , my one complaint with this unit is that it feels like a $ 30 set ; perhaps I am a little bias because I am so used to my heavy duty All-Clad pot . The lid in this set is very lightweight and very thin - I feel like I can dent this lid without much effort . The same goes for the steamer basket . It is also lightweight -LRB- if I push on the steamer basket it actually `` pops '' up and down -RRB- but is easier to clean than I though . The unit 's handles are not exactly the best as they can get hot if not careful and do not provide much of a grip , but they get the job done and is only a minor complaint . This set also comes with a lifetime warranty against defects so you ca n't really complain about that especially given the price.It has provided great performance . As one example , I steamed asparagus , broccoli , cauliflower and sweet peas all at the same time . Around 5-10 minutes , everything was done . And even though I do n't like how the lid is so flimsy , it actually held in the steam quite well , only releasing the large amount of steam when I removed it.If you can find this set in stores , it usually costs about $ 30 but Amazon had it for a few bucks less . But if you are looking to incorporate steam cooking into your meals , it is hard to find much to complain about with this set given the price and quality .
 This is perfect for 1 to 2 persons . I use it to cook noodle , soup & vegetable . The steamer is great to steam vegetable & other leftovers . I use this instead of microwave oven to reheat leftovers . It takes longer time but I think its better.Update , 5/17/12 -- Just bought an Induction Cooktop . This works beautifully on it . I have another Reverse Ware 2-qt Stainless Steel sauce pan . Unfortunately , that is NOT Induction Ready . Just like to put this down in case someone like to find out if this is Induction Ready .
 Have one for myself that I use for everything - steaming , pasta . Perfect size for our family.Got this one for my daughter who will have her first dorm kitchen this year .
 This is a very nice little steamer . Ideally sized for the small household . It 's sturdy , cleans easily , and does its job like a pro . The only minor complaint is that the handles on the side can get a bit hot . It seems to be the heat from the stove rising around the edges of the pot . However , this is a minor inconvenience .
 I purchased this for daughter 's boyfriend who just bought a house . But I have had one for years , and both of my daughters have one . Great for steaming veggies and we use it 3 to 6 times a week . It 's probably the most used pot in the house . Perfect for the smaller family , 2 to 4 people .
 This steamer is perfect for 2-3 people . I love the size and use it all the time . I 'm completely satisfied with this steamer and would recommend it to anyone . You do have to be careful that it does n't boil dry . Put 1/3 - 1/2 of water in the bottom pot . And check when steaming for long periods to make sure the water does n't boil away causing the pan to burn in the bottom .
 This is by far is one of the most used pieces of cookware in my cooking arsenal . My Aunt had purchased this for my birthday about 5 years ago , but over time I mistakenly have boiled things and have put too little water in the pot , resulting in the water burning off completely and then adding discoloration to the pot . Several burns later the pots had lost a lot of its quality and value -LSB- all my fault :--LRB- -RSB- . So I threw that one away and bought another one . It 's a great pot but make sure you have enough water in the pot and you keep the flame low . If you mistakenly burnout the water in the steamer while it 's still on the stove , the shine is gone . It will still function as expected , it just wo n't look as shiney as before .
 This pan has worked very well for me . I steamed vegetables in the steamer pan and noodles in the bottom at the same time . I used it with my DuLux Induction cook top .
 this Farberware steamer pot is the best pot with steamer inset i 've ever owned ... the pot itself is a great size and the inset has handles on each side just like the pot so it is fabulous to carry off the stove ... more stable than if it only had one handle ... the veggies come out perfect too ... the pot is easy to unload veggies onto a bowl and it is much easier to clean than the veggie inserts that are collaspable ...
 Perfect size for single serving -LRB- or 2 max -RRB- , 1 pot can be used for 2 different ways of cooking . And its healthy to eat steam vegetable . Great buy .
 Got this mainly for veggies . Works great and fast . Very pleased with it . It could be a little bigger but can hold 4-5 servings .
 The size is perfect to steam amounts for two people . It 's easy to clean . Great as a saucepot and steamer !
 I am very pleased with this stack N steam . Size is perfect for me , it has weight to it so it is not that thin aluminum . The cost is reasonable . I am happy with this product .
 My wife received an electric veggie steamer for her birthday . It took forever to cook anything , took up lots of counter space , and was difficult to clean . I returned it and ordered this instead . At only $ 25 -LRB- and change , -RRB- it qualifies for free super saver shipping . It is stainless , boils fast with only a half inch of water needed in the bottom , and does a great job . Some have said the hard plastic handles get too hot for easy handling , and that 's true , but they 're nowhere near as hot as the metal . Even a dish towel will let you pick the steamer up . The handles on the side make it easy to `` pour '' out your vegetables . I 'm sure we 're going to get many years of use out of this Farberware product.Recommended !
 i am very happy with the quality & price of this product . it is the perfect size for a small family .
 Product was exactly as advertised . We needed a second steamer and this is very similiar to the one we already had . Works great .
 I really love steamers ... Veggies never tasted so good!I 'll put 5 stars here , but I wish they came in different sizes -LRB- 6-Quart would n't be bad huh ? -RRB- .
 This Farberware Saucepot and Steamer steams vegetables quickly and is attractive in appearance with its stainless steel body . Ca n't beat the price and you have great quality from Farberware . This steamer is suitable for a 1-4 person family . Very pleased with purchase .
 I was so very pleased when I received my Brooklyn Dodgers Framed 1955 World Champs Photos . The quality of each picture are great , the frame work is excellent . I enjoy looking at each picture of some of the great Brooklyn Dodger players on that great championship team , it brings back memories to me when baseball was truly a game on green grass that one could enjoy and experience .
 I bought these clip rings to go with some Waverly toile curtains and a Waveryly curtain rod . They are so cute , they really make the whole ensemble .
 Curtain clips are an easy , fashionable way to get quick results with window treatments . The good thing is they are not permanent . It is easy to change the window treatment for a different look or for cleaning . The clips are good for so many other uses . They make good picture holders or hang notes and reminders from them . Even kitchen towels look nice hung from them .
 GOT THESE FOR A BRUSHED NICKEL ROD I GOT THRU AMAZON , AND THEY WORKED GREAT ... THE ROSETTES ADD A LITTLE EXTRA FLAIR . THE PRICE FOR VALUE WAS EXCELLENT AND THEY GOT HERE FAST TOO . WILL BUY AGAIN .
 These clips are exactly what I needed . They work great and they add a little something extra to the overall look of my curtains . These are so much better than those pricey boring clips .
 After going to several local department stores and fabric shops I finally found these online . They are exatly what I needed , were a good price and the perfect color match for my curtain rods . Would order again without hesitation .
 These were the most decrative drapery clips that I could find . They add that extra something to my window I did . LOVE THEM !!
 This set is fantastic ! You really get the perfect heat conduction of copper , but without the high price . The bottom of the pans have a copper and an aluminium layer , which are the best metals to conduct -LRB- and control -RRB- heat . The steel used is hard anodized 18/10 and beautifully finished . I was somehwat concerned that foods would stick to this material , but so far it has n't been the case - I think that as long as you always have a sufficient amount of oil or butter , and do n't overdo the high heat , your foods will not stick . These pans really heat up very fast and evenly , so they are perfect to sear , braise , saute , stovetop or oven cooking . Another reason why I bought this set is that it is dishwasher safe -LRB- as opposed to other all-copper or other steel pans -RRB- so cleanup is very easy . The choice of pans that this set includes are enough to cook mostly anything . Highly recommend !
 This set is worth the very low price . They are heavier than my grandmother 's set of Revere , and I prefer the lids with the loop so that they can be hung on a pot rack . Food rarely sticks , and the very few times it has , it comes off within minutes by soaking with hot water . The thickness of the base really does keep food from burning if you are paying attention . They are fairly easy to keep clean , but you will need special cleaner -LRB- or serious elbow grease -RRB- to keep the bottoms up to shine . I put mine in the dishwasher for daily cleaning . Once in a while , I use Barkeeper 's Friend to really shine up the stainless and copper and remove discolorations caused by hard water.The two saucepans are both a good size , but an intermediate size of 2 quarts would have been very helpful . The 3 - qt . saut&eacute; pan is wonderful , although a little large for a family of two . I supplemented this set with a 2-quart saut&eacute; pan from Cuisinart -LRB- Chef 's Classic Stainless , which is very similar to this set , sans the copper -RRB- - perfect for saut&eacute;ing two chicken breasts . The stockpot is a great size unless you 're cooking pasta for many people . The lids fit each piece perfectly . The 10 '' lid fits both the saut&eacute; pan and the stockpot , as well as a variety of 10 '' nonstick fry pans . I wish there were two of these lids included in the set , as I use it frequently.For the money , this set is excellent . The ten-piece set would complement this eight-piece set wonderfully with little duplication -LRB- the 3-qt . saucepan , which is in use daily -RRB- . The lack of open stock pieces is disappointing , but at this price you could buy several sets . No , this is not All-Clad . However , I am not a professional chef . I am just a cook , and this set works great for me .
 The Farberware Millennium Stainless Copper Clad series is a great value compared to the other manufacturers -LRB- All-Clad , Cuisinart , etc -RRB- available . Extremely durable , beautifully finished pots are a great addition to any serious or novice cook . I highly recommend them .
 This is a beautiful set of pans - all you would ever need in a kitchen to make a meal and then some . They are well-made , cook food beautifully , steam vegetables , and are lovely to hold and show off . I have enjoyed them immensely since the day I got them
 The WIFE FINALLY LOVES TO COOK !!! The food browns beautifully . Food cooks even and fast . Cleans up easily . Great product !!!
 Fits just right . Is what is supposed to be . Nice strap to carry it with too . A good item to purchase
 Carries our Lodge tripod as is claims . Good construction , holding up well so far.Leather reenforced ends would be a plus . We made our own .
 Overall this is a very simple bag . Fits my Lodge Tall Boy perfectly . The main criticism I have with the bag is the bottom of the canvas . As mentioned in another review , they should have reinforced the bottom so the legs do n't punch through . A quick fix was to take the plastic measuring lid from an empty laundry detergent container and push it to the bottom . Now the legs sit inside of the cup at the bottom as opposed to being up against the canvas .
 This IS a kitchen essential . I have two . This is the pot you grab for every little thing
 This has got to be the deal of the century , and not only that , these pans will last you almost that long ! My mother has had a set for 35 years , and I 've had mine for 5 . Nearly indestructible , dishwasher safe , good performers on the stovetop , with stay-cool handles ! They even look great after all those years!Keep in mind that because they are mostly stainless steel , with an aluminum bottom , Farberware does not heat up quite as fast as , say , hard-anodized aluminum such as Calphalon , which gourmets prefer . Stainless steel is a poor heat conductor , while aluminum is good and copper is the best . On the plus side , you ca n't put Calphalon in the dishwasher and Calphalon does not have true stay-cool handles , like Farberware.Anyway , how often do you buy a gift knowing that it will still be around 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? By the way , if the pot does have a problem , they come with a Lifetime Warranty .
 Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . I had this cookware at one time , and I can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . Unlike Calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . However , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . The 1-Quart Saucepan is a kitchen essential .
 this saucepan is an absolute delight . everytime i see it or use it it makes me feel good -LRB- my life is a simple one . obviously -RRB- . its aesthetically pleasing , user friendly , and cooks and cleans up handily like the true little workhorse it is . i look forward to many more years of enjoyable saucing in my one quart saucepan with lid and am contemplating adding its big sister -LRB- 2 quart faberware saucepan -RRB- to my repetoir .
 Whenever I burn out a pot or want new ones I look for Farberware stainless steel . However , it is hard to get individual pots , especially smaller ones , in retail stores , so I usually get it from Amazon.com . I 'd delighted that these pots are available from Amazon.com as otherwise I would n't know where to get them . The product itself is the best in stainless steel quality for cooking , lightweight and easy to use and stainless steel is reported to be the healthiest material to use for cooking .
 I received a Farberware set as a wedding gift in 1959 . I still have all the pots and they still look and cook great .
 I love this pan . I use it practically every day . We received one for our marriage , and , after 20 years , I finally had to replace it . -LRB- A second one we received a few years later is still holding up beautifully . -RRB- The pan is the perfect size for a can of soup or vegetables or a gravy mix . I absolutely love it !
 I have a complete set of Farberware Classic pans and they are excellent cookware . Durable , heavy cored and the finish is attractive . Remember the Classic line of Farberware is different quality from other Farberware product lines . Amazon price is great on open stock pieces .
 This has got to be the deal of the century , and not only that , these pans will last you almost that long ! My mother has had a set for 35 years , and I 've had mine for 5 . Nearly indestructible , dishwasher safe , good performers on the stovetop , with stay-cool handles ! They even look great after all those years!Keep in mind that because they are mostly stainless steel , with an aluminum bottom , Farberware does not heat up quite as fast as , say , hard-anodized aluminum such as Calphalon , which gourmets prefer . Stainless steel is a poor heat conductor , while aluminum is good and copper is the best . On the plus side , you ca n't put Calphalon in the dishwasher and Calphalon does not have true stay-cool handles , like Farberware.Anyway , how often do you buy a gift knowing that it will still be around 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? By the way , if the pot does have a problem , they come with a Lifetime Warranty .
 I needed to replace a couple of my Farberware pots which are almost 50 years old . Most of them are still going strong . I was afraid the quality would not be as good as the pots they were replacing but I am pleased to say they are almost as good . I say almost because the pots are great with terrific heft to them but the lids seem a bit thinner . However this is not a big deal . I am delighted with the purchase.Delivery from Amazon was amazingly fast . Thank you .
 I have had one of these for over 30 years . this one is for my daughter . Perfect size for heating up soup , or making pasta for one ! heats up fast !
 The classic line from Farberware is absolutely perfect . Sturdy and dependable , I prefer it by far over any of the glass-lid products .
 This item was delivered in perfect condition . It is a replacement for my farberware set that I have had for 32 years . The pan is great .
 I am very happy with my Farberware pot . This is my second one . Thanks for sending it to me so quickly that was a great help
 I have All-clad , cast iron , you name it . But now , with just the two of us , this is my `` go to '' pan for everything from oatmeal to soup to veggies . Love it and highly recommend . Good even heating and easy clean up in the dishwasher .
 Purchased for son who wanted a good quality saucepan that was dishwasher safe . Farberware is durable . I have had my set for 30 years . Liked the option of purchasing one saucepan rather than an entire set . Excellent price and free shipping too .
 After 53 years of use we had to replace a part of a wedding gift cook set due to a failure of the bi-metal seam . The replacement item has met our expectations .
 The Farberware 1Qt pan arrived in excellent condition . We have already used it more than the one it replaced . My wife uses it to make sauces and gravy and she like the even heat . I have boiled vegetables including potatoes . I can 100 % agree with may wife . One report indicated that this pan did not cover the small burner on the stove . We have a Frigidaire glass top stove about a year old . The small burner fits just right .
 HAD FARBERWARE FOR MANY YEARS , AND STUPIDLY GAVE IT AWAY AFTER I PURCHASED NONSTICK COOKWARE ; WHEN MY NONSTICK STARTED PEELING , DECIDED TO RETURN TO STAINLESS AND FARBERWARE ; AM I GLAD I DID ; IT IS STILL AS WELL MADE A I REMEMBER AND GREAT TO COOK IN ; ORDERED THE I QT , 2QT , AND 3QT SAUCE PANS , AND I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THEM ; FORTUNATELY I KEPT THE FRY PANS ; I STILL LIKE A NON STICK FOR EGGS , BUT ON THE WHOLE AM STAYING WITH STAINLESS , ESPECIALLY FARBERWARE ; FEEL THAT IT IS ALSO SAFER TO COOK WITH ;
 This one quart pot is made from heavy duty stainless steel with a thick aluminum bottom to spread the heat evenly . A high quality item .
 I considered many stockpots before choosing this one . I have several pieces of Farberware and have always been pleased with them so I fell back on what I knew worked well . Sure enough , I 've used it several times already with great results . I have not had anything burn on the bottom or even stick and that was my main objective . It 's easy to clean too and that 's a big plus . I 'm very happy with this stockpot and ready to cook a lot of soup this winter !
 This is a perfect little pot . The lid fits perfectly.I recommend this item without reservation .
 Ok , i bought this because I accidentally burnt the previous pot ... it was a Revereware pot , same size , and went ahead and ordered this Faberware instead . I 'm going to say that i like the Revereware better , only because it `` looks '' better but i prefer the lid and the handle of the Revereware over the Faberware , but other than that , both are nice pots and at a good cost .
 I love this pan and have used the heck out of it . I have a stainless set that just needed one more small pan and I have used this one a lot . Perfect for heating up coffee , cooking frozen veggies , soup , etc. . Great buy !
 My family has had a set of Farberware Classic pots and pans for over 20 years . When our small saucepans handle finally gave out -LRB- our fault really , was over heater by a large burner -RRB- I was amazed to find out they still make these . And they are actually BETTER than the old ones ! The super thick bottom makes for nice , even heat , and good heat retention . Fits the old top . I imagine that this will last another 20 years with no problems .
 the pan is easy to clean . I cooked rice and although the rice was sticky it did not stick to the bottom of the pan
 I have had these pans for over 30 years . I ordered a new one even though I did not need one .
 Would give this pan five stars ; except for the handle on the lid . It is decorative , but not practical . When you set the lid down on its top , it rolls around on the knob . Just an annoying thing for me ; not a major flaw . Own several Farberware pots , and would probably buy again .
 I have had Farberware for 40 years . I have taken care of them and they have taken care of me . I would n't buy any other pot or pan needed .
 Farberware is an old reliable ! I have been a fan of Farberware for the past 40 years . This 1 Quart size is a favorite cookware for my daily oatmeal .
 Good basic saucepan . Seems scratch resistant but do n't expect specification on product or with packaging to confirm type of steel . Cover fits securely . Handle seems delicate .
 I had an older 1-quart Farberware , and wanted a second so I ordered this . It 's even nicer ! Slightly lower and wider , with a heavier bottom . The old lid fits this one , however the new lid is wider so it does n't fit the old . Not important to me , but I 'm mentioning in case someone wants them interchangeable .
 I have no compliants about thie sauce pan . It cleans up well . It has a strainer lid and the stainless steel never ever tarnishes . It is a good buy and lasts forever .
 I love the Farberware Classic series . We also have newer and trendier cookware but Farberware is the one I return to over and over for even heating and quick clean up . Love it .
 I ordered online because I only wanted one piece and could not purchase anything but a whole set in the stores . Farberware is good quality cookware and lasts forever . I have a set that I 've had at least 15 years and looks like new . Glad I can order just one piece through Amazon .
 Farberware Classic Saucepans are the Greatest . Just ordered a 1 Qt . and a 11/2 Qt . Saucepan after having used these types for a few years . They are the BEST !!!
 This set is my first now that I am living on my own and has been great for the past year . They still work well , and I never thought much of it but that is important . My parents ah some that lasted but did n't look to nice and had broken handles ect , these are still going strong and I am happy with them . Worth the extra in the long run .
 My mother got her Farberware Classic cookware in the early 60 's . It still looks and works like new . Of course I bought the same thing when I went out on my own . Why spend more when you can get great , durable cookware for such a great price ? Whether you buy the pieces individually or as a set , I ca n't say enough good things about them .
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM AS A BRIDAL SHOWER GIFT FOR MY NIECE . HOWEVER , I DO KNOW THAT THIS IS ONE OF THE FINEST COOKWARE SETS AND I AM THINKING OF PURCHASING ONE FOR MYSELF IN THE NEAR FUTURE . ACTUALLY , ANYTHING MADE BY FARBERWARE SEEMS TO BE ABSOLUTELY GREAT . I HAVE THREE SIZES OF FARBERWARE COFFEE PERCULATORS AND THE COFFEE TASTES THE BEST ... A SPECIAL THANKS ALSO GOES TO AMAZON.COM . MY PURCHASE WAS VERY EASY AND THE PRICE WAS RIGHT . I WILL BE PURCHASING FROM AMAZON.COM AGAIN.THANK-YOUDONNA HELLER
 Great product for a good price . I bought this as a gift and the receipient liked it very much . High quality stainless with solid handles and other hardware .
 There are lot many reviews for this set , but I wanted to specifically mention about the cost at amazon !! I find 'em for the cheapest price here !! I got 2 of them and recieved the 25 $ instant discount on $ 125 + $ 10 rebate on each set + 10 % off offer on all the cookware . Overall I feel it as the best deal.And no comments on the set , it is gr8 . Little bit not happy with the skillets , but the rest are shiny , durable , well designed.Go for it , its worth of value !!
 If you 're just starting out or looking for a new set to replace the old , this set is for you . Great items!I bought these around December of 2002 and it 's now April 8 and they are heavy , durable , nice looking , have n't stained or tarnished . . just very great Farberware items ! I 'm very pleased with this purchase !
 Lots of pans - would be even better if one less small sauce pan -LRB- there are three small sauce pans -RRB- and a 4 qt pot instead
 I dropped my bowl of salsa yesterday with the lid on , and nothing leaked . =D I love the pots , lids , nonstick coating , nest-able bowls and lids ... I just love Farberware and this purchase has made me SO happy . = D
 I 've had my Farberware cookware for 39 years and have never had a problem with any of it . It has even heating and cleans easily .
 We purchased this set as a gift for our daughter in college . She is a pretty good cook and has been using hand-me-down cookware . She was very thrilled to receive this cookware.It has a very nice weight to it , is dishwasher safe , heats up evenly , and cleans up quickly.This set should last our daughter a lifetime . A great value , and some very good cookware .
 I purchased this set while it was on the `` Friday Sale '' thinking that if I did n't like it I would n't have spent too much money . Well I was thrilled with the set when I got it . The pots all have a wonderfully solid bottom that weights them to the burner evenly . They clean up easily and beautifully , and they are dishwasher safe!The non-stick fry pans are truly non-stick and also clean up very easily . And , if that were n't enough , the mixing bowls are in very usable sizes , and stack perfectly inside each other so that a minimum of cupboard space is used for storage.This set is well worth the full price !
 This is a wonderful set . I 've bought one for my brother for his wedding gift . I spent way more than what amazon.com is selling it for here . This is a great deal . My mother has this set and she loves the way it cooks ! I 'm buying myself one to reward myself for a promotion .
 I bought this set 20 years ago and use it every day . It 's like new and I 've never had a problems , handles are still on securely , cleanup is easy etc. . I cook with olive oil and sometimes canola spray to ease sticking , and it 's never been a problem . Great set .
 So far no complaints with this Farberware set . When I first got it , the handles appeared a little lightweight , but they have n't presented any problems . The non-stick saucepans have been terrific to cook with and all pieces are easy to clean and sturdy . This was a fantastic deal for how many pieces came in the set . Would recommend .
 My wife loves cooking and I bought this set as a gift for her to replace her aging Tefal . She loves this set . It cooks well , looks great and cleans up well . She especially likes the 3 covered bowls for putting left overs in the fridge . The larger of the two saucepans is still on the smallish side and I am going to get the Faberware Classic 10 '' fry pan as an addon . If she loves it and I get to keep out the doghouse for a while its worth it to me : -RRB-
 This set is great and the mixing bowls are as great as the set and there are and there are actually 16 pieces if you include 6 pc mixing bowl set along with 4 pans -LRB- with lids -RRB- and 2 open frypans . Other commenter does n't know how to count !
 Everything is top quality , non-stick , easy to clean , easy to handle .
 I originially purchased this set because the price was right and I needed a cookware set in a hurry . I 'm very pleased that I did . I have never used Farberware pieces before . What a nice surprise . The weight of the pans are just right , I do n't have to worry anymore about buring my hand grabbing the handles . Best of all , I have even cooking of my food , no hot spots in the pans . The teflon coated frying pans are wonderful .
 My mother has had a Farberware stainless-steel cookware set for many years and it is in excellent shape after extensive use . This set has a large soup pot that is a perfect size for large batches of chili during the cold winter . I love my set .
 I have a Farberware set dating back some 42 years so I decided to replace it with a new set . The 13 piece set arrived and although I am pleased , one handle had a ` chip ' on it and Farberware wants me to send the entire set back . Not cost effective ... all I need is a handle . I ordered the 12 '' fry pan too , and it came with the pan caved in . Luckily , amazon will take care of this . And there are no visible marks on the box or item . Poor inspection ? I have reminded Farberware that a ` name ' is not 18/10 stainless steel.The handles on all the items are not as ` smooth ' as with the old set , some polishing could be used to eliminate sharpness.Still , a good value * if * you can get a set without flaws .
 I have owned my 12 piece Farbeware set for the past 26 years . My mom 's set is 37 years old . We both cook every day . Our sets were manufactured here in the states , -LRB- the factory used to be in the Bronx , NYC -RRB- . They included a 1,2,3,4 and 8qt pots with 7 & 12 inch stainless steel frying pans . My sister has the present 10 piece set also with stainless steel frying pans and it was not manufactured in the states , she 's owned hers for 12years . Yes I can definitely say there is a quality difference from the present Faberware to the original ones made here . But I must say they are still a great product for the price.They hold up to mishaps in the kitchen -LRB- leaving pans in the oven and turning the oven on with them in it , or leaving a pot on the hot stove until what is in it burns dry -RRB- . Clean up after such incidents have still turned up the pots looking new . The outer stainless steel still has a great shine and I have never had to use any specialty products . They withstand the dishwasher but I still prefer to wash them by hand . I also own their 6qt -LRB- not made here -RRB- and 16qt stockpots.I highly recommend this product to cooks just starting out because they withstand abuse and also cook very well.I have recently purchased the `` Calphalon One '' line to add to my Farberware -LRB- my daughter likes to cook specialty dishes -RRB- . I will not be discarding my Farberware even after 26 years there is no reason to do so .
 I bought the cookware as an addition to my Circulon set . The pieces are not the highest quality but is very good for the price . They are thin and light for occasional `` quick cook '' but for the serious cook with intensive use I would recommend another set .
 This was my first full set . I 've bought individual pieces , but nothing can come close to this for the price.The pamphlet that comes with the product says that the aluminum bottom distributes heat so well , you can cook everything on low to medium heat . They are right.The pots are stylish and well built . The pans are excellent -- eggs just slide off the non-stick surface . I 'm very pleased with the set and saved ... at Amazon .
 A great set at an amazing price ! This is a great starter set . I love these pans . Faberware has a reputation for quality products , which is one of the reasons I bought this set . I originally bought them with the thought that if they were n't good quality , they were inexpensive enough to be a `` throw away '' set . They are NOT a `` throw away '' set . They should last me for years . They are an excellent set of pans . I was truly pleased with the weight , feel and look of these pots . For the price they can not be beat . They would make a very good wedding present , shower present , first apartment present , or housewarming present . They would be a great gift for a college student going into an apartment.They look great and stay looking great if you do n't mind wiping the outside off to prevent water spots -LRB- mine hang on the wall for all to see -RRB- . The stockpot is a great size . The smaller two mixing bowls are rather small . They would be good for mixing small things , but are GREAT for leftover storage . It 's all the bowls come with their own lids . The lids on all of the pieces fit nicely . You have to remember not to use metal utensils on the non-stick skillets . The handles stay cool , although I recommend using potholders with the stockpot . Overall this is a quality set that should last for years . And if you do n't have all the pots you need , as inexpensive as this set is , you can afford to add pieces .
 I am pleased with this purchase . The cookware arrived very quickly , in great condition . Once I adjusted the flame on my gas burners , my experience has been that the cookware cooks evenly & quickly . I did have a brief period of dissatisfaction with the product , though . The first time I used one of the pans -LRB- I heated some canned soup -RRB- , the pan became discolored . I was ready to send the pan back , when I read the warranty and realized that this defect might not be covered since discoloration could occur if improper temperatures were used -- which was not the case . However , I decided to live with it , and used the pan again to boil some water . The discoloration disappeared after heating the pan filled with water , and the discoloration has not returned after repeated use . I do n't know if anyone else will have this experience , but thought it was worth mentioning .
 You could always find better specialty cookware or professional quality pans , but for day to day cooking duty in a typical kitchen , it is hard to find a better combination of value and functionality than this.My wife and recently purchased a flat surface electric stove , and we have been disappointed in its performance . However , after getting the Farberware pans , it was like we have a new stove ! The problem was the cookware not the stove.The pans retain heat very well , cook evenly , and seem to be very solidly constructed . We expect to pass these pans on to our daughters when they leave for college in ten years . We 'll want a new set of Farberware by then .
 get more for your buck , good quality I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT ! GREAT DEAL !
 I finally threw my last 2 old Farberware pans out when this new order showed up . My first set was a wedding present 23 years ago . I have had a couple of different sets in between but I have always been pleased with how well the Farberware held up.This new set is even better . I mean they have had 20 years to make improvements over my old set . I just love them . I realize that they are n't in the same class as $ 500 sets of pans but they are just great for the everyday cook . They are an awesome starter set for those just starting out -LRB- and even for some us on the more thrifty side -RRB- . They were packed and protected in their box and I have been using them since I got them . I would highly recommend these pans to people that are looking for a more than decent set without the $ 300 - $ 500 price tag .
 I received this same set as a gift for my house warming party , and I absolute LOVE these pans . I have had them for about one year , and I use them every day . You will love them .
 This set included a good basic set of items . The quality of the material rivals more expensive brands . The construction seems the same also . A nice heavy , quality feel when handling the pieces . The aluminum and steel construction bottoms seems to heat up more quickly than regular steel cookware . The pieces store inside one another saving cupboard space and the lids work on several pans .
 It 's a good set , nicely priced and heavy.The only thing I do n't care for are the lids . They have a very deep lip . This makes the lids so thick they do n't fit easily in storage racks or in the dishwasher . Also , if your pan is full , it overflows when you put the lid on , because that @ # $ % lid is so deep .
 I just bought this set and I also have a Farberware set from 20 years ago.Comparing the two sets , the new pans are actually heavier weight than the old ones . The construction seem to be similar quality . To the guy who complained about the cheap plastic handles
 I just recently purchased the 13 piece cookware set Stainless from Amazon and we are pleased as could be . The pots and skillets cook thoroughly and are or a high quality . The only complaint we have is the handles are not as fancy , aesthetically pleasing , or sturdy as my girlfriend likes . The handles are functional but a basic plain plastic black . But this is a minor complaint compared to the ability of these new pots and skillets to fix our meals . I also love the 3 Stainless steel containers that come with the set . They fit into each other and come with lids for easy storage . Be careful of the pot sizes , they are on the small side . Good Shopping .
 Look , I bought this in Jul/07 for about seventyish and I have absolutely no regrets about this purchase . True , it 's not gon na stand up to Analon , Caphalon pro and the like . But for sub $ 100 you ca n't go wrong if you take care of it . Analon is prettier and more durable - the handles on this leave a little to be desired compared with my caphalon pro pans . OVerall very satisfied , good bang for the buck .
 I purchased this set from Amzaon back in 2001 and they are still going strong . The ones that I replaced with this set did n't even last this long . This set works great if you are looking for some cookware that works well and lasts a long time . Granted , there are better sets out there , but they often are more expensive or overpriced . If you are looking for a starter set or just something to cook those nightly meals with , this set comes highly recommended .
 I have had my set for 30 years and it is still holding up . Got this as a gift for someone .
 I received this set as a Christmas gift and I have been so pleased . The pots and pans have very heavy bottoms and the heat is nicely distributed so you do n't have that problem with hot spots . Now , I pamper my pans and even though they are supposed to be dishwasher safe , I NEVER put them in the dishwasher . However , read your dishwahing detergent box before dishwashing . Some of the little detergent packs say not to use on meatal pans because they can cause the metal to discolor so I wonder if this is the problem other buyers have had with discoloring . Also , to prevent warping as one customer complained about , never run cold water in a hot pan . Always wait for it to cool before running water in it . Even the most expensive pan will warp if you wash it before it cools . And , another note people tend to not be aware of
 The Stainless steel pieces are of good quality , look solid , had a base with diferent metals to distribuite the heat properly . All the handles are of poor quality , as other one says in their review , but at least some of them are screwed and can be replaced if needed . I found particulary odd the size of the set , a lot of small ones and the bigger , you could cook a basketball ball.The teflon set is of poor quality , after used two times whit the OXO grips are with some scratches . I think that the Tefal teflon sets are better .
 I received my first Farberware cookware 10 years ago and have been in love ever since . The look is timeless , classy , and sophisticated . I was never a big fan of cooking until I began using Farberware . I recently purchased the 13 piece `` Classic Series '' set and was delighted to see that they somehow managed to improve upon what I had considered to be a flawless design ! I often store the pots right on the stove because they are so beautiful and have received complements from everyone who has not been blessed with owning a set . I plan on buying another set for my vacation home and for friends of mine who are getting married soon . The price is affordable and makes this purchase a great value . Make sure you stock up on Bon Ami cleanser ; this is what Farberware recommeds you use if you find it necessary to use a scouring cleanser and to keep the shine without scratching or dulling the product . I only add this because for some reason I 've found Bon Ami difficult to locate lately . You will not be disappointed with the cookware , and I am certain that once you have had the `` Farberware Experience '' you will never want to stray !
 For the money you ca n't beat this set . I just received my set today and had a chance to cook something up tonight . The set is very high quality with good fit and finish . I 've seen 8-10 piece average brand sets in the stores for ... and they do n't compare to this set . The very cheapo type of sets run ... so why not spend the extra ... and get a great high quality set . I would recommend it to anyone .
 have ordered close to half a dozen sets of these and used them for gifts for kids over the last couple of years . the set i have for myself has held up good with the exception of the fry pans which seem to get scratched when someone uses a metal utensil . the value for the set really makes it a exceptional buy
 Now that I am used to this cookware , I am so pleased with my purchase -LRB- I was used to using Mama 's thick , heavy , iron cookware -RRB- . I have had them for about a year now and , despite a little discoloration , they still cook everything perfectly , are a cinch to clean , and the handles are still on nice and tight . The two non-stick skillets have not scratched yet -LRB- I never use metal utensils with these -RRB- . The only drawback to this set is that , because of the plastic handles , you can not put them in the oven .
 We had lived with crappy pans for the first 4 years we were married and knowing nothing about cookware I purchased this set two years ago . We use the set on a daily basis and have abused the non-stick terribly . We also run it through the dishwasher and never handwash . It has not chipped and besides the bottom of the frying pans there are no stains at all.I now own many pieces of Calphalon , Circulon and All Clad which I love and cook with very regularly but I will admit when I do n't feel like doing a lot of handwashing -LRB- which the above brands require -RRB- I reach for my tried and true Farberware.If you have kids and are constantly needing to cook something I highly recommend this set .
 i wo n't be using this cookware set for a few years yet but from the looks of the pots n pans , i think they will be very useful n will last for a good while . my sis-in-law uses farberware n it works very well for her . the price is affordable n it 's better to buy these things in a bulk rather than one pot n pan at a time . Perfect !
 It came in a nice box , well packaged . I think the vendor was on top of the game . Good service
 I received this set as a wedding gift 37 years ago and I still use it nearly every day . Outlasted everything I own , including the marriage . Highly recommend .
 Very nice , high quality cookware ! Washes up nicely , heats on lower heat . AAA +
 Very good piece of kitchen equipment . Very well built , durable and easily manageable . I do wish some of the pieces were a little larger because we are a large family , but they are sufficient for any average family . I would recommend to anyone .
 These are by far the best pots and pans I have EVER purchased in the past , love the way they cook and best of all the easy cleaning of them . What a breaze .
 I 'll tell you what , these were a fantastic deal . If I purchased them individually , I do n't know how much they 'd be . They 're great quality . I bought them because I had one small pot which I received as a wedding gift 30 years ago and loved it . Years ago I went to get another and it was $ 12 . and I thought it was too much . Now I have this whole set . I 'm thrilled .
 It 's good product . I gave because if it has medium size one , it would be better .
 I had not decided on which `` expensive '' set of cookware that I wanted to purchase so I decided to go with these for now . I am perfectly satisfied with the quality for the price and feel that this is a nice set for a couple just starting out or a single person that just needs a standard set . I have other pieces of cookware but wanted some nonstick pots and this fits the bill nicely while also providing some useful mixing bowls with lids . I do however agree with another reviewer that it would be better if the skillets were something other than nonstick . That would have put this set in the 5 star range for me .
 I have started cooking more regularly and needed a good set of pots . I didnt want to pay for All Clad or Calphalon but I wanted quality stuff that would last a long time . The Farberware Classic series fit the bill . I started with the 13-piece set and have been so happy with it that I have added other pieces to my collection.The pieces are sturdy , they conduct heat well , and they are easy to clean . They are also simply designed and attractive , classic enough to fit in a variety of kitchens . Having this set of great cookware has made cooking so much easier and enjoyable that I actually cook more often . Great product !
 Farberware classic is great -- an inexpensive yet equally functional alternative to the very expensive pots & pans . Note
 Wow ! This has got to be the deal of the century , and not only that , these pans will last you almost that long ! My mother has had a set for 35 years , and I 've had mine for 5 . Nearly indestructible , dishwasher safe , good performers on the stovetop , with stay-cool handles ! They even look great after all those years ! The only issue with the old Farberware was that food could stick to it , so with this set they 've included non-stick pans . This has to be about the perfect starter set for anybody -- extremely easy to use even for cooking dummies -LRB- which I was when I bought my first set -RRB- . I mean , how often do you buy a gift knowing that it will still be around 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? That amounts to about 1 cent per day for the whole set -LRB- not including inflation/interest -RRB- ! By the way , if they do break down , they come with a Lifetime Warranty .
 I needed to buy a set of cookware for the cabin I am building in the northern part of New Hampshire , and after looking around a bit for something that would be both serviceable and durable , I decided on this set . It has the added features of being attractive enough to hang out in view and is quite inexpensive . So imagine my surprise when I found out what fun this set is to cook with!That said , I should mention that this set is quite functional as well as beaing attractive . There are 13 pieces in this cookware set , enough to meet the needs of any serious cook . The set ranges from a series of sauce pans to a stockpot to two non-stick skillets . Of course , it also has three mixing bowls , all with snap-on plastic lids.All the pieces are made of heavy stainless polished steel . The saucepans and stockpot have aluminum cores in order to spread heat evenly . Moreover , the entire set comes with a lifetime warranty . Ours see continuous use , and we have been surprised at just how well this inexpensive set serves our varied cooking needs . Enjoy !
 If you take cooking seriously , you probably are n't reading amazon.com reviews to decide what cookware to buy . If you do n't , this set of Farberware pots and pans should be everything you could possibly need . They are n't expensive . They look nice ; they are very shiny . And they last forever . My parents have this set at their house and they have lasted now for over 20 years . What a deal !
 Hi , We got this set one month after getting married , and guess what , it is the thing that we always wanted . It gives us the choices in pan sizes . and there are three more mixing bowls which come handy while cooking or storing left overs . The stockpots are wonderful , they are the used most of the times . The mirror polish is still intact , I think this is a wonderful thing that a newly wed should have . Its worth the price.Positive points
 I 'm ashamed to admit that I bought a cheapo set of cookware when I was first married , trying to save money . Within months , my bargain ware was scratched and scorched beyond belief , and handles were falling off left and right . We recieved the Farberware as a gift , and I 've now had it for nearly 3 years . All the pieces still look brand new . They have resisted scratches and scorch marks . The non-stick feature has worked wonderfully as well . I 'm not too much of a cook , but I 'm very happy with the Farberware !
 My better half and I bought this set about a year ago when we moved into our first apartment and needed to replace our various hand-me-down pans . The one pot we did keep was a well-used 8qt Farberware stockpot he 'd had for several years . As he is fairly hard on his cookware , and does n't want anything you ca n't put in the dishwasher , I felt that if this pot could stand years of his scorching , boiling-over abuse , then we should probably get a whole set . And we 've been very happy with it . The only problem we had was that the saucepans were on the small end , but adding a 3qt saucepan easily fixed the dilemma . All the pans get regular use and have held up wonderfully . I think the key to really appreciating this Farberware set is to have realistic expectations of what it can do . I have found , through the advice of my step-mom and grandmother , that different pans are best used for different things , and it is best to have a collection of adonized aluminum , stainless steel , and even wrought iron to handle the various needs and tasks of the culinary adventurer . In other words , do n't put all your eggs into one kind of pot , and just because it 's the most expensive does n't mean it 's the best one for the job . This is a good little set , and I have loads of fun cooking with it .
 I have owned and used various Farberware cookware since the 70 's , and always have found it to be a great value . Recently I purchased the 13 piece classic set as well as the 3 qt . stack and steam . All the pots look and work great , however the two frying pans are not stainless . They are heavy gauge aluminum which works well as long as you do n't ever scratch the non-stick . I have an older Farberware non-stick spun aluminum pan that corrodes like crazy whenever I wash it . Add to this the fact that the pot lids do n't fit the skillets , and I ca n't recommend them . All the rest of the set is great , so if you can live with the skillets , this is a great deal .
 ive read the reviews and was shocked at people saying negitive things about these pots !!! ive owned mine two years and THEY ARE THE BEST !!!!!!!!!!! First u know how clean up on pots are a pain ... . the washing part ? THESE ARE PERFECT ... example i mashed potatoes had supper and had to leave for two days from home didnt get to wash them they where crusty etc. . . put hot water in the pot and let it sit for 3 mins then took my soap pad and poof they where spotless 100 % very easy to clean up and my frying pans are good too ... . the non stick serface is very good and there are a few minor scratches on them ... . ive even burned food in the frying pans and its slides out with ease and i can still cook a egg with no butter even after burn my pans i love them i want one more set ... . i love them this much ... but ill wait till it goes back on sale againvery happy with these
 I have purchased 3 of these sets over the years . Not because they wore out , but because they are quality sets for a great price . Truly a great deal , especially with Free Shipping .
 I purchased this set about a year ago and like it a lot . I have done a lot of research on cookware since I am a chef and want the best of the best , but can not afford it for my home all of the time . I use the saucepans and saute pans more than anything else and have not had any problem with them at all . If you purchase this set and cook for more than two , I recommend purchasing a 14in skillet and 4qt saucepan because the saute pans and saucepans that come in the set are not big enough , but are good for small things . Do your homework and research products , but I can tell you that this set is the best deal you will find .
 This is one of the best items I have purchased online . Free Shipping was quick and arrived just in 3 days !!
 My husband and I received a set of this cookware 20 something years ago . We still use it and I still like it a lot . I tried some other brands when buying some additional pots . I never liked them as much as the farberware . I have recently purchased a bouble boiler and a 2 qt . pan . The bottoms seem a little heavier which is a good thing . My mother-in-law also has a set with copper bottoms . Hers is older than mine , but look newer . I guess because she never worked and I always have . Maybe I did n't shine them as often . I made up for it a few weeks ago , and they look like new except for the handles are a little dull.This is a great brand for pots and pans !!
 My sister and I bought this set for my grandmother . However she decided that we needed it more than she did so we ended up splitting the set instead . Not only is it easy on the eye but it 's a great addition to any kitchen . I 'd highly recommend this set to anybody from the person who 's out on their own for the first time to the experience cook who needs to replace some well worn pots .
 I bought this set over 10 years ago . -LRB- before non-stick -RRB- . Used it on a daily basis foranywhere from 4-12 people . Never had a complaint . Never needed replacements orrepairs . Washed the pieces in the dishwasher . Am now replacing it with a new set -LRB- because we have a new house ; -RRB- , and have passed on the set to my daughter.She also loves it . Have tried other brands , and always have relied on the Farberware.I find it easier to clean , and only had to use the green scrubbies and dish detergent , with even the worst grease spots . Even on my Farberware electric skillet bottom .
 My Farberware set has lasted > 25 years in constant use with no problems -LRB- they still look great and they 're still in use -RRB- . The selection is a very useful one and at the price the are a great value . These pans are a great choice for one 's first kitchen , they perform well , can be tossed in the dishwasher , and can be kept as clean as new with no extraordinary effort .
 I 'm ashamed to admit that I bought a cheapo set of cookware when I was first married , trying to save money . Within months , my bargain ware was scratched and scorched beyond belief , and handles were falling off left and right . We recieved the Farberware as a gift , and I 've now had it for nearly 3 years . All the pieces still look brand new . They have resisted scratches and scorch marks . The non-stick feature has worked wonderfully as well . I 'm not too much of a cook , but I 'm very happy with the Farberware !
 I purchased my first set of classic farberware a little over 25 years ago to surprise my wife when she came home from the hospital after delivering our first child . In the intervening years we have added to the set , but are still using all the original pans . We have replaced the handles a couple of times -LRB- which farberware has never changed appreciably -RRB- . We have purchased several sets for nieces & nephews for wedding gifts over the years . All of those sets are still in use without any replacements required . Today , I just gave a set to my daughter -LRB- the child from 25 years ago -RRB- to take with her in setting up her apartment now that she 's graduated from college , and has a job out in the real world . These pans are great !
 This is it ! I 'm done looking for quality cookware . This snazzy cookware set is perfect for anybody and any family ! Buy it . You 'll be happy . We also purchased a few hundred more dollars worth of cookware pieces to go with this set that replaced our old `` pre-baby/poor college kid '' pieces !
 I 'm a college student , and since I was moving into my first apartment , I thought it was a good idea to buy cookware . I searched through Amazon for a set with the a lot of pieces and a low cost . Obviously , this was the set I chose . Boy ! Did I get lucky ! This set is very durable , easy to clean and has a classic look that wo n't go out of style . It 's a great beginner set as it has all the pieces an amateur cook would need . So , if you 're looking to buy someone their first set of cookware , this is the one to get !
 Boy am I glad I did n't go with the Calphalon cookware ! Not only is this cookware aesthetically pleasing , but my wife and I love cooking with it . The handle never gets hot , the non-stick surfaces never stick , the heat is very evenly and quickly distributed throughout the base of each of these fantastic pieces of cookware . The mixing bowls are durable and great for mixing , of course , as well as for storing foods in the refrigerator since the snap-on lids are air tight . This set is worth every penny of that it retails for .
 when i saw 80 for Farberware stuff i didnt waited for a minute to show it to my wife and we bought it . even thoug some of the items in the box may be useless its enough to get 4 main tools for this rate.really a good deal for ppl who starting the house or just add some more stuff to their existing kitchen closet .
 I 'm now 25 yrs . old ... and am looking for a nice , affordable , cookware set in the case that my roomates , who own all of the pots and pans I use , move out :-RRB- I put a few sets on my wish list on Amazon ... thinking maybe my mom would purchase one for an my Bday or Christmas coming up -LRB- hehe -RRB- . After adding two sets -LRB- a Faberware and a Kitchen Aid -RRB- I decided to look at the pots that I grew up with ... b/c , they are easy to clean , they 've lasted longer than I 've been alive -LRB- not quite sure how long my mom has owned this set -RRB- and they cook great . I looked for the stainless steel set , and here it is ... and it looks just the same as the ones in my mom 's cupboards ! I would highly recommend this set . As I said ... we 've been using it for over 25 years , and it has held up beautifully.Easy to clean , they heat evenly , and the handles do not become hot .
 Nothing is better than Farberware pans . I have had some for 31 yrs . and use them every day . Now my kids ask for them when they move out .
 I have owned several sets of cookware during my 30 year cooking career , including Revere Ware , which I used to think was the best , and Teflon coated aluminum pots and pans , which I thought was a great idea until the Teflon started to peel . I finally went back to stainless steel , with the thick aluminum bottoms in this set . What I actually ended up doing was to combine two different sets in order to get what I really wanted . I got the big stock pot , the double boiler , dutch oven , 5 qt . 3 qt . and two 2 qt . pans , which fit perfectly on the different size burners on my smoothtop stove . I ended up selling the extra pans I did n't need in a garage sale . I also purchased the 12 in . square-sided skillet , which is great for sauteing and frying big meals for our family of seven . I love the durability and hardiness of these pans . The steel-clad aluminum bottoms work well to make for a heavy-bottomed , even-heating pan . I have burned a few meals over the years , and even though the stainless steel discolors , it does n't warp , and scrubbing hard with stainless steel wool gets it clean . I do my best to keep the outsides clean , and they still look great . I can easily see myself using these pans the rest of my life , and passing them on to my descendants !
 I use every single piece of this set every week . They have lasted forever . They 're easy to clean , dishwasher safe and I have the perfect size for everything I need . I highly recommend every piece in this set .
 I purchased this set from Amazon about 2 years ago . It 's been one of the best purchases I 've made . The cookware has held up great even though I always put it in the dishwasher -LRB- except for the nonstick pans -RRB- . It still cooks very well and looks good too . The handles are solid and attached with stainless screws.Also , it 's easy to get matching pieces -- there is a Farberware outlet store at Aurora Farms in Ohio and you can get matching pieces there . I picked up a steamer pan there and it was also well-made . Overall , I highly recommend this product .
 The pans are great and cook evenly and quickly . The bowls are fantastic ; they have lids and nest together . All-in-all , I 'm extremely happy with the purchase .
 Great product for the price . All you need for the kitchen is there ... I 'm really happy with my purchase .
 This set was purchased for a camper , heats and distributes the temp well for a less expensive set , Farberware is a trusted name
 Have this cookware for past few years . Until now no complaints from me nor my friends who got this !!! Thanks farberware for making such wonderful product .
 I ordered two sets of these , one for my mother and one my sister needed as a wedding gift for someone . Well , after looking at what great quality they were , my sister and I both wish we had bought a set for ourselves . :-LRB- My mother has hers hanging in her kitchen , and they look great too . : -RRB-
 i really liked the entire set . Quality is really high . Must go for.Highly recommanded
 So far , this item is great and we love it . I 've read that this will last a long time ; that 's what had attracted me to this . We had to buy several sets prior to this purchase . I 'd gotten tired with these -LSB- inexpensive -RSB- ones ... You get what you pay for ... So we are happy with this recent purchase . bargain prices for quality items .
 What a bargain for this cookware set from Farberware . I have been using Farberware cookware for nearly 40 years , and paid more for 1 or 2 items than this whole set cost . These will last me the rest of my life .
 This set is awesome . Nice and heavy , heats evenly , easy care . I highly recommend this product .
 I 've used Classis Farberware for many years and just decided to get a new set . This is a fantastic starter set if you 've never had Farberware before , or great add-ons to existing set . Great deal at this price - highly recommended .
 I always come back to my Farberware . no cookwear at any price is as good as these .
 I absolutley love my pots and pans set it was great for starting out on my own again !
 I love these pans and they look great in my kitchen , Excellent price fast shipping A +
 This cookware set is unbelievably nice for what it cost me.The lids are awkward , but since the lids from my last set of cookware fit these perfectly , I 'm using the old ones.The pots are a little small , but the stockpot is the best -- a great size and very heavy duty -- this piece alone was worth the price.The handles on the frying pans are ` different ' , not great for storage , but work nicely when using . Both sizes work well and these pans clean easily.I 'm extremely satisfied with this purchase .
 I purchased this set of cookware for my daughter who is a college student living with roommates in an apartment . She is very pleased with the variety of sizes of skillets and saucepans and is impressed with the way she can cook and not burn food like she did before . A real bargain !!
 I have owned farberware all of my life , so has my mother and grandmother . I have used other pots in the past but nothing cooks more evenly than a farberware pot . They have held up through all of the years and will continue to do so . I purchased these pots and pans so I could add to my prior collection . I love them . If they had a spot for a ten star thats How I would rate it . The price is also favorable . If you have never owned farberware before try it you wont want anything else!G From New Jersey
 I BEEN LOOKING FOR A FABERWARE CLASSIC SET FOR A LONG TIME AND FINALLY FOUND IT ONLINE ... I PURCHASED INDIVIDUALLY AS I NEEDED DIFFERENT SIZES . . bigger ... I GREW UP WITH POTS LIKE THESE AND MY MOM STILL HAS THEM ... I 'M 46 SO GO FIGURE ... I LOVE MINE
 I just recieved and used my new cookware set and am very satisfied with the quality and performance . Not being a very good cook , I happened to burn cheese in the small skillet and it wiped right out . It seems to be very sturdy , I suspect that I will not be purchasing another set soon .
 Farberware has been a mainstay in the American home for years . Although I am disappointed that it 's now made in Thailand , what is n't ? It is still good quality , heavy , transfers heat extremely well and is a joy to use . Whether one uses this set as a ` second ' , or as their primary cookware , one ca n't go wrong . Extra piece 's are available on amazon , or at your local -LSB- store -RSB- . When buying cookware , remember one thing , a $ 10 fry pan or a $ 100 fry pan cooks a pound of hamburger equally well .
 We received this set 13 years ago as a wedding gift and I love it ! Have burned many pots of rice in these but the clean-up is amazingly simple . My husband is a professional chef and prefers this set to calphalon and other pricey pans . Have even put in dishwasher and the shine remains . Only complaint is handles need a tightening every once in a while .
 Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . I had this cookware at one time , and I can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . Unlike Calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . However , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans -LRB- except for nonstick interiors -RRB- frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . I found the stainless steel bowls with plastic lids to be very useful .
 I love this cookware ! I had to leave my old kitchen things behind when I moved suddenly last fall due to illness and had gotten some cheap crud at Wal-Mart . BIG MISTAKE . After just 5 months it was a mess , so I went looking at Amazon , Target , and a bunch of other sites . This set was the best bargain and the highest quality I could afford and I could not be much happier with it . The bottoms are heavy and not only retain heat but distribute it evenly . I 've only scorched one dish since getting the set and that was my fault , not the cookware . I will be adding other pieces from this line to my collection . Recommended .
 This set is really nice but the pots are wide they are just deep . Its hard for me to cook certain things because I cant fit eveything in them . They are a nice quality though . In fact they are the best set that I have ever purchased .
 I am very happy with the set . The pots and pans are strong and clean easily , and the set comes with an added bonus of having 3 metal bowls in different sizes that have corresponding plastic covers . The price was great . This was a great purchase .
 I purchased this set as a Christmas gift for my daughter . She was thrilled at the quality of this set , and I could n't believe what a low price I paid for this awesome collection of cookware . It 's heavy duty , extremely well-made , and certain to last for many years to come . Has a cool kind of retro look , too . I 'm buying a set for myself , too ... it 's much better than the T-Fal I own and paid a lot more for .
 I have been using my Farberware Classic Cookware for over 10 years . I absolutely love the set and it 's holding up great ! I needed more pots and pans and wanted another set of Farberware , but my mother bought me another brand . I only use it when necessary , but I use the Farberware on a daily basis . I would highly recommend this product . It 's at a great price and I will soon be purchasing the second set that I 've been wanting .
 There is a lot of cookwear out there at much much higher prices , but most of it seems to be as much for show as cooking . Farberware Classic is a bit plain , but it is built for a lifetime of family-style good cooking ; we got a starter set 30 years ago we still use every day and added larger pieces to it as the family grew . For the combination of excellect heat distribution , cool handles , easy cleanability , functional range of sizes and types of cookwear , durability and value it is the best . A few swishes with a scouring pad and pop it into the dishwasher -- it all comes out like new even after the hardest service.Most of all I like the big 14 '' frypan we got a few years ago - just perfect for sunday traditional breakfast.A few years ago we started replacing all Mom 's odds and ends with complete Farberware replacement too . Makes an easy way to know what to buy for someone at birthdays and Christmas - just keep adding new pieces into the set!Truthfully , we have an occasional need to tighten the handle screw on a few pieces ... but as you can see I do n't consider this has never been a problem . I still like to compare cookware in the stores and have yet to see this line topped for utilitarian , practical beauty .
 I had this framed at Aaron Brothers and it looks excellent . It is for my office .
 I recieved my first Faberware pan 57 years ago as a weddingpresent . The handle finally gave out and I was delighted tofind I could still get a replacement - and made in America !
 This is a very well made stock pot . It will be used for many things ! Making gravy , stews , chili , soup , etc ! I purchased as a Xmas gift for my son and daughter-in-law . It will be with them for many years to come ! Excellent price here too ! 100 % satisfied !!! = -RRB-
 Stock pot arrived in perfect condition and is Farberware as usual . Best stainless out there for the price . Too bad it is n't still made in the USA . Stay cool handles are a plus . I have some other stainless cookware on which the handles get too hot to handle . Farberware is durable and longlasting . The heavy bottom keeps foods from scorching when simmering on low heat for long periods.Speedy delivery .
 Not much of a pot buying person , but this is very pretty looking and well crafted . Def will get the rest of the set
 I use this pot exclusively for making iced tea , since my family drinks it by the barrel ! This pot keeps it shine well , and cleans up easily - the only issue I had was the handles are plastic and welded onto the pot , not bolted to it . Not sure how long the handles will last because of this -LRB- imagine lifting a potful of water at least 2-3 times a week -RRB- , but all in all , a great little pot to have !
 The pot is a good size and is sturdy . However , I would have like a clear lid better . Also the handles tend to get hot so I have to use mittens when take the pot off the stove to drain things like pasta . The price was good for what you get .
 So far so good . Very solid feeling pot , as one would expect . Seems good for the price , comparing it to other similar pots here on Amazon . So far , it has performed well .
 The stockpot comes well packaged , and it feels fairly substantial . I was hesitant about buying stainless steel cookware , but this item allays those fears . The pot that I previously used would tend to burn any items resting on the bottom , but this stockpot resists this . It is easy to clean and it is the perfect size for myself ; I only cook for one , but occasionally I need more space than normal pots allow me . I do n't regret buying it !
 Farberware is the greatest product ! The pans last forever ! Have had my set for years . Bought to add to my daughters set !
 I placed my order for this Farberware pot as I needed a non-reactive pot to make my spaghetti sauce and knew that Farberware was a quality product . I ordered it through Amazon and received in promptly and have been using it regularly . I do not hesitate to order through Amazon at all .
 This pan is a family classic in my home ! I had to search and search many a page to find it , and its half the price I have seen on ` guarenteed lowest price ' sites.My family cooks traditional italian meals from gravy making to stuffed artichokes and this size is by far the most common pan we ever used.As for Farberware , I ca n't say enough good things . If you could tell the 45 year old pots from the new ones in my Moms house , well you would be psychic because no one in the family can.Even after the bean incident of 83 , we still recovered the pan nicely -LRB- dont ask , but lets just say dad used power tools -RRB-
 This is a great little stockpot . As mentioned earlier it 's a very stable pot . I have a glass cooktop and only very flat bottom pans are usable and this one works very well . I do n't like non-stick pans and stainless are a lifetime investment so this is an excellent pot for an excellent price .
 Its a very good size utensil.The heavy bottom of the utensil helps it to be stable on electric as well as the gas burners . Also the thickness helps in slow cooking and the bottom retains heat . Ideal for rice recipes . Heating is uniform.Another good utensil from Farberware in my collection .
 You really ca n't go wrong with any of Farberware 's pots ! They really last a lifetime ! I have the 3qt ,6 qt ,8 qt ,1 qt , and 2qt . The 3qt is the best for everyday ! They will last for generations ! My mother still uses them and I grew up with her cooking with them when I was a child and they still are excellent!Believe me you get your money 's worth with Farberware ! The classic collection is excellent ! I know my sets will last as long as my mother 's .
 When I purchase anything new I want it to work as advertised and be safe to use -- be it clothes , car , electrical appliance , food , etc. . In this case I bought the stainless steel Farberware Classic 6-Quart Stockpot with Lid . I was n't looking for beautiful as described in the Farberware blurb -- though a product that looks good is an added bonus of course . Rather I want the design to work ; is it built heavy strong enough to to stand up to ordinary and occasional misuse in the kitchen . That is , if I lose track of time and burn the stew , chili or beans I am cooking , is there a real danger of fire as well ? My opinion is this stockpot will stand the test of time . It had heft and a good feel right out of the box . I use an electric range on medium heat and it does the job beautifully with no worries . Just what I wanted . Oh , and the price was reasonable too . I also recommend you read the user reviews , good and bad . Take them with a grain of salt too .
 Amazon stocks a long-time favorite brand . This stockpot was purchased as a gift . Both the recipient and myself have been using Farberware for over 40 years . The quality is great without being extremely expensive . I would recommend Farberware stainless steel cookware to those starting out as well as experienced cooks . It can be cleaned in the dishwasher and comes out sparkling . I also have their frying pan which is used on a regular basis . My stockpot has been used for countless stews and soups . I would not want to be without it .
 I could n't be happier with my Farberware Classic , 6-qt . covered stock pot . I could not not find this item anywhere else . I tossed out my old beat up teflon coated pot . This completes my set of Classic Farberware . I highly recommend it . It cooks and cleans beautifully .
 excellent stockpot in terms of price and quality . I have many of farberware classic series items and absolutely love them .
 This was a gift to my daughter . She said it was the perfect size she needed and she believes it is the same great quality she has had in the pots she received for her wedding 25 years ago .
 Needed to replace a copper bottom stock pot because it left metal behind on electric smooth top range.This was the final size pot we needed to replace and had looked at it in dept stores and online . This was the best price we found for the pot by about a $ 10 margin.The pot is sturdy and is fully stainless clad to avoid marking the smooth top .
 You can always trust Faberware to make a quality stock pot that does n't cost a lot . This pot is the workhorse in my kitchen and is great for any kind of cooking but especially great with soups and stews .
 What more can one say about Farberware Classic Stainless . Simply the best ! I have some of these pots which are 42 years old with original handles .
 Used it the first day it arrived and worked just fine . Replaced one I had and did what is expected
 Great stockpot.Good for cooking soups , stews , pasta , chili or whatever you desire.Good heavy material and bottom heats evenly.Would buy again .
 I began looking for a nice size stockpot for my mother for Christmas . Everything was so expensive to buy just the one pot and she did n't ' t need a whole set . I found this one on Amazon and noticed there was a used like new one for $ 19.99 . I 've never bought anything uses before so was a little worried . Well mom loves the pot . I told her about it being used like new and now she wants another one just like it . It 's big but not too big . She says it 's perfect .
 I 've had this same pan for years and I 'm buying additional pans in a variety of sizes , not replacements because you ca n't wear them out . These pans cook at even temperatures so everything cooks well . I make a lot of homemade candies at the holidays and the design of the pan prevents scorching easily . All I have to do is run hot water in it for clean-up and it cleans up really easily . I 've tried other cookware , even the expensive stuff and I always come back to these pans because of the even cooking.In this type of cookware there are things that will stick a little if you 're not stirring it enough or if you leave it too long . Non-stick cookware has it 's place for scrambled eggs & such for quick and easy cooking , but there is no comparison to stainless steel cookware . Nice , even cooking and pans that last for years is what you get with these pans.I 've whipped potatoes right in these pans for years and they are still shiny and nice looking . I use Barkeepers Friend to keep them clean shiny and if something does stick , it removes it efficiently .
 It 's a good pot but it 's pretty heavy . It also makes some kindof weird noise when it 's boiling , but everything seems fine . It was cheap and gets the job done .
 This is excellent product !! I 've always loved the quality of Faberware and I wished this pot came in 8-quart . The cleaning is very easy and I really like the solid cover rather than glass which is my personal choice . I have used other Faberware products and they have lasted for years ! Thank you !
 This pot is heavy duty and good for general use . It can be used for a variety of cooking from making pasta to making and heating up soup . Easy to clean and looks good too .
 I checked other pots but wanted to continue using same company as I have used for forty-five years . I have enjoyed using farberware for all of my cooking experiences .
 I have had a faberware set of pots for over 30 years . I bought this size for my daughter and myself and it is perfect . Great quality and fast shipping .
 We love all our farberware . This addition to our set will be used for many years to come . My grandmother has this set , as does my parents . Farberware is the best cookware on the market ... love it !
 Exactly as I would expect , solid , handles can be re-attached if they come loose , unlike the cheap stock pot I am replacing . Nice size . Covers large burner but does not overlap .
 The Farberware 6 quart stainless steel stockpot is reasonably priced , well made , and very attractive .
 my mother has been using farberware pots for years and I love them just like her . For the price , you ca n't beat them . So durable and they last forever ... I will always use Farberware pots and pans . Great value !
 I purchased this farberware 6 qt pot while farberware was offering a rebate . So I got a great deal and the pot is just what I was looking for.Thanks !
 I have had this peice of Farberware for 45 years -LRB- got a set for one of my Wedding Shower gifts -RRB- and it still has held up like new!I mainly use this now for boiling/making mash-potatoes then using my electric beaters in it ... I know that may sound crazy , but after cleaning it with Bar Keepers Friend it still looks shinny , and the inside looks the same . I do n't know of anyother cookware that can stand up to electric beaters and still be in great shape . I do not have any dings or dents in mine.I do n't think you can ware this Farberware out.I grew up with Farberware , and who ever has it , has to be amazed how good it still is ! It makes me wonder why anyone would buy all clad , which is very pricey and HEAVY !!! Farberware cooks even also.For many years I used this Pot for making Pasta Sauce , Soups , boiling pasta , etc. . Over the years I have given my Farberware to my kids when they where in college . but now I am finding New peices that I ca n't believe how good this stainless cookware still is . . Check out the Farberware 5 quart Casserole . . FANTASTIC.Most of my cookware now is Calphalon Commercial , which is great , but heavy . . but after just buying the 5qt farberware casserole I 'm looking for other peices.I have the Farberware large fry pan , but I now see the new one has a helper handle , which is really needed.I do think the new Farberware is a bit different -LRB- they had to up date ! -RRB- , but this 6 Quart can not be beat . I do not see where there has been any changes in this , last forever Pot ... Two thumbs up .
 This is a great pot -- it is bigger than my old one but it serves so many more ideas re
 Got tired of using non-stick pots that did not last , and I am so glad that I bought this pot . It 's a beautiful made pot that looks good and cooks good.I had about five quarts of beef stew on an electric eight inch burner , and it simmers just fine at the three setting . I then washed the pot , and then put in drainer to dry . I noticed a light white film in the bottom of the pot . Also , there was a very small spot of blue discoloration . Poured just a little bit of white vinegar in the pot . It was just enough to cover the bottom . Let it sit about a minute , and then used a paper towel and wiped it around the bottom . Rinsed it and the pot was sparkling clean.I compared this pot to a Cuisinart Classic Stainless , and the Farberware Classic is a heftier pot . I also like the fact that there is no rivets inside of the pot . The handles have gotten warm , but not hot enough that I could not touch them with my hands.Best pot I have in the kitchen right now , so I will have to buy another Farberware to keep it company !
 We 've had the Farberware Classic 6 qt . stockpot for at least 15 years . It has been used for pasta , soup , casseroles , popcorn , ribs , etc. . It has been used mainly on the stove top , but we have used it in the oven from time to time , not above 350 degrees as specified . It 's a nice heavy , all-purpose stockpot that I think is an excellent value . If something ever really sticks or bakes on , just soaking in some hot soapy water -LRB- sometimes a little white vinegar -RRB- and cleaning up with a no-scratch nylon scrubby brings it right back . You can tell it 's an often used piece of equipment in our kitchen , but it still looks and - most importantly - works wonderfully !
 This pot is heavy stainless steel . I was so pleased when I received it as I use this size pan for stews and soups . It is a good size and I am enjoying it .
 I love this product . Been using Farberware for years ! A few years ago I purchased a more expensive set and was n't pleased with it . I would recommend Farbereware to anyone !!! THE BEST
 This was an addition to a set my son gave me for Christmas and since I got it I had used it more than the rest of the set , which by the way I love . The bottom surface is steady and heats up evenly and food does not stick to bottom . Farberware pot and pans are great in my opinion .
 Solid bottom surface for evenly spreading heat.Resists sticking as well as any pot we own.I would recommend this product.Large enough to cook 1 # of macaroni at a time .
 I almost bought a pot at a local discount store that had metal handles . I 'm glad I realized before I bought it how uncomfortable the handles would be , especially when the pot was full . I was delighted to find that Farberware had a pot the size I needed with comfortable plastic handles . The pot is as beautiful as it is functional . I also own other Farberware cookware that I have been very happy with . The plastic handles are very durable and I have never had one chip or break . I love my new stockpot !
 Very nice 6 qt size . I replaced two pots that were also 6 qt , but shallower and too large of diameter to easily fix both on the stove top at one time . This one is great .
 Farberware Stockpot arrived in pristine condition . Has been used so far for boiling shrimp and pasta and as pot with vegetable basket for steaming vegetables.Cleans very easily and continues to look terrific.This product was puchased at Amazon , a site where I have also purchased Grandchildren Toys , Movies and Books .
 This 6 qt . crock pot with lid was just what I expected . I was so very pleased with it . The quality of the pot and lid met my expectations . I have a Faberware frying pan which I have had over 35 years . They just last and last . The reason I bought this pot was because I needed another 6 qt . pot to make the many soup recipes that I have . It is very well made , easy to handle and washing it is a breeze . You will not be sorry when you purchase this pot . I am a very satisfied customer with this purchase . Amazon also lived up to their promise of delivery . Yes I would order again through Amazon . I am a very satisfied customer and highly recommend it !!
 I bought this pot as part of a shower gift . I opened it up and checked it out and realized I wanted one of my own !!! The quality looks great -LRB- as do most farberware -RRB- and my sister loves using it .
 It is great to buy one pot to fill in a set , the stores did not offer this pot alone only as part of a set .
 We received and purchased many of the Farberware `` Classic '' pieces around the time of our wedding in 1988 . After 23 years of heavy use they are still in great condition . The pot heats evenly , even on an electric range , and the bottom has not warped -- is still flat . I do not take `` special '' care of these either . My kids usually wash the dishes :-RRB- and the pots and pans are holding up great . This 6-qt pot is currently on the stove filled with split-pea soup . I am reviewing this size because it is the one that gets the most heavy use . I am now looking for a larger size stockpot to accommodate our now larger family of 6 and I will be purchasing the Farberware .
 Looked for Farberware pans in the past but none compared with the quality of my 53 year old ones . Thought I 'd give Amazon a try . Pleasently surprised , the quality was comparable to our 53 year old wedding gifts , so happy I took the chance !
 I really love this pot . It 's a bit larger than I expected , but that 's my fault for not researching the size of pots properly . I 'm just cooking for myself so 6 quarts is a bit more than needed . Regardless , even when I cook small amounts of things , the food does n't burn or stick horrifically - this pot conducts heat well and is nice and heavy bottomed . It 's easy to clean and I would recommend this pot .
 I was searching for a non-stick pot and this item came up on the results . After reading all the reviews , without realizing this was not a non-stick , I ordered it . Needless to say I was very surprised to find out my mistake . Nevertheless , I love Farberware and chose to keep it because of the amazingly low price . I do n't use anything that might stick to it so no issues there . So far I 've only used it to cook pasta and it 's perfect . I had issues with the prior pot I was using as the pasta invariably stuck . Not the case here . Excellent !
 This is a well-made product . I 'd order it again if ever I needed one but I suspect this is going to last a lifetime . Nice fit on the lid . Distributes the heat very evenly . Sturdy . Nice looking . Love it !
 I have two of these . One was a gift and the other one I purchase more than 10 years ago . I love the size and shape for cooking chicken curry to rice , spaghetti and meatballs , vegetables etc. , etc. , I would have a hard time to give this one away . If I am cooking a large meal than this is the one I select from my collection of cookware.To be fair I am trying to find `` one '' negative for this pot . I would not put it in the oven . It will last for years .
 This stockpot is a combination of quality and versatility.My wife has given this item as a bridal shower gift many times .
 This is the classic stock pot we have all grown to love . Easy to clean and the perfect size for simmering soup or cooking pasta . I recommend getting the next size up , and am sorry I did n't . I do n't think it would take a heck of a lot more storage space , and for this item , your mantra should be
 You can always count on Faberware to deliver a great product . The price on Amazon was better than any sale in our area stores . I use this size pot several times a week , so when my Reverware pot of 40 years gave out , I decided on replacing it with a Faberware because I own a larger version of it . Have always been very happy with the quality and performance of it . So far , the smaller version is just as good . I 'm sure it will last another 40 years , so I 'll be able to hand it down in the family , Super fast delivery from dealer as well .
 I bought my first set 30 + years ago and finally walked away from my big kettle and burned it dry -LRB- sucks getting old -RRB- . The product has not changed in that time because its great !
 ANOTHER PIECE THAT JOINS THE REST OF MY DAUGHTER 'S SET!WE LOVE THEM ALL!JCL
 My mother has had her set of Farberware for well over 30 years , and has never had a problem . I 've had mine for about 15 , and I am now replacing this particular pot -LRB- the second pot in my set that needed replacement -RRB- . The rim on my 8-qt and the one on my 2.5 qt sauce pot have cracked . I had the saucepan replaced 10yrs ago via mail and the lifetime warranty.I would replace it with the same pot , but I find that the plastic handles get too hot to hold bare-handed when I use the large burners on my gas stove . Also I 'd like a glass lid to see when the water is boiling without removing the lid . So I 'm in the market for something slightly different , but ca n't find anything as good for a similar cost.HOWEVER , when I was offered the opportunity to replace my cookware , I kept this pot specifically because the size is wonderful for making large amounts of soup/chilis/etc . The pot itself is not too heavy to carry when empty , and it fits in most sinks for easy cleanup -LRB- I have a spaghetti pot that wo n't fit under my faucet -RRB- . And it did last 15 years , being washed in the dishwasher and otherwise used and abused.What makes this pot the best is the dimensions . It 's not so wide as to take over the entire stove , but not so narrow that it 's impossible to get a spoon inside and stir up a thick chili . The bottom is heavy enough to conduct heat and boil water quickly.It 's a great mid-priced pot . If it had metal handles , I 'd use 1-click on it right now ! I may purchase it again anyway , but I 'm still undecided .
 This is the one you use for all of your heavy-duty kitchen needs . Making chili for six ? Steaming vegetables ? Cooking rice ? Making 1 lb . of pasta ? Making a soup ? Need to store leftovers in the fridge ? You will use this pot for years ... My mom has had hers for 35 years , I 've had mine for 5 . How many products do you buy nowadays that you expect to last that long ? These pots are virtually indestructible and are beatiful besides . Solid , classic . It lives up to its name .
 Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . I had this cookware at one time , and I can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . Unlike Calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . However , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . The 8-Quart Stockpot with Lid is a kitchen essential .
 I tried this stockpot based on the reviews of other buyers on this site . Just as they claimed , the cooking quality is good , with a minimum of sticking -LRB- chili -RRB- , and absolutely no burning . I have never had such success with stainless steel pots , or cast iron dutch ovens . Clean up was a snap . The price was right , too . I recommend it wholeheartedly .
 This stockpot is a good size for making soup , stew , pasta & chili . It can be used to make two very satisfactory portions or four normal portions -LRB- for normal eaters , unlike myself -RRB- . It is not too large and unwieldy , especially loaded with food . It is simple to clean , conducts heat very well and a delight to use ! An excellent value . Farberware also makes a nice pasta insert which is a great addition to this pot .
 One reviewer here has spoken of his or her difficulty in keeping this Farberware pot in like-new condition - it 's actually easy to do . What you need is a BLUE Scotchbrite scrubber sponge -LRB- NOT THE GREEN -RRB- , and a can of Cameo brand stainless steel cleaner . Cameo is a powder that 's available in most grocery stores , somewhere near the Comet cleanser . Using the scrubber side of the Scotchbrite scrubber , scrub the inside with Cameo , and your Farberware will come back up absolutely like new . The sponge side of the Scotchbrite scrubber and Cameo will take care of the outside - do n't use the scrubber side on the outside 's mirror finish . Again , the green Scotchbrite scrubbers are too harsh for either the inside or the outside of a Farberware pot - it will leave scratchy scouring marks , so be sure to use only the blue . This pot will remain new-looking indefinitely with the use of the blue Scotchbrite scrubber and Cameo - I have Farberware that 's thirty years old , and you can hardly tell it from new . If anything burns onto the outside bottom of the pot , a little oven cleaner will remove it without scratching . Farberware is famous for maintaining its good looks over time , given proper care . I 'm sure happy with mine .
 I was impressed with the thickness of the pot and immediately made beef stew -- it handled the initial saute to three hours of simmering perfectly , and was still easy to clean . I have a non-stick Anolon stockpot in the same size -- but its not as easy to clean even though it has the same size and heft as the Farberware . Its a great addition to anyone who loves and needs to cook .
 This pot is a great size , large but not unwieldy , -LRB- even when loaded with food -RRB- . It heats quite evenly and is a pleasure to cook in . The no-drip lip and the well fitting cover are a plus . It is simple to keep clean and is also dishwasher safe .
 This was a replacement for an 8 qt . Farberware stockpot that we accidentally burnt through . It is almost an exact replacement , but not quite . The lid is a little smaller . The old lid fits a frying pan , so that was a bonus . We use it a lot to cook soups , beans , and stews and it heats quickly and evenly . The handles are great because they do n't require oven mitts to move the pot . They do n't have exposed rivets inside , either , that would trap food , so we do n't worry about cleanup or sanitary issues .
 You really ca n't go wrong with any of Farberware 's pots ! They really last a lifetime ! I have the 3qt ,6 qt ,8 qt ,1 qt , and 2qt . The 3qt is the best for everyday ! They will last for generations ! My mother still uses them and I grew up with her cooking with them when I was a child and they still are excellent!Believe me you get your money 's worth with Farberware ! The classic collection is excellent ! I know my sets will last as long as my mother 's .
 Howdy folks , We had a pot much like this for many years . Perfect size for cooking chili , spaghetti , or a large batch of corn from the garden . It also worked great for steaming crab legs , and that 's when it met it 's end . The second round was steaming as we dipped our crab legs in melted butter and no thought was given to checking the water . Oops ! My daughter caught it just as the pot ran out of water and prevented a fire . The old pot was ruined and I needed to find a replacement.I looked for several days for the exact Farberware pot , but that model is no longer sold . This one fit the bill . It 's a great replacement for the one we toasted . Shorter and wider than a stock pot and perfect for our needs . I would say the quality is as good as the old one , but it will take many years to know for sure . If you do n't like the tall stock pots and prefer a wider pot , this is it . No complaints after several months of use .
 This is a great stock pot for almost any use . Works great for canning as it is wider and you can scoop out of it much easier than others . Have never had trouble with anything sticking to the bottom , cleans up well . The handles are nice , as they do not stick out so far that they are a problem , when it comes to storage in a cabinet , like so many other kettles
 Here 's how I judge my standard appliances ... Do they work ? Are they easy to use ? Are they fun to use ? Do they add any extra features ? Would I buy it again?Most importantly , this pot works . The handles do n't retain heat and they are safe to touch . I 've made some good pasta sauce in it and the whole thing did n't combust on itself . I have n't put it through the dishwasher so I ca n't tell you how it holds up , though my other Farberware products have held up good . This pot is about as fun as you can get for a pot . Plus , you can say to people , `` Hey - check out this huge pot I just bought . ''
 Years ago when I was starting over , I was given a few mismatched pieces of Farberware in some odd sizes , like a 4 qt stockpot and an 16 qt stockpot along with a really small frying pan . I gladly used them and they served me well until I ran across a super great deal on a nonstick set . I pushed my farberware to the back of the cabinets for years . Well my nonstick set has had lots of wear and the coating has been coming off for a long time , but I used them anyway . I really thought most of the coating came off while washing and not really during cooking , but I made mac & cheese the other day and I counted at least 20 black specs from the cookware that were stuck to my noodles !! It was reality looking at me in the face . I threw all my nonstick stuff away and brought out those odd sizes of Farberware until I got a new set . I looked at many different options and sets , but decided to purchase a few pieces that matched my odd old pieces to make my own complete set . I did n't want any duplicates or any more strange sizes that I would n't use to take up space I did n't really have . I LOVE this 8 qt stockpot !! It 's not too big , but big enough to cook large batches of soup or boil a large pot of potatoes ! It 's solid , flat base sits nicely on my cooktop and does n't budge while cooking like my other pots used to do . It also matches my old stuff that I was given years ago ! I ca n't belive how pretty it is out of the box -LRB- since mine always had scuff marks from green scrubbie sponges -RRB- ! I am very pleased with this purchase and would do so again . I still do n't understand what took me so long to buy some more Farberware !
 I use this pot a lot for soup , money well spent for a large pot that does n't really take up anymore room then a smaller pot .
 This is a great classic stockpot , that my own mother has used for 35 years , and now I am using for my cooking needs . Its great for sauces and soups but not much else . I tried to make rice and beans in this pot - which wasnt smart since the rice burned badly on the bottom . i also tried to sautee some chicken in the bottom which also wasnt smart since the chicken got stuck to the bottom of the pot . BUT again , cooked some great sauce and soup in here , and if you cook for many , this is a great staple to have in kitchen .
 This product is of outstanding quality and durability . In todays age when cook wear is becoming thinner , lighter , and less durable , I am pleased to say that this pot is solid and well made , just like Farberware pots of the past .
 There product is very well made . The lid forms a tight seal . The rivets on the handles are not exposed which makes cleaning easy . My only complaint is that the handles get hot .
 This purchase was a replacement for an original 8-Quart Farberware Stockpot purchased 30 years ago . The pot is excellent quality , but it 's diameter is smaller than the original , creating a space issue for us when stacking other pots . Other than that , I 'm expecting to get as many years use from this one as we did the original -LRB- as long as I stay out of the kitchen -RRB- .
 We were given some of these in 1969 , as a wedding gift . Today we ca n't tell which are the new one and which are the old one . They last forever and can be cleaned to almost new condition .
 I have several of these pots of different sizes . I love the way they look when you open the box ... all shiney and gleaming ... and a nice design . They seem to do the job . The only reason I gave it a 4-star instead of a 5-star rating is because the minute I use them , I notice I can never get out the marks left on the inside that show cooking use . I 'm sure ALL pots do this because I 've never owned a cooking pot that did n't do this . I was just a little disappointed as it looked so beautiful out of the box . I bought two of them this go-around - an 8 quart and a 4 quart . The 4 quart immediately showed `` lines along the inside bottom '' of the pot in all kinds of rainbow colors . The only thing I can attribute it to was the fact that I put a little bit of oil in the water because I was cooking pasta . Both pots -LRB- and all pots I 've ever used -RRB- got a mark around the circumference of the water line inside which I ca n't seem to get out . I do n't think it has anything to do with Farberware ... I just think all pots do this , unless somebody here can tell me otherwise . All in all , I 'm quite happy with Farberware pots ... I 've had them all my life and I 'm old as dirt !
 This is an excellent stockpot . Until recently , I was using a Farberware stockpot that I bought in 1970 ! Yes , after 37 years it was working just fine , but the knob on the lid came off and it could n't be repaired . I looked high and low for a replacement lid , but nothing fit , so I bought this new stockpot , and I 'm very happy with it . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that the handles tend to heat up more than I 'd like . Other than that , it 's great .
 I 've had this same pan for years and I 'm buying additional pans in a variety of sizes , not replacements because you ca n't wear them out . These pans cook at even temperatures so everything cooks well . I make a lot of homemade candies at the holidays and the design of the pan prevents scorching easily . All I have to do is run hot water in it for clean-up and it cleans up really easily . I 've tried other cookware , even the expensive stuff and I always come back to these pans because of the even cooking.In this type of cookware there are things that will stick a little if you 're not stirring it enough or if you leave it too long . Non-stick cookware has it 's place for scrambled eggs & such for quick and easy cooking , but there is no comparison to stainless steel cookware . Nice , even cooking and pans that last for years is what you get with these pans.I 've whipped potatoes right in these pans for years and they are still shiny and nice looking . I use Barkeepers Friend to keep them clean shiny and if something does stick , it removes it efficiently .
 Got this for my daughter who just moved out on her own . It 's just like mine that I got from my mom . She 's been cooking up a storm -- homemade soups & stocks -LRB- great way to use those rotisserie chicken bones ! -RRB- when she got a cold . Most difficult is homemade fudge which has to boil sugar almost an hour with no stirring . Even heat all around so it does n't burn or scorch.Great pot for everything !!!
 I got this pot as a wedding gift in 1965 . I use it for everything ! -LRB- Actually I got virtually the entire Farberware line between 1965-70 -RRB- . The 8 quart pot has to be replaced . I finally did it - I burned something in it so bad , I ca n't get it clean - am afraid to use it again.I am concerned about some of the comments on here , however , that the quality is not as good as the older stuff . But I guess I will take a chance .
 I own two of these pots myself and had to buy another for my daughter because they are the best for making soups and sauces . Great price and fast delivery .
 Once you have one that is new and properly manufactured , it is a great pot . The finish should be close to perfectly shiny ; it heats well ; the size/shape make it extremely useful as a large pot . We have other pots in the Classic Farberware series -- the series made without teflon interiors . We like them a great deal.The problem was that Amazon sent us two bad pots . The first had a lid that did not fit properly -- it rocked and seemed warped . The second , replacement , pot we received was very obviously a display model -- from where , I could not guess . There was a sold layer of dust inside the lid . There were small scratches on the pot and lid , as if it had been handled a lot . The paperwork was scrunched . We gave up and returned the pot , and Amazon refunded our money . I contacted Farberware and we were able to obtain a new , properly manufactured pot , which we like.I have rated the pot as four rather than five stars only in case there is indeed some kind of manufacturing issue . But the earlier Farberware pots we bought in the last couple of years were all fine.I am surprised and disappointed that Amazon could not supply a product in proper condition .
 I love this stockpot . Now I can make a big batch of stew or soup without using two pots . It cleans up very well and is easy to handle .
 Does just what it says it does !! I bought this particular pot because of the reviews and I am pleased .
 great stockpot with a thick bottom , except it is not matt as the picture suggests . It is shiny showing clearly the fingerprints after you touch it .
 I bought this last year to use on my regular pub-style glasses . They work fine around the base and on most other glasses . They do seem to lose their coloring after several uses and seem a little dim . You can still make out the colors fine so I think they get the job done . Not really a conversation starter , but they help you locate your glass in larger get togethers . I use these mostly when family comes for a visit and have been happy with the job they do .
 Love these beer bands ! We had some a couple of years ago ... they 're a really fun way to keep track of which bottle or can is `` mine '' . I 've also used them around the stems -LRB- or bowls -RRB- of wineglasses . Our first set we kept in a basket outside on the little `` beer fridge '' . They dried out and cracked and broke in a very short time . I recommend storing them indoors out of the elements .
 We own a complete set of this super cookware . We have been married 48 years and this is the best and ONLY set of pans we use . One of the 10 '' skillets began to stick , and we sent it to the factory to be replated , because they have a life time warranty , and it is as good as new ! There are many features we like about it . The pans always look nice , and are very easy to clean . The handles never become too hot to touch and we cook with an electric range . I doubt if we will ever have to replace this set , and they are used every day . Ca n't say enough good things about this product .
 Farberware produces good cookware , but the Millennium SS Nonstick Pro is one of their best sets and this price is a bargain . Great gift for yourself or others . The only thing I would change for myself would be to increase the stock pot size , but that can be bought separately .
 I received this 3-quart Farberware saucepan for my bridal shower and it still looks like new . And that was in 1973 ! I 've used it continuously over the years with excellent results every time . It 's very dishwasher-safe , which is a big plus . I highly recommend this piece , especially at this price !
 I had bought the 10 pc . set , and wanted the 3 qt.piece I really love it . Clean up is a breeze . I bought my mom the set for her birthday . .
 I had been reluctant to order this Farberware pan because someone had said it was not the heavy duty pan of a few years ago and that the handle was flimsy . I finally bit the bullet and ordered it because I have another one this size and it is my most used pan . I have a new glass top stove and some pans will rock on the burner and not heat well , I needed a completely flat , heavy bottom . This new one is all of that and more . I could not be more pleased . it is super quality . I highly recommend it.Rita
 OK - so it was made in Thailand - but not China ! Maybe I just got lucky on this one production lot?As for the pan , it 's truly a dandy . The bottom is flat enough to work perfectly on my ceramic top stove which is unusual for a pan this inexpensive . Actually , it 's a bit unusual for expensive pans also.I bought a very expensive set of 7 ply pans last year through Amazon and this inexpensive SS pan with the bonded aluminum bottom works every bit as well , if not better . It is heavy enough to be stable on the stove but not so heavy that this old lady has problems picking it up when it is full of soup or whatever . The reason I bought this pan is that the `` 3 qt . saucepan '' which came with the expensive set is shaped more like what I would call a chicken fryer and is most definitely NOT a sauce pan.The expensive pans do not have rolled top edges and are impossible to pour out of even when mostly empty . This Farberware Classic pan does have rolled edges and after using a ladle to empty the soup or tea down to about half a pot I can actually pour the rest out without it running down the sides of the pan and all over the counter!I also like the way the top fits inside of the pan , preventing the condensation on the inside of the lid from running every which way when you pick it up -LRB- if you handle it properly -RRB- . As with all other stainless steel pans I 've ever owned , there will be white spots on the bottom after washing it if you have cooked quantities of onions and/or dried beans -LRB- even previously cooked dried beans -RRB- . This is taken care of easily and quickly by putting 1/2 cup white vinegar plus 11/2 cups water in the pan , covering it , bringing it to a boil and then removing it from the burner and letting it sit for at least 5 minutes . Bingo
 So I guess you could call me popcornhappy . This is the 3rd Faberware 3qt saucepan I 've purchased . It is the best pot for popping corn I 've ever found , and I 've purchased two for gifts . It makes a fun gift with a bag of popcorn , oil and gourmet popcorn salt . Though I 'm sure for anyone who can cook it has many other uses . Enjoy !
 Ordered the Farberware 3 Qt . to replace my 14 yr . old piece , & was vry pleased to see it was an exact replica . Item arrived on time , & was packaged very well!For an even longer lasting pot , I suggest not ` drying '' Farberware in your dishwasher ... the handle material breaks down over time from extreme heat . Live and learn !
 I recommend this 3 quart saucepan ; it is a well constructed saucepan which will provide good service for a long time to come . I bought this saucepan to replace my other one -LRB- same saucepan -RRB- that lasted over 20 years .
 This pot is as easy to clean as a nonstick one , but I like it so much better , because I can use a metal spoon to stir my food without having to worry about scratching the bottom of the pot . I 've been using this for months now and I could n't be happier ! This was a great buy and I highly recommend it !
 This pot is lovely to look at and a pleasure to use . It heats evenly and balances nicely . It is a good size for cooking chores where my 2 qt pot is too small and stock pot too large . I use aluminum foil to create a tighter seal when cooking rice . I recommend it .
 Product was found to be as represented . functionlly good , and useable . Delivery was prompt . I bought it using the iphone 4 s , and it was a satifactory way of purchase .
 Pricey . I saw a holiday sale with the whole set half off @ $ 99 . Good bottom . I 'm going to definitley be on the hunt during the new year sales .
 This saucepan is the perfect size for cooking pasta etc and heats quickly and holds the heat . Cover fits snugly and it cleans easily .
 Looked in the department stores to replace 40 year old pan and they had a `` cheaply made version '' . Happily Amazon offers quality as well as amazing service !
 This is a great 3qt saucepan ! I purchased it to go with a few other odd sized Farberware pieces I was given and it matches perfectly ! The lid fits nice and tight and the flat base sits nicely on my cooktop without moving around like my old non-stick pots did ! I am very happy with this purchase !
 I had the classic non-stick crud pans that are supposed to be so great . But when there are specks in the food , what 's up with that ?? I have been scouring stores and on-line for the best pans . Who would have thought pans could be this great . I took the plunge and ordered a 1 qt . and 2 qt . pots . I have not been disappointed at all.The mirror finish is a delight , and the lid just finishes a beautiful pan . Best of all they clean up beautifully ! I 've been using huge pans for small items and that gets to be a real pain . I have ordered a 4 qt . and am going to order the 8 qt . pot , I also bought the 1 qt . for my grandchildren to cook their packaged soups in . WHAT A DELIGHT !! I read where people say it gets discolored , well there is a solution . Buy a stainless steel cleaner . The first time my pan was used it had discolorations , got out the cleaner , and no more discoloration . I have told my daughter who also has specks that she was getting a set for Christmas , I do not want my babies eating specks !!!!
 I needed a three quart sauce pan and most of them came in sets or are very expensive . I 've had good luck with other Farberware products for years so ordered the pan . It took about six days to arrive . It was well packed . The pan is as pictured . It heats well and cleans up very easily . I 'm more than satisfied with this purchase .
 This is a great addition to the 10 or 15 piece set . I have used Farberware for 40 yrs . and love them . I purchased this for my daughter who agrees with the value of Farberware .
 I love the size of this 3qt saucepan ! I had bought a Farberware set in apx 1993 and it came w / a 1qt , 2qt , 2 fry pans and 4 qt stock pot -LRB- yes , a small 4qt stock pot -RRB- . Unfortunately , my most favorite pot , the 2qt that I use for so many things some yrs ago started splitting the bottom disk from the pot , started off w / maybe 1 '' and now it 's apx 2/3rd the entire circumference of the pot -LRB- I never sent it back and regret not doing so -RRB- . I did n't know how long the guarantee was fo , and if covered or not . Anyway , this new 3qt post is a TERRIFIC size for a small family , but I immediately noticed that it is a LIGHT-WEIGHT compared to my 2qt pot ... both the pot and the lid are thinner/lighter in weight than 18yrs ago . Hope that I get lots of use out of this pot and no splitting of the bottom
 What a product ! The Faberware Classic 3-quart saucepan is all I could ask it to be . It is solid , shiny and great to use . It 's the type of pan you would like to leave sitting on your stove . I have purchased Farberware before but did not realize how good they are and so easy to clean . I 'm very satisfied and will purchase Farberware again .
 This pot serves my needs well and is a good cooking pot .
 A fine product providing even heating for all recipes that I cook with it . The three quart saucepan is especially handy for preparing side dishes for a family of 7 as it holds a quantity that provides for more than enough servings for this family.This is not my first purchase of Farberware . I have been pleased with the products in the past and could not pass up an opportunity for a quality product on sale .
 I have owned this saucepan for more than one year . The quality of the pan is very good . I own other brand name stainless steel cookware , but to my surprise this one holds its own quality.The pan conducts the heat very effectively.Besides , to my surprise , it cleans very easily.Finally , the size of the pan is also good . It can be used for various occasions . I used it boiling pasta and veggies , quick sauteing spinach , and even deep frying meet . It all performs very well.The only design issue I have is the top of the lid and handle . It would be perfect if they use all stainless steel for the lid and the handle.I highly recommend this pan . Very good quality for the price you pay .
 I replaced my original Farberware 3 qt saucepan because the handle finally gave out after 20 years . The new one seems to be even heavier than the original . Love it .
 I received a Farberware set when I got married 35 years ago . I 've used the pots and pans well . I am now replacing some of the pots that are showing their age.This sauce pan is one of them and I love it . It matches my original set very well and i 'm sure I 'll get as good service from it .
 Very satisfied with the saucepan . Good quality materials . Farberware is a name you can trust .
 I have had my set for 15 years and the handle broke off completely . I looked for quite a while locally to replace this 3 quart pot and finally found it on your site . It matches my set and was reasonably priced .
 I used this pot for 25 years and when my family split up I was so glad to see it available on Amazon so I could get another one for me . Bed Bath and Beyond and other stores do not carry this pot with the metal lid . It is the perfect size for everything , lasts a long time and is a recommended piece of cookware . Amazon had this size which is great .
 Excellent product , and fast delivery . I owned the 3 Qt saucepan I 'd bought in the early 80 's and recently forgot to add water to the vegetables I was cooking . I really ruined the pan and wanted a replacement as I loved the original so much . This is very close to the original and I am pleased . Thank you .
 This is a beautiful saucepan , shiny and heavy duty . The handle is at a good angle and the knob on the lid is nice and high so you do n't get burned . Would order again in other sizes if the need arises .
 This is probably the most used pan in my kitchen . It holds up to constant use beautifully . It cleans well in the dishwasher , too . Every cook should definitely own one .
 I had been looking for a 3-Quart saucepan forever when I thought I 'd check Amazon to see what was available on the website . This is when I stumbled across this Faberware 3-Quart saucepan . I was looking for a pan that was deep , which this one is , to minimize spills while cooking . This pan is BETTER that I had hoped for ; it cleans easy , heats evenly and is a beautiful addition to my kitchen !
 i like a good study stainless pot with a stainless lid . Many of the ones I looked at had glass tops . So I was pleased to get this Farberware . When you pick it up you will feel quality of design . Just `` feels '' right to me . Heat evenly and quickly , cleans up quickly too.In fact we are going to buy a couple more of these for our second home .
 This is a well made pan that I have already enjoyed using several times .
 This saucepan is a nice size , not too large and cumbersome and not too small . This allows many items to heat nice and evenly and not boil over if a watchful eye is not kept closely on them and the pan is too small or scald because the pan is too big . The lid fits on with a nice tight seal , it fits even better than my older Farberware pans of this sort . You can not go wrong with this pan , for sure ! The hook on the handle is great if you have a pot rack . This is an added nice feature ! The handle is comfortable and stays cool , like on all the other Farberware pans I have .
 Much tallerthan average , helping to avoid boil overs this stainless clad alumimum bottom saucepan is a little marvel . to start with : the bottom plate is the flattest of any make and simply does not move onceset on a burner . The lid fits inside the pan , avoiding drips and has a smooth top without the grooves that are ubiquitous in the Calphalon pricier offerings -LRB- water catchers requiring extra hand wiping to avoid water spottingI know of only onecompetitive product
 I just received this pan from my daughter for my birthday . I have 2 farberware pans , a 1 qt saucepan and an 8 '' skillet that I have had since 1952 . That is 50 years . I received them as wedding presents and they have been used daily ever since . I also have a 20 year old 2 qt and a 10 year old 10 '' skillet . I think that Farberware makes the best pans and I love Them . The quality of this new pan is even better than the older ones . I was pleasantly surprised
 I have a set of 16-year-old Farberware . I ordered this 3 qt . pan as a replacement -- the handle on my old 3 qt . cracked from where the screw hole is . After I received this beautiful pan , I noticed the limited lifetime guarantee , called the number , and a new handle for my old pan is in the mail to me as we speak . This 3 qt . pan is even nicer than the pans I bought almost 20 years ago and is higher than the old model with a nicer lid/rolled edges and nicer bottom -- and it really is beautiful -- very classic styling . Since I use them so often and new one 's so lovely , I will definitely keep the new one even though a replacement handle is on its way.I also have a 1 qt. , 2 qt. , 4 qt . pot , 4 qt . dutch oven , 10 '' skillet and little mini-skillet , all of which I use all the time -LRB- I use at least one or more daily -RRB- with no problems . Very nice , basic cookware at a reasonable , affordable price . I bought my cookware individually back when I could n't afford to buy an entire set . I loved the fact that you could buy a quality pan individually.BTW , I acquired one of my 4 qt . pots from my grandmother 's possessions after who knows how many decades of cooking and it 's still in excellent condition . Also have her double boiler pot . Even though the screws do loosen , I only have to tighten every few months at most and have never had a screw strip or lost a handle . I would always buy another Farberware if needed -LRB- after seeing this new saucepan , would really like to buy a whole set of it , even though I do n't really need it ! -RRB-
 My mom has had these pots for 35 years , I 've had mine for 5 . They still look like new . They are virtually indestructible , go right in the dishwasher , and cook quickly and evenly . Besides , they look great and the handles do n't get hot like the Calphalon 's of the world .
 I love farberware . My first set which I still own is 18 years old and is still in great shape . I 've tried cookware that is alot more expensive but is not as durable . I recommend this over anything that is teflon coated . Teflon is easy to clean , but you have to be careful with it . Once teflon scratches it releases cancer-causing chemicals into your food . This pot will last because it can take a beating , and still cook well .
 I received farberware pots for shower gifts 42 years ago ... I use them everyday and they still look great ... I have n't lost a handle yet . Picked up this 3 qt because I did not have that size ... love it !
 It might sound silly to say a sauce pan is beautiful but this one is . And it is the perfect size . I love it . And cooks evenly
 I have used Farberware sauce pans for over 30 years . They have been dependable , easy to use , and easy to clean . Recently I accidently boiled the 3-qt saucepan dry . Very dry . The aluminum clad bottom separated from the pan . I have the double boiler and steamer inserts for this size pan . I just needed the replacement 3-qt pan . I ordered the Classic . It certainly looked like the same pan and held the same amount , 3 quarts . However , although it is labeled `` Classic , '' and the style is similar , it is smaller in diameter and the inserts wo n't work with it . I wrote to Farberware . Their reply acknowledged the different sizes and would I like to buy more new cookeware ? The new but not-quite `` Classic '' pan works fine . If you are n't trying to replace a classic saucepan , try Farberware . You will probably like it as I have .
 I purchased the Farberware Classic set over 30 years ago and the pieces look almost as good as new . I wanted another 3-quart since I use this size most often . This style nearly matches my beloved old set .
 Beautiful stainless with clad bottoms , always cook evenly , they last 20-30 years easy . My original set was purchased 27 yrs ago , I still cook with those pots , lol . The only problem I ever had was sometimes the handles come loose after 10 or 15 yrs . Would recommend Farberware to anyone who cooks , on electric or gas . Not many things so well made anymore , this is one of them .
 My mother asked for this three quart saucepan for Christmas . I 've used this brand for years , so I of course bought her this brand , I have the complete set and never had a problem with it and the pieces do n't show sign of wear . In fact , they still shine like new !
 It does n't heat super fast . But it is much better than most of pan I had before . Nice quality . Quick delievery .
 I am a ranch wife and cook 3 meals a day , every day . It is certainly more the norm for me to have at least 5 hands to prepare the noon meal for and then just our family of 6 in the mornings and evening meal . Rare is the day we have a cold meal or are not home taking our meals there . With that said , I have used my Farberware pots and pans mercifully ! They have held up for me and for my 4 children learning how to cook . I received my Farberware for wedding gifts 35 years ago . I have used them almost every day , at least once a day . They have held up until finally I had to replace my 3 qt because the handle would come loose . I also purchase a 2 quart at the same time because I needed another one that size.I am quite aware there are many other fanci schmancy types of cookware but bottom line , these do the job , do it well and longer than some of those others . Why do I know that ? My daughter just had to have some of those other higher priced cookware for her first anniversary so my sweet son in law made that `` investment '' . That was 9 years ago and they have already sent 3 pieces back for replacement .
 I bought a Farberware set about 30 years ago and it has been in daily use since . The 3-quart size has seen lots of cooking since then . The handle came loose on my old one and ca n't be fixed . I have to have a replacement -- we ca n't do without it.One particularly good feature is its relatively light weight . `` Gourmet '' cookware is much heavier and even worse when full of food . Farberware is easier for my arthritic mother to use .
 Have owned one of these for years . Liked it so much , I bought another ! Good , heavy-duty stainless steel of a very versatile size . The only thing I 'm not crazy about is the upward curve of the handle that makes draining liquids from the pan more difficult than necessay , but not impossible . If it had been engineered by someone familiar with the draining process , the handle would not curve up . Must be an esthetic touch that is lost on me . But that factor is not a deal breaker , by any means .
 I bought this pan to replace one that I had from a set purchased in 1986 . I was pleasantly surprised that this one is better quality than my original .
 This saucepan was purchased to replace a fairly new Cuisinart saucepan because food was always splattering and spilling out from under the lid during cooking . I only purchased one pan as a test to make sure the lid has a tight seal like they claim -- and it does . No more splattering soup and oatmeal to scrape off the ceramic cooktop ! Also , the handle and knob are very comfortable to hold and they do n't get hot . I 'll be replacing all of my Cuisinart pots and saucepans with Farberware now .
 THE SAUCEPAN THAT I ORDERED AND RECEIVED IS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED AND FILLS THE NEEDS THAT I INTENDED PERFECTLY .
 They are now making the bottom out of stainless steel now . I think I like it better than the old aluminum ones . nice pot !
 My set of Farberware cookware is from about 1970 . My cooking needs increased . So expanding the set was a logical choice . That from the 70s has a few scratches and the Bakelite handles are not as shiney -LRB- probably from washing in the dishwasher with strongly alkaline detergent -RRB- , but they are still good looking , and very functional . The stainless steel is easy to clean , and the bottom aluminum cladding gives even heating . Great product.It was great to learn they are still being made . And the new ones still match the originals . The bottom imprint is a bit different , but basically conveys the same information.The only change I noted is that the new ones are nestable . That means they take up less space in storage , but it also means each pot has its own sized lid . So now finding the right lid for each pot gets to be a bit more challenging.Still the long service life of Farberware makes it an excellent investment . A set will last your entire cooking career .
 Shipping did n't take long at all , it works well for rice , sauces , etc. and cleanup is easy .
 I have had a set of Farberware classic for 41 years , and it still performs as what is intended . It 's getting harder and harder to find the ` classic ' so if you prefer stainless steel with no teflon liner , this is your item . Easy to clean , rugged and appealing to the eye . I have finally had to replace my 3 quart pot as I made popcorn in it and it 's finally been sanded through to the aluminum core . Sometimes popcorn burns , and the only way to get the burned mark out is with a fine wet type sandpaper . :--RRB- The Farberware is an outstanding product and I would recommend it highly . Also , does `` Made In USA '' mean anything ??? The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 , is it 's made in Thailand as opposed to the USA now and the gauge of the stainless is thinner . -LRB- The lid will bend if twisted as the older USA made wo n't -RRB- Still , a great buy at a great price .
 I wanted a 3-qt . saucepan with a lid , and this one has worked well so far . Perfectly flat bottom , well-fitting lid . Seems sturdy . Easy to clean .
 Was looking for a larger saucepan and having difficulty finding one to match my existing Farberware stainless pots . This was exactly what I needed at a good price . Love that the aluminum bottom is clad in stainless .
 Another gift for my mother . Perfect size for making soups for four people or less . As with all the other faberware pots it looks good and cleans up nicely .
 It arrived on time and my wife loves it . 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
 Compared to other products on the market that sell for an outrageously amount of money you ca n't beat Farberware . I have been cooking for over sixty years and I have always bought Farberware and would not waste my money on any other brand. ,
 Great product . I have had my Farberware pots for almost 40 years and hope to have them for many more to come .
 I like this frypan . It has an aluminum core with stainless steel on the outside . It has a two inch lip around the perimeter so I can fill it up . I live alone but I do cook for guests . I recently cooked wild salmon in the oven at 350 degrees for 12 minutes after the fish was seared on both sides in olive oil . It did n't stick and was delicious . It does not have a non-stick surface which I perfer , I just put a little olive oil in the pan and rubbed it around with a paper towel . If something does stick I use Dawn POT SCRUBBER and it 's clean in a jiffy.But be careful , the handle gets hot and so does the knob on the lid . The price fit my budget too and delivery was fast . Bill
 I have not had a skillet without nonstick coating for a long time and was a little worried about ordering one . I have been very pleased with this skillet . I have not had a problem with sticking and I like the weigh of the pan I will try another of their products
 I bought two Farberware frypans and love them both . The heat distribution is even ; I pan fry a lot of steaks and with this pan the heat is perfect at just a tad above medium on an electric stove . Let the pan heat for 5 minutes or until a splash of water `` spits back '' at you . The beef cooks absolutely perfectly . I cooked a pot roast in the larger pan and what a pleasure to brown on the stovetop , season , cover and stick the very same pan in the oven ! Worked like a dream . Where on earth have I been ?
 I own almost every fry pan made such as Scanpan , Circulon , Innova , Joyce Chen , Calphalon , WearEver . The Farberware is by far my favorite . The pan heats quickly and evenly . The wash up is great and it goes in the dishwasher without voiding the warranty ! My other pans have to be treated with kid gloves and I have to threaten everyone , `` do n't put them in the diswasher ! '' So of course , the Farberware is also the favorite of other family members especially when they have clean up duty . You can spend more money on a pan with a fancy European name but WHY when you can spend a reasonable price and get a great pan from Farberware . I use the 10 '' fry pan daily . It 's a good size for our family of four . it 's great for eggs , one-pan meals , frying fish and other meats . I love that it has a lid so I can poach , simmer and steam . My other fry pans do n't have lids . The classic line is not only functional , it 's very pretty and can go from stove to table .
 Just received this today , and am mildly disappointed to find that it measures 91/2 inches across , not 10 inches as the box says . I had been hoping to use the heavy glass lid from my old 10 inch pan , but obviously ca n't . Also , the metal lid that comes with this pan does not seem to be really tight fitting - the lid is n't heavy enough to really press down and there 's a bit of play - not close to a press fit & will probably let steam escape readily . Not enough reason to send this back at this price , but annoying misrepresentation . On the plus side , really nice finishing & well made .
 This is a good feeling pan in the hand , not too heavy to hold , and is excellent quality . It is very important to heat the pan first , then add your shortening , butter or whatever and then the food . Washes clean so easy . If food has stuck to the bottom , just soak in dishsoap and water . Then you can use a paper towel to wipe away the parts that had stuck to the bottom ... it 's that easy . I am so happy to get away from the non-stick pans as they do n't last very long & soon have the bottom peeling or flaking & I do n't want that in our food . Thank you for a good pan .
 When the handle wore out on my trusty old Farberware skillet , I ordered a new one here and was disappointed to find the pan is a little smaller and heavier than my old 10-inch pan and has straighter , taller sides . The lid is lighter , however , so it evens out . I thought the old style pan with slightly-slanted sides was easier for stirring , but I will probably get used to the new shape.Just be aware that this current design is not quite the same as the old Farberware you may have used and loved for years . However , it is definitely a durable and nice-looking pan for the price .
 Not as heavy as the one it replaced and the diameter is 1/2 is shorter . It is deeper though .
 I have two Classic Farberware sauce pans that are several years old and I love them . I prefer not to buy a whole set of cookware because I do n't use some of the pieces that come with sets . I 've tried other brands of cookware but they do n't hold up like Farberware does . I searched everywhere for a 10 '' Farberware covered skillet and could n't find a better bargain than what I found thru Amazon . It 's just what I wanted and very good quality . I am very happy .
 This is a nice size frypan , that is not heavy and cumbersome . It cleans up in a snap ! The cover fits on with an even better seal than the older Farberware pans I own ! The handle is comfortable and stays cool , as is true of all the Farberware pans I own . The hook on the handle makes it most convenient to hang the pan on a pot rack ! Thre pan distributes the heat quite nicely , the food comes out done evenly ! I would not trade this pan for the pricier brands around , which are more cumbersome and heavy , this one is more fun to cook in for me .
 I was extreemly happy with this skillet . It was well made , good balance and the lidwas tight fitting . An excellent buy !
 This pan was part of a set I received when I married 20 years ago . Three kids , multiple moves and thousands of washings later it is still my favorite . Cooks evenly , washes easily without losing the shine . Finally the handle gave out . The pan is in great condition so I 'll probably scout around for a replacement handle !
 I purchased calphalon just five years ago and have had enough . It is heavy and must be treated like china . This pan is much better . It cooks fast and is light weight . Best of all , it goes right into the dishwasher . Clean up is SO EASY !! Best purchased of pans I have ever made !!
 I ca n't get enough of these farberware skillets . I love the way they ensure that all food is evenly cooked , and the taste is so much better than food cooked with a non-stick skillet . I highly recommend this product !
 I love my new fry pan . It replaced one I bought when I first got married 38 years ago . The old one was warped on the bottom and rocked on the stove . The new one is so nice and flat and well balanced to use on the glass top stove , it does n't rock or tip . It is heavy at the bottom and cooks really well and it is a breeze to clean it . I could n't have asked for more but you get it when you buy Farberware .
 its not the fault of the people i purchased it thru , was in original farberware box , and reboxed by them , however the pan has a physical blemish , a DENT , low , on the side , can be seen from the inside.Its sad , im 57 , have gone thru several sets of stainless , this may be my last set , and prolly my last fry pan , and this one starts out dented by sumone before i got it ... and thank you for reminding me about this , tomorrow i will be writing farberware , because SUMBODY knew it was dented at the factory , and it should have NEVER been in stock . . the pan is lovely tho ... and the price was excellent ... im just sad cause it was dented ...
 I have owned this skillet for 25 years and it 's still going strong , even with constant use . Still looks great , too . It 's a good size , easy to clean and useful for many purposes . The aluminum core spreads the heat well . This is a great value for the price .
 I 've had this particular frying pan for about 9 years or so . It 's been great , I like it a lot , but all of a sudden the screw that keeps the handle on keeps falling out and it 's very difficult to fix , and I 'm probably going to have to get a new one . Otherwise , it 's been great . I like the fact that I can scour it with an SOS pad if I have to , and not worry if I 'm damaging it , -LRB- like All-Clad -RRB- , and the lid fits tightly . I 've made many a dish in this frying pan , I 'm just sorry the handle went on me .
 Arrived on time damaged but was returned without a problem at no cost and then bought the same item which arrived without damage . Excellent customer service . The fry pan works as expected .
 Love the fry pan . Tired of the non-stick skillets that wear off and get in food . Highly recomend this fry-pan .
 I have a larger fry pan but , this 10 inch is a perfect size for smaller dishes . I have been so pleased with this pan . It is one beautiful stainless fry pan .
 I have had this pan -LRB- 11 inches -RRB- for over 30 years and had to order a new one as I accidently burned the bottom of the pan from a grease fire . . It was as great size but I guess it is not available any longer in 11 inches.The 12 &#34; was too big and the 10 &#34; a tad too small but it is great to have this wonderful pan back in my kitchen . My Farberware pans have lasted a long time and even with my All-Clad pans I still prefer this one . No matter how burned the pan gets it washes up well -LRB- unless it catches fire -RRB- .
 I was delighted to find the exact frying pan I was looking for , but could n't find in the stores . All the Farberware products in stores are covered with teflon or are treated in some other way . Thank heavens they 're still making the product I remember , and thank you Amazon , for carrying it !
 Good frying pan . The cover is made thinner than the old Farberware , but the pan cooked and cleaned well . Overall I was satisfied with the product , and got good value for the price . It arrived quickly and safely .
 This pan is exactly what I was looking for . It 's great ! Nice depth so I do n't have to worry about things spilling over on to the stove , like Rice A Roni . The size easily holds 5 good size chicken breasts with whatever I 'm cooking them in . The clean up is super easy , almost like a non-stick pan . The heat is evenly distributed so no worries that some of what you are cooking may not be cooked through . I especially like the fact the it can go in the dishwasher . I 'm tired of having to hand wash pans . It is hard to find a fry pan with a lid but that is exactly what I got . Used it the first day I got it and many more times since . Great price also . I would have given it more stars if they were available .
 I bought this Farberware 10 inch frypan for my son 's first college apartment because of the price and Farberware name . After using it at his apartment , I bought another one for myself along with a 12 '' fry pan!The pan is heavy based -LRB- aluminum core with 18/10 stainless steel -RRB- and dispurses heat quickly and evenly . This allows for all types of pan cooking , including frying chicken or pork chops to saute veggies or stir fry to slow cooking a chilli without hot spots in the pan . Clean up is easy and is advertised as dishwasher safe , but my son does n't have a dishwasher in his apartment , but will take Farberware 's word for it , along with the handle being oven safe to 350 degrees.The tight fitting lid allows for quick steaming or cooking the top of sunny side up eggs without breaking the yoke or flipping the egg , you get a once over easy egg without having to actually flip the egg.A great fry pan for almost any application .
 I have always wanted to own a classic aluminum piece of cookware and a skillet was a perfect choice . I had two gift certificates from doing online surveys so my total cost out of pocket after shipping was added was .58 . So , I thought even if I did n't like the pan a great deal once I got it I only paid .58 cents and it would be no big loss . Was I pleasantly surprised at the curvy lines and clean appearance and tight fitting lid . It cooks wonderfully and the rolled , high sides make cooking even easier and cleanup is easy too . I can see myself reaching for this skillet time and time again . -LRB- The only flaw is it could use a handle on the opposite side to make draining liquids easier . -RRB- : - -RRB-
 Nice pan , but the product description of 4.4 '' height is deceiving . We thought the pan would be that deep , but apparently the height measurement includes the lid .
 After destroying several nonstick wedding gifts with my metal utensils I am loving this pan . I love the straight sides after having all with angled ones . It cooks evenly and has been very easy to clean . For me , this is much more useful and easier to handle than a nonstick pan .
 Farberware Classic could not be more aptly named . These pans seem to be indestructible -LRB- I 've had mine for 5 years , my mom for 35 -RRB- , and they distribute heat evenly.However , there are two issues with all Farberware -- they are NOT nonstick . This is actually better for browning , but on occasion , you may find yourself scouring with some steel wool pads . Second , these pans are not quite as sensitive to temperature changes as , say , Calphalon , because of the nature of Stainless Steel . Although these are aluminum-clad , they are still mostly stainless steel , which is a poor heat conductor relative to aluminum or copper . What that means is that it takes a bit longer for them to heat up and to cool down , so you have less control.But there are many other advantages relative to say , Calphalon -- the handles stay cool , you can put these in the dishwasher and these have a beatiful shiny finish.The price ca n't be beat either .
 I have had a set of Farberware Classic pans since the late 1970 's . Just recently , getting tired of non-stick steel pans with peeling black interiors , I decided to buy some good Farberware stainless sauce pans . When I saw that I could get a 10 inch pan with deeper interior I jumped on it . I can make dishes like Rice-A-Roni or spaghetti sauce without it slopping over the sides like the regular 10 '' pans . Now all of the Farberware Classic pans have a stainless cap over a thicker aluminum base for easier cleanup and a nicer look . I was not aware of this change until recently and am very happy that Farberware has made this improvement . I have purchased several sizes of the new pans and they have been a great addition to my collection . Thank you Farberware !!!
 This pan is perfect . It 's large , holds a lot of food and cooks evenly after the pan is warmed up . It 's easy to clean , comes with it 's own lid , which is always desirable , and it 's attractive . To add to this review
 We had a larger version , but the 10 inch does the trick ... . Wise investment .
 What a pleasant surprise this Farberware Stainless Steel frying pan has been ! I 've used nonstick interiors for so long now that it was with some trepidation that I tried this item . Other reviews raved about it , it was the size and depth I needed , AND I plan on trying new things until the day I am planted.This pan cooks evenly , handles well with excellent balance , and cleans up easily as well as my nonsticks . The quality of the stainless is so excellent that it cleans up like a dream if I rinse it immediately.You can buy with confidence , and give one of the good old companies and cooking materials a new try !
 Faberware was my first cookset 35 years ago . I discarded as new , non-stick , came along , rebought when that did n't last , discarded when anodized came along , then bought All-Clad ... now I just bought the 10 '' frypan again ! It cleans easily , and it is perfect !
 Love Farberware so when my 40 yrs old fry pan 's handle came off and could not be fixed I knew I had to get another to replace it . This fry pan is wonderful , food does not stick in it .
 I have been using Farberware Classic cookware since 1972 -- the year my husband and I were married . The new 10 inch covered skillet I just purchased is a welcome addition to all the other Farberware cookware I have .
 I purchased this pan for my mother-in-law -LRB- I have a complete set I 've used for 24 years -RRB- . She loves it ! The pan heats evenly and cleans up nicely . It 's a workhorse of a fry pan , versatile and durable .
 I 've used Farberware for 40 years and have always loved their products . Most of my pots still look great after so much use . They cook food beautifully . The only problem has been with some of the handles loosening up after years of use . They can usually be tightened with a screwdriver , but after a long while , it 's a bit more difficult .
 It is wonderful to have tracked down this `` old style '' Farberware . I bought this as a gift for someone who needed to replace hers from the 70 's . Seems that they hold up pretty well . Nothing fancy , just a basic , sturdy and favorite line of cookware .
 I have had this brand of cookware for about 30 years . Only had one problem with a handle breaking on a sauce pan . Considering it was used almost daily for 30 years is not too bad . All my other Farberware pans have held up very well to the amount of use . I 've since ordered more of the classic line of Farberware . Excellent cookware !
 the perfect pan for everything . from eggs to pork chops , chicken or a quick hamburger . you ca n't go wrong with farberware . the depth of the pan makes it perfect for easy turning and the cover is handy to keep down spatter orto fry an egg with a litle heat , take it off the burner and let it steam . could n't be happier .
 My husband only wants Faberware - and I do n't blame him ! So for every occasion , I add to his collection . They are , I think , the best in the world !
 This is an above average piece put out by Farberware . I have never owned a Farberware piece so I cant necessarily compare to other pieces of the same brand . The upside of this piece is it has a nice finish to it . The Tri-Ply base if relatively thick , and I highly doubt it will bend or warp without abuse . The handles are all wide enough to grasp -LRB- None of those teenie two finger and thumb handles or knobs -RRB- . I couldnt quite imagine a 5qt . size , so I was quite surprised at how large it actually was . This is supposed to be a dutch oven , but I will probabally use it as a stockpot -LRB- when not using it as a steamer -RRB- . The downside is that the sides are fairly thin . They wont keep much heat and may dent some if banged around . The handles also leave me an uneasy feeling as though they may break away from the sides of the pot . This is just my feeling as I am used to smaller heaftier handles such as on Calphalon or All-Clad lines.All in all , I would buy this piece again . If you need a steamer , this is probabally your best buy . The sale price is worth it . This piece makes a great specialty piece , but would recommend the Calphalon or All-Clad line for frying pans or pots . Amazon sells Calphalon at sale prices quite often and I highly recommend purchasing them as they become available at discount . This piece would receive five stars if only the sides were just a tad thicker . Hope this helped!Thanks , - Anrx4you
 Directions are easy to follow and the pickles are as good as any you can purchase at the grocers . There is a great feeling when you look at all those jars sitting in the cupboard ready for good eating with enough to share with friends and family .
 I have two of these pots that I received as part of set of wedding presents and they are still going strong after all these years . I 've reached for them zillions of times . A kitchen essential . They still look shiny and pretty . Also , you do n't have to worry about whether you 'll ruin them . I have burned so many things in the bottom of these , -LRB- my fault , not the pot 's ! -RRB- so that the bottoms were black , and I 've always managed to get them clean -LRB- with Cameo cleanser for aluminum -RRB- and they are beautiful and shiny again ! Price is a bargain too .
 This Farberware pan is a study in functionality . It is well made and quite rugged ; it has a relatively thick bottom and heats very evenly , and has high quality , durable phenolic handles , which are securely attached and will last a long time . It also has an attachment on the handle to enable hanging from a hook.My only critique of the pan is that it is a bit too tall relative to other two quart saucepans , and not as big in diameter as I would like , as it wo n't cover even the smallest burner on an electric range . That is the main reason that I gave it four stars instead of five , but I also deducted a bit for appearance
 This has got to be the deal of the century , and not only that , these pans will last you almost that long ! My mother has had a set for 35 years , and I 've had mine for 5 . Nearly indestructible , dishwasher safe , good performers on the stovetop , with stay-cool handles ! They even look great after all those years!Keep in mind that because they are mostly stainless steel , with an aluminum bottom , Farberware does not heat up quite as fast as , say , hard-anodized aluminum such as Calphalon , which gourmets prefer . Stainless steel is a poor heat conductor , while aluminum is good and copper is the best . On the plus side , you ca n't put Calphalon in the dishwasher and Calphalon does not have true stay-cool handles , like Farberware.Anyway , how often do you buy a gift knowing that it will still be around 20 , 30 , 40 years from now ? By the way , if the pot does have a problem , they come with a Lifetime Warranty .
 I bought this in my Gold Box values because I own other Farberware products . This particular pan is not only up to the quality of what I own , but I think better .
 Farberware 18/10 stainless steel cookware is a good line . I had this cookware at one time , and I can recommend it , especially for use on gas burners . Unlike Calphalon cookware , it can go in the dishwasher . However , to keep the finish gleaming , you might need to scrub the pots and pans frequently with cleanser and scouring pads . The 2-Quart Saucepan is a kitchen essential .
 I really like this line of cooking ware . The handle does seem to have a sharp edge , other than that , they are great quality .
 I 've used a number of the Farberware pots / pans over the years and I really like them . This one is no exception . The construction is solid and the lid is a nice tight fit . The plastic handles on the lid and the pan itself stay fairly cool under most stovetop conditions . The stainless steel finish is easy to clean and looks great . Unlike a lot of other brands I 've used , these have retained their quality build over the years .
 I like this pan . I am still cooking after all of these years.For new people
 This is the PERFECT small saucepan . It 's the right size for sauce or anything that comes in a can -LRB- take it from a bachelor -RRB- . The finish looks great , and it comes right out of the dishwasher -LRB- big plus -RRB- looking just like it did when you got it out of the box . Handle stays cool even with the burner turned up . Lid fits very well , so no spills and faster cooking . Also , the lid does n't have that annoying lip that traps condensation so that you ca n't put it down on the counter . It 's REALLY durable . This thing will last forever . Price is really reasonable too . Trust me , you want one .
 Beware of so-called Amazon rebates . They are phony and will never materialize . I am still waiting after three months for my $ 50 rebate in Kitchen & Houseware . Amazon now refuses to reply.Sleazy .
 I had a 21/2 quart saucepan from Farberware . But , the knob came off the lid . Could not find a replacement lid so we purchased the 2 quart saucepan . We have many Farberware pots and we love this product . We have used Farberware pots and pans for at least 30 years and never have been disappointed .
 It was delivered quickly , packed well . I really love the look of this pan , elegant lines . I ca n't wait to get the others that I ordered . I am very familiar with Farberware and look forward to years of use .
 I bought this for a Christmas gift and the person was thrilled to get the faberware sauce pan . They have enjoied there Faberware collection and wanted another sauce pan
 This is lightweight yet durable sauce pan . It heats up pretty quickly . IT might not be great for saute-ing or frying but is apt for making sauces , soups , and for boiling water for tea or coffee . It is very easy to clean . All the grease comes right off without a lot of scrubbing . I have been putting it in the dishwasher every day and it has held up really well . I got good use out of it , so great value for the money .
 Sometimes its hard to see a product online and really be sure itswhat you want . This time i was very pleased with the pan . . its justwhat i wanted and it cleans up nicely .
 I love it . I use it almost every day . I put it in the dishwasher and it 's clean . Things do n't burn , at least I have n't yet ! LOL
 Good pots , easily maintained . Excellent value for price . Returned as I purchased a small set for a gift rather than the single pots .
 We use this saucepan all the time . Do n't know how we got along without . We will be married 47 years in a month .
 We had a Farberware set and the 2qt saucepan was burned up by a faulty electric stove . These are excellent products that will last forever in normal use , and I was plesed with the Amazon price and service .
 My set of Farberware cookware is from about 1970 . My cooking needs increased . So expanding the set was a logical choice . That from the 70s has a few scratches and the Bakelite handles are not as shiney -LRB- probably from washing in the dishwasher with strongly alkaline detergent -RRB- , but they are still good looking , and very functional . The stainless steel is easy to clean , and the bottom aluminum cladding gives even heating . Great product.It was great to learn they are still being made . And the new ones still match the originals . The bottom imprint is a bit different , but basically conveys the same information.The only change I noted is that the new ones are nestable . That means they take up less space in storage , but it also means each pot has its own sized lid . So now finding the right lid for each pot gets to be a bit more challenging.Still the long service life of Farberware makes it an excellent investment . A set will last your entire cooking career .
 I purchased this saucepan so that I can start making homemade marshmallows , hot fudge sauce , and caramel sauce . This pan heats up evenly , but for reassurance , work on a series of trial and error to familiarize with use , how fast it really takes to caramelize sugar in this pan and how fast it is to reach the hard crack sugar mixture stage . All in all , it is a great buy !
 Farberware makes the best pots ... forget the expensive fancy brands . I have a set for over 20 years , and its still kicking . Had to replace this size however . I left it on the stove for over an hour with nothing in it and the bottom melted off . I would never buy any other brand !! ,
 When my 50 year old two-quart aluminum pot finally gave up the ghost , my present cookware just would n't make decent rice like that old pot would ; it would burn , stick to the pan , just awful - I think it 's because the lids were n't tight enough . I looked around on Amazon and picked out a pot that looked like it had a decent lid . The saucepan arrived in all its shining glory , and the next time I went to make rice , I gave it a try . It made lovely rice , and then again a second time . So , I 'm very happy that I now have a decent pot to make my rice in . She 'll be pressed into service again this week .
 It 's a nice size , the cover fits well , it heats evenly but ... the handle feels flimsy , and it does not clean up well in the dishwasher , although it washes fine by hand . Usually , I do my pots and pans by hand but sometimes , I just want to throw everything in the dishwasher , and I 'm not able to do that with this pan . So , I would recommend it , but not for the dishwasher .
 I needed a 2 quart saucepan with lid and wanted farberware . I received the pan timely and am very happy with it .
 This pan is the perfect size for warming up leftovers , especially if I 'm using the microwave to reheat something else . Also , the handle fits well into my arthritic hands and it sits flat on my smooth-top range .
 Today 's Farberware products are improved and heavier than ones I received when I first married nearly 50 years ago . I 've been happy all these years with a full set my parents gave me then . When my husband burned beyond help my 2 quart favorite , I treated myself to a replacement . Was disappointed at first that there was so much difference as I just wanted a new one like my old one . But the pan itself is great and will be a favorite I 'm sure of my great grandchilden one day . Yes , I already have three .
 Farberware continues to manufacture quality products . This was a replacement for a saucepan of 35 years . It is even better . The heavy weight and cooking efficiency are great .
 I simply love these Faberware products.I bought the set 25yrs ago , along with another set.The other set is no more while the Faberware is still good , except that I burnt 2 of the setsand just wanted to replace those 2 . I bought the other one at Service Merchandise .
 Was exactly what I was looking for . Would purchase again . Love that the aluminum bottom is clad in stainless steel
 This one is addition to the classic set I bought almost 29 years ago , It Feels solid . Pot heats quickly .
 Got this one to replace the one I ruined from a set we have had for 40 years . It is just a bit taller and a tiny bit smaller diameter , but works just as any stainless steel pot should .
 My DIL loved receiving this as part of her Christmas gifts . I have had Farberware for 46 years and it looks as good today as it did all those years ago .
 Not as thick as the old one -LRB- 20 years -RRB- and that had me a little concerned . However , the new one heats evenly and is easy to clean . A very god purchase .
 they are some of the few I can cook candy in and they clean up so easily ! Quality construction and they have lasted my mothers life time and now mine as well .
 After over 14 years our original waste bin in the kitchen started to crack at the rim . We could n't find the right size replacement to fit the cabinet pull-out . We were thrilled to find this one on amazon , and it was a great price too . The bin is even sturdier than the original and arrived quickly .
 This is a great bin . I am happy with it but ... why are there no lids available ? The Rev-A-Shelf website offers lids for the 35 qt and the 50 qt but not for the 30 . I hate that it 's open . It attracts vermin . I would n't recommend a bin with no lid .
 I needed these to replace a trio of 19 year old identical bins for trash and recycling . The only issue I had was trying to seperate the three bins that were stacked into each other . Otherwise , I hope to get another 20 years of service from them . Actually , I would not have replaced the ones I had except that my recycling company -LRB- or somebody -RRB- pinched one of them so I wanted a matching set .
 Had to replace my undercounter trash can after 10 years . Thought this would be simple . Went to every brick and mortar store -LRB- WalMart , KMart , Home Depot , Lowe 's etc -RRB- none for sale . Finally checked Amazon and found it !!! Fits perfect ! who would have thought a trash can would make me happy !
 Fit perfectly in our bin holders . Heavier duty than the originals that came with our under the counter trash containers .
 I have an under the counter , pull out , trash can that was built in with the house . It is a wonderful item but when it came time to find a replacement trash can , I hated it . I looked at all the local stores including hardware stores to no avail . I even contacted the builder in hopes that they could tell me where to find this trash can . I finally googled it & found it on Amazon . I bought 2 so I could have one on hand just in case & am very happy with it . It fits perfectly & because of the size , the bag never gets too big/heavy for me to carry to the outside trash can .
 I felt very lucky to find that some twenty years later a perfect replacement bin for my broken/cracked kitchen pull out trash receptacle was available . This new one looks to be of great quality and it fit perfect -LRB- better than the first one ! -RRB- it &#8217; s just what I needed !
 I have been looking for the right size trash can to fit my roll out baskets and these fit just perfect !!!!! I could n't be happier with this purchase !
 I used this waste bin in a kitchen built-in slide out drawer . It was the perfect size . Product came quickly at a reasonable price .
 I had difficulty finding the correct size waste basket to fit a new kitchen cabinet designed for waste baskets . Local stores carried larger and smaller baskets which did not adequately fit the cabinet and I decided to search Amazon . The Rev-A-Shelf 30 qt . waste bins are a perfect fit and two of them fit in the cabinet together - one for trash and the other for recycling .
 to me is the best in the market today , the others with the use in few weeks start cracking , this one not
 This product works well , but what could go wrong with a waste basket ??? I wish this product was available from another source at a lower price . Unfortunately this does not seem to be the case , so we 're stuck with buying it from this company at a higher than reasonable price .
 Very happy with this product . It was exactly what I wanted . It is sturdy , durable and the quality is excellent . I am sure it will last me many years .
 We had looked for a new waste bin to replace our old , damaged one , but had so much trouble finding a suitable replacement that would be the right size for our sliding trash bin in the kitchen . This fits perfectly and is very sturdy ; not to mention a terrific price .
 Just a very functional and durable container for regular and recycled trash . They do eventually get brittle and break at the rim so it is good to know that replacements are available .
 Was very happy to get replacements for the old Rubbermaid tall kitchen trash bins . We have a pull out shelf designed for the Rubbermaid bins , and were afraid that since Rubbermaid went out of business that we would never find replacements . But these are exactly what we needed .
 I looked for months at Home Depot , Menards etc. . . for a Trash Can that would fit under our sink and finally found this one . It 's perfect and my wife is happy , end of story !
 i bought two of these to replace the garbage and recycling bins i had in the kitchen . i had the same brand , but after several years , they needed to be replaced . they fit perfectly with my current set up .
 Item was described well with accurate dimensions . Works well in small area designated for waste bin . Very sturdy and durable .
 These bins fit our recycle holders just right . Have not been able to find the correct size until now . Good value for the price .
 The dimensions reported on the website are very accurate - and more informative than the ones on other websites . I was relieved to find what I was looking for after buying two other replacements that did n't fit from other websites .
 Just as advertised . Needed particular size for cupboard and this fit perfectly . Would purchase from company again if I needed like item .
 I have searched all over for a waste can that would fit perfectly in our slide-out drawer in the kitchen . This was the perfect fit !
 Absolutely beautiful bowl for cappuccino and a real beauty to combine withwhite porcelain as soup bowl or dessert/fruit bowl.Very fine porcelain as thin as bone china.Based on the information i got from iittala USA origo is also oven safe and is not made in china , and not made in finland as iexpected in this price range.You can see this item in any respected designershops in europe.If you can not decide which color , my advise is to buy onepiece from each color and when you have a party , your guests can pick thecolor they want.Amazon only offer two or three colors , but you can getthe additional colors in internet.they are pricey bowls , but still 40 percent cheaper than the price you have to pay in europe now and amazonsend you the fourth one for free.Be advised to choose the right size with origo.I saw the review from anotherbuyer who bought the tumbler , and complain that is too small.If you want touse the smaller bowl for soup and cappuccino , it would be definately toosmall.This size is by far the best all rounder item in whole origo collection .
 I love these bowls but they are tiny . They serve as a good dessert bowl or soup but not big enough for cereal unless you want to fill up the bowl 2-3 times . I 'm American , I eat a lot . ; -RRB- They are simple in design but the color combination is unique . They feel a little fragile . I did break one in the sink within the first month . I treat them more delicately now.Pros : love the color combinationCons : Fragile
 We love these bowls . We originally purchased 4 in Miami in 2004 . We broke a few and bought 3 more through `` replacements.com '' in 2006 . We broke a few more and this time , I bought them through AMAZON . These are beautiful bowls , colorful and bright and stand up well to multiple uses a day and dishwasher safe . We broke them by banging them -LRB- accidentally -RRB- against the granite counter tops .
 Very attractively designed bowl but very small for the price . I would enjoy having a set of littala but , at that price who can afford it . I would definitely buy a larger bowl for holding fruit .
 Much more heat than a conventional , wire-element heater . I do n't know why that is , but it 's true.Controls are a little confusing -LRB- actually need to read the manual -RRB- , which is the only reason the item did n't get 5 stars . Performance is worth 5 stars .
 Cuisinart CMW-100 1-Cubic-Foot Stainless-Steel Microwave OvenThe only microwave that I could use due to space limitations and power requirements . Still not as powerful as I would like , but certainly far superior to Panasonic that it has replaced . At least it stays on the shelf when door is opened . Stainless liner is a plus . Exterior also stainless , not white as shown , but this is fine .
 As many of you know , it 's impossible to find a microwave that 's NOT made in China . So , I searched high and low for a decent one -LRB- after my other one caught on fire -RRB- . This seemed well-made and it really is . The stainless interior is nice because it does n't stain and trap odors . Lower wattage than my other microwave , but that 's ok . Works nicely . Buy on Amazon for free shipping .
 It was a Christmas gift for my sister who has the other pieces in the Nativity . It arrived in perfect condition and went beautifully with her other pieces . It was also less expensive than the same piece in the local Christmas store .
 This poster is HUGE ! I love it and it 's it perfect shape ! A great purchase at a great price from a great seller !
 This is by far the best pan for cooking eggs any style . The coating is tough . A great addition to any kitchen .
 This little skillet has come in so useful ... in fact , now that my fruit trees are bearing , I may make nothing but crepes for breakfast for the rest of the summer ! With this skillet , it 's almost as easy and quick as making pancakes .
 Has a nice heft and balance . Handle is comfortable . Non-stick coating seems pretty thick and works . Coud n't give 5 stars because of the care the non-stick needs , must be handwashed , no metal utensils , no high temps . I am also a bit dissapointed with the amount of time it takes to to heat , probably due to thick non-stick coating . For what I bought it for , frying one or two eggs , it is great .
 WELL IT WAS ON SALE , BUT I STILL LOVE IT.YES SCRATCHED , BUT I STILL LOVE IT.SO EASY TO CLEAN . COOKS EVENLY.I STILL LOVE IT .
 ok , so the small Anolon Advanced open French skillet is scratched , but it actually works great . No problem , the scratches are not real deep and it does n't cause sticking . I love it because it is so easy to clean . Just use hot water , swipe with a paper towel and '' oh my goodness '' it is clean . Want to try the dirty ? Like use a heavy load of cheese on a grilled cheese sandwhich ... and still hot water and paper towel and u r done . And hey , these things really are pricey on the market , so a scratch here and there is ok as long as it is not nickle deep . Smile . Seriously people , it works so well I enjoy heating up a cup of chili in it . I only gave it four stars cause of the scratches . Did I say scrathes ? Overall the price is just fine , cause I believe ... if I live that long ... I will be using this for a LOOOOOOONNNNNNNGGGGGG TIME > Smile .
 I 've had this pan for several months now , and I 'm still happy with the non-stick surface for cooking as well as for easy cleaning .
 This pan fits in my wife cooking set so well . and at this price i cant say no to her . thanks for the great deal
 This pan should last a good year of heavy use -LRB- that 's how long we get out of it -RRB- Make sure to buy the expensive version as it is much heavier than the cheaper -LRB- combo -RRB- version .
 Replaced the T-Fal with this and could n't be more pleased . No matter how careful I was with the T-Fal , it became marred from whatever . Generally use a very small amount of butter or coconut oil when frying .
 We use this pan every morning to cook small omelets . I 've owned it for about a month now , and it still looks brand-new !
 This is the second Anolon pan I own and I would not go without them . You ca n't beat their resiliency , lightweight sturdiness and easy cleanup . I use metal utensils with them and so far , no scratches , no problems whatsoever . A simple rinse in the sink and it goes directly into the dishwasher . Voila , easy as pie.I would highly recommend these pans to anyone for regular every day use .
 I use this to make my eggs in the morning and small stuff . This is the best skillet I 've ever owned and now I need to get the whole set ! Highly recommend !
 I 've had Anolon cookware for about 4 years and love it . My small fry pan gets the most use , so I purchased this new one .
 I 've had this pan for a few weeks now and must say that I do love it , though if I had any complaints at all , it is too small for some things that I 'd like to cook in it , but that is not the fault of this pan , obviously.Very nice heft and balance to the pan , also very comfortable silicone handle which does n't get hot while cooking . The nonstick coating appears to be well made , hope it outlasts the last pan I got which was a cheapie buy-with-purchase supermarket deal that did n't even last 6 months.Analon will be my go-to company for nonstick cooking items in the future .
 This personal size fry pan is perfect for one or more . It will scramble eight eggs and is great for a grilled cheese !
 This 12-inch nonstick skillet has readily handled every task I 've attempted . The aluminum is heavy enough to heat evenly & retain heat when adding cold product . Clean up is quick & easy . No signs of wear or scratching after several weeks of almost daily use , following normal nonstick precautions . I added a lid -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B0042H7WBC Anolon Advanced Glass Lids 10-Inch and 12-Inch Glass Lids Twin Pack -RSB- to this pan .
 I 'm gon na throw my overpriced Calphalon in the trash.These pans are incredible . They are so non-stick , you could clean them with a paper towel and put them away . I love them . Going to replace all the Calphalon with Anolon .
 These pans are such a pleasure to use . They work well and feel good in use . These are balanced and heavy-weight yet light enough to flip or shake contents in a circle with one hand . The 8 '' is the perfect size for an omelet or flawless pancake . The 10 '' is great when cooking for two or three people.One tip I have discovered is to use pots to fry in so any spatter is controlled by the high sides of the base . A pot offers more bang for your buck as it can serve as a frying pan and pot . This Anolon covered saucepan comes with a lid that has holes to strain liquids and the base has spouts . It is an ideal alternative to the 8 '' open skillet : Anolon Advanced Hard Anodized Nonstick 3-1/2 - Quart Covered Straining Saucepan with SpoutsUpdate 4/2011
 I do n't have any other pans but ANOLON . Recently , i purchased the 8 '' skillet from Calphalon because i can not resist the screaming deal of $ 16.99 for the Calphalon pan . Sorry , but even the price , i returned . Not even close to ANOLON cooking perfection . I do n't use any oil , and nothing stick to my ANOLON pans , calphalon is not as smooth and sliding , so , i returned and i bought instead this ANOLON skillet . The price is excelent -LRB- original price $ 35.00 -RRB- and for sure , no regrets as always . ANOLON , the best of the best !
 This pan 's great , if you follow the manufacturer 's directions . It 's taught me how to properly use a non-stick pan .
 This is the third Analon pan I 've bought . I love it . It 's heavy , so it heats slowly . Once heated , it holds an even temperature . The non-stick coating works better than any others I 've tried -LRB- includeing All-Clad which is much more expensive -RRB- . I 'm really sold on these pans !
 This is a very good skillet . It retains heat well , cooks with little or no oil and is a breeze to clean .
 What a nice pan . Love the insulated grips and the weight . My previous experience with Anolon has been very good . Got a non-stick stock pot in 1992 and it only gave up the ghost last year -LRB- ' 08 -RRB- after regular use . I hope these pans do n't disappoint .
 I 've had a set of Scanpan pots and pans for years . They 're durable , but the non-stick aspect left a lot to be desired , and they were all expensive . In fact , most cooked food DOES stick to them . I 've decided to replace what I have one at a time , and I started with this small 8 '' frying pan . It 's excellent . Nice and heavy in weight -LRB- yet not overly heavy -RRB- , and the non stick surface is both durable and incredibly easy to clean . Eggs , omelettes with cheese , are easily cleaned off . This Amazon price is a great value given the quality of the pan . I 'll be adding other Analon Advanced cookware items to my wish list , for sure !
 In my cabinet are skillets that are MUCH more expensive , including All-Clad and La Cruset , yet this is the one I always reach for . It heats evenly , quickly and is a dream to clean . I have become so enthusiastic about this line that I have given them away on multiple occasions . Those gifts have always led to folks buying more pieces because they ca n't believe how nice they are to work with
 I am a semi-professional chef , cooking a variety of gourmet meals at least 4 nights a week , so having the right kitchen pans is vitally important . I found this little Analon quite by accident , and now use it virtually every day for sauces , for single omelettes , and for anything that does n't require a lot of volume/space . Non-stick works just as advertised , so you ca n't go wrong . I now own 3 of them , and they get used all the time .
 I do n't like non-stick . It 's not as versatile as good 3-ply stainless steel and it does n't last anywhere near as long . That said , I do like egg dishes and in the summer I like dishes w / a lighter mouth-feel -LRB- not as much oil -RRB- . So I set out for the best non-stick pan.I got a 12-inch pan because I 've had 10 inch and 8 inch pans in the past and they get crowded very easily . Secondly , I wanted a pan w / a riveted handle and a decent high temp oven performance . Also , I believe the true mark of a nonstick pan is the ` flip ' performance -- so , NO HELPER HANDLE IS THE WAY TO GO ! That 's just my opinion . I eventually narrowed by search to 3 brands
 This 8 '' open skillet is heavier than the ` commercial ' Calphalon 12 '' covered pan , 10 '' open crepe pan and 21/2 Qt covered sauce pan -LRB- made in China -RRB- . -LRB- It would be nice if Amazon identified the country of origin of all its cookware . -RRB- The easy-grip handle is great . I have ordered 2 more as gifts . Every kitchen should have at least 2 of these !
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 One of my hobbies is cooking , I love to cook and the Anolon Advanced is one of the best Skillets I have ever used . I have had AllClad Emerilwear , Calphalon , and others , I would trade them all for the Anolon cookwear . It 's the greatest .
 I bought this for my wife as a late Christmas present and have waited nearly 8 months before writing this review . After months of regular use , it looks as good as new . The skillet has held up very well - much better than the `` T-Foul '' skillet that we disposed of upon buying this item .
 For years I 've been using Scanpan pots and pans . I bought an entire set and was very happy with them for a long time . When a pan wore out , Scanpan would happily send me a new one . But apparently no more ! They now send you pictures of pans which they call `` abused . '' If your pan looks anything like the pictures they wo n't give you a new one.This is not acceptable to me when they initially offered a lifetime warranty . So with that said I will not buy any more Scanpan items ever again.But lets talk about this amazing Anolon 12-inch French skillet ! I am so impressed with this pan I really ca n't say enough good things about it . For one , nothing sticks and I cook at least twice daily . Normally I cook eggs in the morning and meats and veggies at night . The nonstick finish is superior to anything I 've ever tried , even Calphalon.If I have anything negative to say it would be that the pan heats a bit more slowly at first . This is fine once you get used to it and you will notice an even heating of the entire pan . There are really no hot spots or places food will burn as long as you keep the heat medium to medium high . You are not really supposed to use high heat.Some other things you might like to know about this pan :1 . Do n't use this type of pan if you have small pets like birds . Or atleast keep them out of the kitchen .2 . Do n't use metal or sharp-edged utensils in this pan . Useplastic .3 . Do n't use nonstick cooking sprays or the coating couldbe damaged .4 . You can use baking soda to clean the pan although I ` venever had to because the pan can be cleaned very well withjust a cloth or plastic brush .5 . This pan can not be cleaned in a dishwasher . You musthand wash it once the pan has cooled.One thing about this pan is that it is quite heavy . It also has a `` SureGrip '' handle but there is a small piece of metal right next to the pan which can get really hot . As long as you are paying attention when you pick up the pan you should n't get burnt.My husband bought this for me as a Christmas present . He said that he did n't think most women would get that excited over a pan . I 'd rather have a pan that worked perfectly than diamonds . After all , when you spend a lot of time in the kitchen , who wants to spend even more time cleaning up pans that need to be soaked , etc. . I can highly recommend this to you . I think you 'll love this pan ! ~ The Rebecca Review
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 This skillet is perfect for a large omlett which you can put anything you like . I love it . I hope it will last longer than my last one which was as heavy as this one , but only lasted three years .
 I mainly use stainless steel to cook with but I needed a new non-stick pan for the purpose of whipping up a few eggs in the morning . The pan had glowing reviews and the price was right so I decided to give the 8 '' a shot . When removing the pan from the box I was amazed at how heavy it was for such a little pan . I consider the size to be perfect for two eggs but still works great with one . The pan sits flat on the stove , heats evenly , does a fantastic job making both over-easy and scrambled eggs , and is a breeze to clean with just a few swipes of a paper towel ! I definitely would buy again .
 I purchased this skillet after reading many reviews . I have no idea about the durability . I will amend my review after I 've had it for sometime . This has good balance and the no-stick is working just fine out of the box . I would not use metal utensils on this even though the manufacturer says it is ok .
 absolutely recommend to anyone who loves nonstick and wants something to last for a very long time . love the cushiony handles .
 This pan is of excellent quality as far as the materials used , the weight of the pan , the non stick surface and the padded handle . As a previous reviewer pointed out , there is a metal portion of the handle close to the pan which does get hot and for bigger hands , they will require careful attention so as not to grab the handle on the metal close to the pan . This does not seem to be an issue for me . What bothers me more is the &#34; rivets &#34; used to attach the handle and exposed in the pan . Food does get firmly stuck on them -LRB- not non stick -RRB- and under the edges of them ... requiring a scrub brush to clean these parts carefully each time it is used . There is no quick rinse for this pan with this problem . It is irritating but , still not planning to return it .
 Love it for making a right size egg dish for the family in the morning or anytime . Never sticks , easy cleanup
 These pans are excellent utilitarian daily use pans . Mine get replaced every 4 years or so . They are a much less expensive solution to my kitchen needs that the expensive non-stick cookware.i
 These pans are definately nice and seem to be good quality , but they are so new that I hope I still feel this way after I 've used them for a while !
 Fantastic pan . Use it every day . Lasted 4 or 5 years of constant use until the non stick wore out . Got another one . Love the weight and thickness of the metal . Great for scrambled eggs as the sides cook as good as the bottom .
 The description for this skillet is really true . No gimmicks and no lies ! Easy to clean and never had a perfect sunny side up egg before this !
 I got a stainless steel set and just bought this for omelets and pancakes but I ended up using it for everything ! Nothing sticks to it . No need for oil or butter . It is SUPER easy to clean and it does not get stains compared to my stainless steel set . It feels very well built , a bit on the heavy side but not like an iron skillet . I highly recommend it .
 We bought this skillet to replace one we had gotten elsewhere a few months earlier because it had not proven to be truly non-stick . This one is great . I can see how one reviewer found the part of the handle where it is rivited to the pan hot , but I do n't see any reason to have to touch that . The handle is actually very good .
 good pan , easy to clean , good weight , quality . I like the handle design , very smart ergonomic design to take some strain off the wrist as this pan has some weight to it as one would expect in a pan of this quality . Definitely recommend this , seems like it 's going to last a very long time with my typical usage of 2-3 times / week , hopefully many years .
 My Caphalon pans were very nice but getting worn , so I bought the smallest Analon pan as a test of the product before purchasing more . I think they are nicer than the Caphalon - certainly heavier and the surface is super non-stick . This is my second purchase as I am slowly replacing my old ones with Analon .
 This small pan is perfect for making single serving omelets . It is easy to clean and a pleasure to use .
 Great construction , great coating . My wife said it is the perfect fried egg pan , she said she has yet to burn something in it .
 It 's a bit heavy , which I actually like in comparison to my cheaply made lighter pans . After about a week of daily use , this is absolutely my favorite pan . Heats up quickly , totally non-stick , so much that you do n't even need half as much oil or butter as usual , nothing burns on , and it cleans up easily . The soft grip handle is comfortable , a nice plus . Would definitely recommend .
 We got this as a wedding gift as part of a gift set . We made fun of it at first because it 's smaller than other skillets we both grew up using . We did n't really see a need for it . Boy were we wrong . I cook up spinach and mushroom omelets every morning for myself before going to work . This little skillet is perfect for it . We use it to make quesadillas on occasion too .
 We purchased the Analon 10 '' and 12 '' a couple of months ago . Our choice of Analon was based on reviews posted here . Must say , the most positive reviews were not exaggerations . They are both great .
 Very Good Size And Does Not Scar R Stick Rince And Wipe Reday To Go .
 This is my second purchase of exactly the same skillet . Most of the cookware I use is the Anolon Advanced because of their excellent heat distribution and non-stick qualities . I have tried others but Anolon Advanced is still my favorite . Allows for healthy essentially fat-free cooking . The outside finish is also very easy to clean .
 I 've been use Anolon Hard Anodized non-stick skillets for few years and I love them . they have perfect weight -LRB- I hate lightweight cookwares -RRB- and durable . No-stick usually can last about two years . with the price , it worth every penny .
 I use the 8 '' for crepes and the 10 '' for French omelets . That is it . They work fine , but the rivets are not Teflon-coated and eggs will stick to it -- yes it shows in the pictures , but it 's worth mentioning : -RRB- Did not have a problem with the handle getting too hot or anything .
 I 've gotten spoiled by > $ 200 Demeyere stainless/copper cookware , but needed a non-stick pan for eggs . From everything I 've read , non-stick pans all eventually scratch , flake , or otherwise wear out , so it 's not worth buying a $ 200 lifetime pan in non-stick . For the money , this is an excellent pan -- I 'd compare it against anything else . The handle is firmly attached , comfortable , and stays cool , while the non-stick surface is smooth and non-stick . The one thing I miss about Demeyere vs. this pan is the rivets vs. welded attachment of the handle . Especially for non-stick , having an entirely non-stick interior with no odd shapes would make the pan even better . I 'm not sure why other pan vendors do n't weld their handles on -- it takes a little bit more work , but it makes the pan a lot more functional and easier to maintain .
 We use this pan every day for eggs and other small cooking chores . Build quality is fantastic , it 's nice and heavy to it does n't wobble on the stove , and the non-stick is still non-stick after eight months of daily use . I would definitely purchase again .
 probably not much I can add to the other reviews , but , this pan is so great I 'll review it anyway . very substantial -LRB- heavy -RRB- , nice and big -LRB- got the 12 '' version -RRB- , non-stick surface is still perfect after 20 uses . cleans like a dream , even after very greasy and/or crusty things.if you have a hard time lifting heavy things , or have a tight space and no room for the long handle , do n't get this pan , but otherwise , it is the non-stick pan of your dreams .
 Nothing seems to stick to this pan . We have been using this one nearly every day to cook in . Easy to clean , just wipe down with sponge . Remember the instructions from the company on `` do not put into dishwasher '' . There really is no need . Wish I would have purchased earlier as I had cheaper pans and they were terrible , including the ones from Costco .
 I must admit I was very hesitant to get this skillet due to the price . I have never paid this much for a nonstick skillet and was n't sure it would be worth it , but after having gotten a new flat top stove , I needed to replace my ` not so flat ' cheaper nonstick skillets . Let me say that I do n't regret my purchase for a minute ! Everytime I use it I tell my husband `` I love this skillet . '' Loved it so much that I purchased another one in a different size ! In truth you will love it also if you give it a try . Just care for it as advised and you will not regret spending a little more to get a great skillet !
 October 2012 update on 12 '' pan
 I use these small skillets almost every time I cook . The size is perfect and they are well-made and have a comfortable , cushiony handle . I was surprised how heavy and solid they are for their size . I highly recommend them .
 Well made , very sturdy with a comfortable stay cool handle . Pan is a little on the heavy side . Very slick cooking surface . I use this pan for eggs only . Works great ! Do not use cooking sprays , only butter or oil . Good quality , should last a long time with proper care . Very satisfied .
 Only have had it about a month & no problems with wear . Cleans easily . Love it !
 I 've had the pan a few weeks , using it for omelets mostly , and so far it has excellent non-stick properties and seems sturdy and high-quality . However , I toasted some flaked coconut in it recently and afterwards noticed some very fine abrasions on the pan 's surface , whereas previously it had been flawless . Therefore , I wonder about this pan holding up long-term . But I have my doubts about expensive pans holding up too -LRB- e.g. , Scanpan -RRB- , and this Anolon pan was very reasonably priced , so overall I 'm pleased with it .
 I love Anolon pans . I got this one to complete the setI purchased .
 I do not like to cook but I wanted a good pan that would last a while since I still need to cook sometimes . Had the pan for a few months now.Pros
 I just bought a home with an electric stove . I hate those things , but it was less expensive to buy a new pan than a new stove -LRB- though its still on the list ! -RRB- . All I can say is wow . I got an 8 '' and a10 '' and they are both spectacular . They need very little oil and very little clean up . I am back to flipping eggs without a spatula , and I have to make sure to wash the pan right away because it looks clean as soon as the eggs are out ! I ca n't recommend these pans enough . I am back to happy cooking again with the electric stove .
 I love the skillet , great quality . It has a great weight to it . Amazons service is very fast as usual .
 This is a heavy duty non stick pan that works well so far . The surface has held up under fairly high heat without flaking or peeling . It is much too early to see if this thing will pass the time test . Most of these pans do not hold up well and break down quickly . This one appears to be high quality initially - durability is the key with these things .
 I 've never had anything this effective and durable . Been using this almost everyday for the past 4 months and I all have to say are positive things about this skillet . It 's the perfect size for pancakes ! The non-stick coating is still living up to its promise . I will be purchasing only Anolon Advanced non-stick products from here until someone gives me something better for free to try .
 Love the size ... just perfect . The pan has some &#34; heft &#34; to it , if you know what I mean , even though it 's small . I always wash it by hand and never let anything but plastic touch the inside . I hope to use this for a long time .
 Excellent quality product , as you 'd expect . Product as been used extensively without issues and as advertised . Have purchased other pieces .
 I have Analon cookie sheets , given to me a few years ago as a gift . They are the best cookie sheets I have ever owned , and so I thought I would try the frying pan . This is the best non-stick frying pan I have ever owned . It requires no oil or butter to keep food from sticking ; it cleans up with warm , soapy water very easily ; it does not scratch easily ; I will never buy any other cookware . Analon for life .
 we have a chinese made allclad -LRB- branded emerilwear -RRB- that is pretty good but this one blows it away - better handle and thicker bottom -LRB- more even heating -RRB- . Cant talk about the sturdiness of it , so far so good . well worth the cost , and these size skillets are insanely useful .
 Received as a Xmas present . Love it ! Truly is non stick - follow instructions . I cook just for myself & this is great to cook an egg to two , and to cook 1-2 pieces of meat . So easy to clean up . Heavy weight & perfect !
 So I have tried the Organic Green Pan , Cusinart 's non-stick , and Circulon . By far the best non-sticks I have are Analon and Circulon . Rest of them are gone in about 6 months - 1 year . I have had my Analon non-sticks for 5 years so far , and the non-stick is perfectly fine . I will add the caviet that I wash it usually once a week to make sure no oil stays on the pan . Otherwise the cusinart is by far the worst one I have used.I know Analon 's are a bit more expensive , but it 's well worth the investment . This is coming from a person who research things to past a product 's life . ; -RRB-
 I purchased this pan for my wife who bought a Telebrands Orgreenic Frying Pan and thought it was the greatest thing . I was not impressed . So decided to get her a real quality non-stick pan and after reading the reviews decided on this one . Now this is one nice pan.Very heavy duty compared to any one I have ever used . In fact you need to give this one some time to heat up and melt butter unlike the thinner light ones like the Orgreenic . Very even heat distribution and nice handle.I know there are no non-stick pans that last forever , but I suspect this one will last a ling time . If not this review will be updated.I am very please with this purchase and can highly recommend this pan for every day use .
 This pan works well . There was a small imperfection/discoloration on the surface of the pan i received . However , it did not seem to have any effect on the actual functioning of the product .
 This is a true nonstick pan ! Let it warm up -LRB- do n't use high heat -RRB- and you can scramble an egg without any butter , shortening , etc ! Love the fact that you can also use metal utensils on it ... handy . Clean up is also a breeze ! I really like these skillets & my son was so impressed , I bought him a set for Christmas .
 I am extremely pleased with this product . It is well crafted and of good weight . -LRB- nice an heavy -RRB- I ca n't wait to purchase more in this product line .
 Picked it as a gift . Originally was going to get the green fry pan , but the reviews indicated it would fail at high temperatures . This was a little more expensive but the cooking results are excellent and the anodized surface is truly nonstick . Would recommend to anyone .
 Good quality product that 's perfect for fried eggs or omelets . Nice , thick metal that distributes the heat evenly . Easy to clean and have n't had any problems with scratching the finish .
 Three and a half months out , daily use , great performance . Will check in further down the line re
 After much research , I went with the Hard-Anodized Aluminum for its increased durability.Typically , I buy and destroy teflon within 6 months -LRB- I never use metal utensils and I always hand wash -RRB- . My pans see a tremendous amount of daily use , more than your average stay-at-home mother -LRB- I 'm a single male , but have two roommates and we cook enormous amounts of meals and all of them are cooked in these pans -RRB- . The nonstick on the aluminum is just as good as any teflon I 've owned . A sticker inside claims that it 's even `` metal untensil safe ! '' which is great considering I have two roommates sharing these pans that dont always show it the same respect I do.The size is perfect for my use - it fits flawlessly on my second largest burner.For $ 37 this is starting to look like a STEAL . I 've easily spent $ 25 on teflon that gets utterly destroyed in 6 months.UPDATE 11/21/12 : On the handle , the chrome piece furthest from the pan never conducts any heat . The chrome piece touching the pan does , but this has not become a problem as I have the entire rest of the handle to work with . Just thought I 'd clarify what people meant by `` the metal on the handle gets hot . '' It 's only the very small piece furthest up .
 The fry pan was really well . It does n't stick and you hardly have to use any butter or oil . I works so well that I 'm going to order the next size up to complete the set . I wanted to make sure it worked first before purchasing a larger size . I bought two other skillets that did n't work at all .
 Nothing sticks in this pan . I 've had it quite a while and it does n't show wear . I do n't put it in the dishwasher even though it says you can .
 I 've owned this pan for a long time -- the coating is very good and extremely durable -- and have just bought another one . It is the perfect size for frying or scrambling a couple of eggs , or for other small fry-ups . It is substantial for its size and distributes heat well . It also washes well . I use this pan very often . Great value .
 I bought this Analon skillet at the same time as two Circulon skillets . All three are great skillets , but the Circulons have been the clear winners.Both the Analons and the Circulons are heavy and therefore heat up well and hold their heat . But the Circulons have two features that make them stand out . First , you can put them in the oven . I had no idea how great that would be when I purchased them , but now I find myself using it in ways I never expected . I 've also noticed how often chefs on cooking shows do that very thing . Less mess , better results.Second , the Circulon pans are dishwasher safe while the Analons are not . Of course I had all those great thoughts like , `` it 's no big deal to wash a skillet by hand sometimes '' ... after I bought them reality set in.In summary , this is a good skillet , but I 'd suggest the Circulon as a better option .
 My grandson got me started using Analon Advanced Hard Anodized Nonstick Cookware several years ago . When he was getting married he had asked me for a 10 or 12 piece set for a wedding gift since he would be the main cook for his family . When I visited his home and used his Analon I fell in love with it at first use and decided I had to have some for myself too . I now have three saucepans and two skillets and will continue to add pieces . By far it 's the best cookware I 've ever used . I love it . Yes !!!
 I waited until now , 7 months after receiving it , to give it a review . All these non-stick pans work great right out of the box , but how do they hold up ? This pan still has very good non-stick properties , as good as new . It still cleans up easily . Also , very important to me is that it has stayed perfectly flat on the bottom , and not warped at all . This is important for my use on glass-top ranges . It is nice and thick , not cheap and warpable/bendable , as bargain pans might me . I 'd strongly recommend this pan , as it has high-end qualities and is an affordable price .
 This is a very nice non stick fry pan . It is very heavy so takes a little longer to heat up , but provides nice even heat without hot spots . I would definitely buy this brand again .
 Take care not to burn the pan as it is not recommended for greater than med-high heat . Nonstick coating is durable and works well , but not perfect . Also , be careful not to burn yourself on the metal portion of the handles on either side of the silicone .
 I 've been looking for a good non-stick pan for eggs . I judge the quality of the non-stick by whether I can fry an egg without spray oil . Egg 's stick to this pan unless you use spray oil . The only pan I 've found that can do this so far is a pan from the Emerilware line by All Clad . Unfortunately , I 'm hesitant to purchase Emerilware due to bad reviews on quality and customer service . I 'm still looking for a non-stick pan that can fry egg 's without oil . Suggestions are welcome!Other than the non-stick , after two years of use , the pan has held up well and cleaning the pan is very easy . Other observations
 We received this as a wedding gift . Three years later it looks like new ! It cleans easily , cooks wonderfully , and has a great weight to it . I 've never had a teflon pan last so long without any signs of wear or tear . This is probably the wedding gift we have used more than all others , and I could n't be more satisfied .
 I bought this pan 5 months ago and it is the BEST non stick cookware I have used in a long time ! I had given up on the non-stick cookware due it it not holding up after several months . A friend of mine has a whole set if this cookware and has had it for 2 yrs , so I decided to give it a try and I absolutely like cooking with it ... easy clean up afterwards !
 This skillet is totally the best I 've ever had . I love the non stik inside and out . I 've had it since 2003 and even though I use it all of the time it still looks like new . -LRB- 4 years old -RRB- Everything just slides right out and it cleans up in a snap . It 's good and weighty , the best $ 20.00 I ever spent
 We purchased the Analon 10 '' and 12 '' a couple of months ago . Our choice of Analon was based on reviews posted here . Must say , the most positive reviews were not exaggerations . They are both great .
 I purchased this pan from Amazon after looking over reviews for many pans , including even more expensive ones . I decided on this pan 3 years ago and still love it . We use it every day and I even purchased larger pans of the same brand . It cooks food so perfectly and it still in excellent condition after being used on a very regular basis for 3 years . I highly recommend this if you 're trying to decide which brand to choose !
 this skillet is everything I wanted , It cooks great on my electric stove . I cook bacon and eggs , with toast .
 High quality and heavy duty pan . Glad I purchased it . Anolon does n't disappoint ! Should wear well with everyday use .
 This is a wonderful skilett . Everything what was promised and more . I can even use metal utensils on it ! After Christmas I 'll buy me the 10 '' skilett .
 This pan works beautifully without added oil , and it 's a great buy . The handle is especially well-designed to keep you away from the pan 's hot surfaces .
 We have only had the pan for a short while . What is important to us is how long it will last . If it does n't last any longer than cheap pans then we will just buy cheap pans from here on out . We are very happy with the pan so far and are planning to buy the larger one in the near future if this one is still performing well .
 I 've never had a Anodized Nonstick Skillet with Dupont II . Awesome ! Perfect heat distribution , it has solid feeling like I 've never experienced in a small pan . Best performing pan ever . I wish I 'd got one when they came out -LRB- whenever that was -RRB-
 This is the pan I have searched for , non-teflon non-stick pan that actually works . I have fried eggs , sandwiches , sauteed meats and veggies , it works every time . I will have to see how it holds up over the long haul , but so far , it is excellent .
 So far this surface is still like new . Excellent valve . Highly recommended . Quick delivery . Very easy to clean , no burnt food after using at high temperature .
 I 'm a big fan of Analon and have had several of their skillets . I like the feel of the weight and handle and I 've had good luck with them . The grip is comfortable and does n't get hot and this size is perfect when you 're just heating something up for one person .
 This is a great pan ! Definitely what we use in restaurant kitchens ; it is of excellent quality , heavy , solid , and most of all , made in USA ! For me , this is the perfect pan , especially when you want to make a little omelet , etc. . I bought it primarily for my son as a birthday gift , but after it arrived , I immediately decided to order several more . For myself and for other family members .
 This replaced an old non-stick pan that had become very scratched up over the years and it 's great to have a nice clean new one . The rubberized handle is a real help as it does n't heat up . The non-stick works great and I wish I 'd replaced the old one much sooner . Recommended .
 This Anolon skillet is a wonderful addition to my other smaller skillet . Most likely I will be buying a Anolon Wok in near future for my Indian vegeterian cooking . It is so easy to clean . -- TapanDD
 I 've been making my daily omelette in this pan for almost 2 months now . It is weighted very nicely , and the nonstick coating is still perfect .
 This skillet is even better than I thought it would be - very heavy and I especially like that it 's anodized coating is inside and out .
 I tend to take my cooking seriously and wanted to supplement my All-Clad cookware with a small 10 '' non-stick frying pan for small jobs . I purchased this pan from Amazon and I love it . It has performed fabulously for my husband and me . It is easy to clean , which I love.The weight of the pan is excellent and there is good balance between the handle and the pan itself . Heat is distributed evenly over the cooking surface . The handle has a protective surface so you do n't need an additional hot pad.The instructions included in the packaging tell the user not to use cooking sprays or vegetable oil in the pan as these products will impact the performance , so I am following that advise . In addition , I do not put my pans in the dishwasher but only use a bit of liquid detergent for cleanup . I recommend this pan to all cooks .
 I have bought all three now
 I 've only had this item a couple of weeks , so I do n't know how well the nonstick will last , but here are my initial impressions
 Great price , awesome pan . The one drawback if your cooking eggs and get them on the rivets holding the handle on it sticks a bit , and not dishwasher safe , but not a big deal as the rest of the pan will take you 2.3 seconds to clean . This thing is better than any pan I have ever owned . Use it everyday .
 I was n't doing a lot of cooking during the first year , so I 'd only pull it out a few times each month . But in the last two years I 've been using it several times a week , and the non-stick surface still looks and works great . I can see some very faint lines on the coating , but there 's been no breach or peeling like you get with cheap non-sticks . This surface is n't going away any time soon.Cleaning is a breeze . Even if I 've left the pan on the stovetop overnight with gummy residue drying on it , all I do is soak it for 10 minutes in hot soapy water and give it a light going over with a soft wet sponge . If I clean it right away , there 's no need for soaking . The surface just will not hang on to food . I actually look forward to cleaning this pan!It 's heavy , even when empty . Very hard to lift when full of food ; a helper handle on the other side would have been a useful feature . If you have small-to-normal wrists like me you wo n't be hauling it out of the oven just by the handle.This pan is too small to make a generous heap of spaghetti sauce in , but perfect for a large omelette or a couple of chicken breasts.I have n't tried it in the oven , but having re-read the product specs , I think I will . If it disappoints , I 'll let you know.All in all I 'm extremely pleased with my investment , though if I were to do it again , I 'd look for a pan that comes with a lid and a second handle .
 The Anolon pan is just exactly what I was looking for . It is a very good quality pan and I could n't be more pleased . Would definitely recommend to anyone . Great price also .
 If you want to comfortably fry two eggs , best to order the 10 inch pan . Other than that , Its a great pan .
 A beautifully designed skillet the handle is a non slip design and has weight to it . This skillet is commercial grade. : - -RRB-
 Having stepped away from Teflon a number of years ago , i have been struggling with finding a safe non-stick cooking pan . I played around with enamel over steel but things still stuck . This is a nice solid and substantial little pan , perfect for a meal for one . I like the weight of it and it cleans up nicely . The handle is comfortable and stays cool .
 Having now used this skillet for almost a year for everything from omelets to small stir fries and quesadillas in between , I can say it 's definitely the best skillet I 've ever owned . Heavy enough to distribute heat well , small enough for quick cooking tasks -- it performs beautifully . I had never owned an Anolon product before , but it will be my brand of choice in the future .
 This medium-sized pan is solid , and non-stick , as advertised.I have cooked bacon , eggs , shrimp in butter , and ground turkey . All cook fine and do not stick . I used no butter while cooking the eggs.Tips for surface longevity
 I love these skillets ! How easy can it possibly be ? I have my cast iron and would never stop using them . The non stick pans are so nice for the quick items tho ' . They heat quickly and completely , no hot spots . They cook quickly too , clean up is rapid . Rinse and dry and put away . You never want to put these in a dishwasher . I did that once years ago and ruined a perfectly good non stick pan . Too easy to clean by hand . Excellent quality and workmanship . Are they cheap , cheap , cheap ? No , no , no ! Of course not , but , you are getting very good quality and the price is a fair and moderate one in comparison . If you take care of these they will be around for a long time .
 The Anolon Advanced pans cook evenly , look nice , and clean easily . My favorite pans ever ! The larger ones , when full , may be a bit heavy for some people , but they work so well . The only downside at all to this little frying/saute pan is that Anolon does n't seem to make a lid for it -LRB- they do make lids for the 10 '' and 12 '' skillets -RRB- . But lids from some of my other pans fit it , so no problem .
 This is my go-to pan . Cooks great for one and cleans in a snap . After much research -- this is the pan for me .
 Everything Anolon Advanced is a great tool and sold at a bargain price . This piece is no exception . I use it every day and prefer it over my All Clad . Even heating and great no stick qualities at a bargain price .
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 We have had this skillet now for a couple of months and are very satisfied with it . Positives are that it is very easy to clean and cooks evenly . Negative , if you want to call it that , it takes longer to heat up than what we had been using so we have had to adjust to that . Otherwise , quite satisfied .
 Bought this because I had a coupon combination that got me this pan for $ 5 . Anolon will make their money on me many times over as this will be my cookware of choice from now on assuming the other pieces in the Advanced line are this nice . Much heavier than you would expect . Because of that , it 's a little slower to heat up , but for even heating , great non-stick properties and super easy cleanup , you ca n't beat this pan . I love that it 's got non-stick on the outside of the pan , too . That means it not only works well , but it stays looking good , too . Excellent product .
 For $ 40 this pan can not be beat . Just be sure to always use wood , silicon or plastic on the inside , never metal , it will eventually get scratched . I feel this pan is as nice as the All-Clad version and it 's less than half the price ! I also love the handle , very secure and `` grippy . '' Even cooking and super non-stick . What more do you want ?
 I mostly cook eggs in this skillet - one yolk and four whites , with a little olive oil . The eggs flip easier than other lower quality skillets allowed ; no sticking which causes broken yolks . The good weight and thick bottom allows even heat distribution . The handle feels friendly , a little softness to the squeeze ; yet very well constructed . This skillet , for me , has already become a favorite to keep for life . I like to hold , use , and even look at it . Makes cooking easier .
 This skillet is excellent for the price . The non-stick coating on this pan is REALLY slick and I easily cook up eggs for breakfast where others stick and fail . Even heat distribution and great construction round out the package . I wish larger Anolon skillets were more competitively priced-I would surely buy more to complete my set . Highly recommended .
 this is my 4th anolon advanced purchase . they are made to last . i am slowly replacing all my pans with these .
 Read the reviews about this pan and decided to try it . I 'm so happy with my purchase because it does not burn and cleans easily that 's why I got a another one , this time the 121/2 inch . If given the proper care , these pans will last very , very long .
 Models from names such a Calphalon , etc neither match the design nor colors of the OXO Good Grips . The handle stays cool . The kettle opens and pours while letting you keep one hand free ; unlike fancy one with obsolete caps . The water fill hole is large . I spent hours searching online for kettles . This was the best on the screen , matches the claims made , and does n't cost much . Beware heavy kettles . They 're obsolete . Lightweight ones are easy to use and heat faster .
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 Hubby got a burr under his saddle about our old cookware and started researching this stuff . BOY am I glad he did - neither of us want to EVER cook on anything else again ! Just have to remember not to use metal utensils , but we got some nice teflon utensils to use with this pan and the rest of the set that we have . LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !!!
 Yes , these pans are a little heavy ... but that also gives then a solid , quality feel . True , they are a little slower to heat up than thinner cookware , but the exchange is that they cook evenly and do n't burn . The nonstick works better than any I 've ever owned . I 'm now replacing the original set I bought 8 years ago . Highly recommend them !
 I love Anolon cookware . I have been using their cookware for about 8 years and it is wonderful , the nonstick coating is great and lives up to it 's name . It 's high sides and 2 handles make it a wonderful pot to cook with .
 Previously had a similar-sized , Calphalon pan for about five years . Made the mistake of using metal utensils with it , scratched the non-stick coating , and ruined the non-stick properties . Replaced it with this Analon pan . It seems to heat evenly . Cleans up inside and out with ease , even after cooking a recipe that contained grated cheese . Love the glass lid so you can peek inside without lifting it up . Handles do n't get hot . This pan is the all-around work horse of my kitchen . Could n't live without one this size . Analon makes a quality product . The only complaint is that it 's just a little heavy , but that 's probably why it cooks so well .
 This is a fantastic saute pan . The heavy pan evenly distributes the heat and holds the temperature . It 's large enough to saut&eacute; several pieces of fish , chicken , pork chops etc. . Clean up is simple with the non stick surface inside and out .
 This is my second piece of Analon cookware and I really do &#34; love it &#34; . It 's just the right size for not worrying if something is going to run over the sides while cooking on high heat . It 's heavy duty and nonstick as advertised . I will buy this as a gift for someone else in the future .
 This is the third of these pans I have purchased . I use this big pan every day , so after two or three years , I need to replace . The size with the straight sides gives you a huge cooking surface . I would definitely recommend this for family cooking .
 Used my other one so much I realized I need another . Great capacity , helpful handles , even heating , simple clean-up make this a kitchen must .
 A critical component in your cooking arsenal ! Love the size , more so than a griddle , easily cook bacon , eggs and pancakes in one pan and lid keeps it warm for those late-rising teenagers ! Very durable , non-stick surface and not too heavy -LRB- but sturdy -RRB- Worth the extra $ $ $ fully expect to use this for years .
 This pan is a dream ! The only downfall is that it 's quite heavy to handle . I would highly recommend this . The surface is still as perfect as when I bought it . Super easy to clean .
 I was hoping that the pan would be as good as it looked and it was
 I own several Anolon cookware pieces . You will not be sorry to purchase this high quality pan . Nothing beats having the right tools of superior quality for the job at hand .
 My wife wanted a deep pan that did not burn food . This is it . She loves it . Big , deep , even heat , well built , and easy to clean . Expensive but worth it .
 This is my second 5-quart Analon skillet in fifteen years . I took it to my daughter 's filled with scolloped potatoes and somehow it never made it home . Everyone who sees it loves it because of the large size , high walls , and smooth , non-stick surface . It is really an amazing pan . The non-stick finish in my 15-year-old one was still just like new - no scratches or anything.Lid is heavy and fits nice and tight . Handles can go in up to a 400 degree oven . Bottom is flat , providing a larger cooking/browning surface than some pans . Is made of heavy-gauge coated metal so it browns evenly.Invest in this skillet and you will get at least 20 years of perfect cooking .
 We 've had this , and other Analon pots , for at least a year now ; but this one is the `` go to '' pot . It gets used almost every day , has maintained it 's nonstick coating , cooks evenly , goes from stove top to oven , and handles enough grub for our family of 4 . Just a good all-around , quality pot . Glad I bought it !
 This is my second Anolon saute pan . My first purchase was more than 10 years ago and that pan got used most every day . Over time the finish deteriorated and I decided to replace it . In reading the directions on the new pan , it states not to use cooking sprays -LRB- Pam etc. -RRB- which I did on the 1st one . -LRB- I should have read the directions ! -RRB- The spray may have contributed to the finish problem or could have been that it got used almost every day . It is a great pan and you wo n't be disappointed !
 This is my third iteration of this fry pan in the past 12 years or so . I have to replace it every 3-4 years because it gets daily use and abuse . If you were only going to own one pan , this would be it . Big enough for big family meals , great for pancakes , burgers , whatever - this is it . I use this and a small one-egg sized pan , and that 's all I ever need . The helper handle is a must-have as well , esp . for those big meals to pour everything out .
 Wonderful pan , just what I needed ! I had to replace a Calphalon 12 '' saute pan because the non-stick surface was coming loose . So far , no problems with this one , though I 've only had it a month . Caution
 Love this pan as I do all of my Anolon pans . I have some of the professional quality and they are great too .
 Sure its expensive but its well worth the money . Cooks evenly and nothing sticks to it . Handle is comfortable too .
 Bought this to replace another lighter pan . This is heavier put a really nice pan . Only issue is the fact that the handles other than the cover portions get very hot .
 This pan was worth every cent . I like to cook in quantity and put up `` planned overs '' for later in the week , and in the last six years have been through a number of non-stick pans including Circulon -LRB- ugh - stay far away -RRB- , Calphalon -LRB- OK for the first few months -RRB- , and T-Fal -LRB- used to like but no longer -RRB- . I kept glancing at the 10 '' open French Anolon pan I 'd bought at Amazon 10 years ago , which is still going strong . The old Anolon admittedly has some discoloration and `` seasoning '' at this point , but 10 years for a nonstick is nothing to snear at . So I went for this Big Baby.And love it ! This is my go-to pan , even though it 's labeled as a saute , I make everything from stews to pasta sauces to chili in it . It 's great for stir-frying loads of veggies , and you can whip up healthy fried rice concoctions with leftover brown rice and freshly sliced veggies with an egg or two scrambled in . Speaking of eggs , for brunches I beat together some eggs and eggwhites , then saute whatever veggies are on hand to fill up the bottom of the pan , pour in the eggs , top with cheese and bake in a 325 F. oven for 20 minutes for the biggest , most delicious fritattas ever.This pan is so versatile I can cook pasta for two in it , drain the pasta , wipe it out , add olive oil and a little wine and saute greens and garlic , add back the pasta and some broth and voila , pasta prima vera in one pan . Chicken thighs brown well in it , then add barley and broth and some Morrocan seasonings ... OK I 'll stop , you get the picture!It seems like everything I make in this pan comes out better . And this is my first glass lid cookware - how fun to see your meal cooking as the steamy little bubbles roll down the inside of the lid ! Just be aware that quality cookware needs to be treated well - follow manufacturer 's instructions - no dishwashers , let it come to heat over a medium setting , and clean it gently . The only con I 'd issue is that the pan is heavy , but you get a lot of bang for this Kichen Hunk .
 I bought this about 4 months ago and use it several times per week . Even though I cook a lot , I am not usually one to shell out over $ 100 on a single pan . This was totally worth it ! This one is a keeper . Truly non-stick , easy to clean , larger size can accommodate a big meal ! It is heavy , but this helps with even heating -LRB- and heat retention -RRB- . Looks and feels very well-made , should provide one with a lifetime of culinary delights . We 're getting to be good friends , this pan and I. Bon appetit!UPDATE
 This is a great non stick pan that has a lot of great features like see thru glass cover , non-stick surface , non slip handles and is also oven safe to 400 degrees . This pan is very thick which is great for even cooking , the 12 '' diameter is great on our 12 '' radiant glass top stove . This pan is also the easiest to clean . ~ MET
 Super easy to clean , heats evenly - sautes perfectly . This has become my favorite pan . Now I want a whole set of Anolon pans !
 I 've used the Anolon pan with glass lid for more years than you can imagine . -LRB- I 've even given it as a gift for friends because it is so versatile in the kitchen . -RRB- The size - 12 '' - is generous for cooking food and I love the fact that it is a non-stick pan -LRB- good to keep calories and fat down . -RRB- The first design worked well , but this new Advanced design -LRB- with helper handles and a secure handled lid -RRB- is even BETTER than ever , and it 's oven safe , too ! One note
 Great pan . Heavy , helper handle really helps . Nonstick lasts about 3 years with very heavy use , but they are quite liberal on replacing unless obvious misuse like burned on food . Call at 1-800-326-3933 for address . Just mail in -LRB- with tracking -RRB- . Takes about 2 weeks .
 I 've used this pan a few months now , and the non-stick part is still working just fine . I usually just rinse in really hot water , and wipe it clean . This pan heats evenly , and has solved my burning problems on my all electric stove , especially at the center of previous pans . I has nice square sides so the food is n't always trying to slide to the middle , so it effectively gives you more usable cooking space . One hidden gotcha , the manualy saw to never use more than medium heat , but it cooks just fine at medium since the heat is spread out better . You might need another pan if you want to seer something over high heat , however , but that 's probably true of any non-sitck coating .
 Great size allows me to cook a complete entree in one try . Distributes the heat very well . Pricey but worth the cost
 This pan is one you 'll love . It is heavy and heats evenly and the non stick surfaceis so hard and slick that I 've yet to see anything stick to this pan.We use it for stirfry and I 've used it for pancakes . For browning roasts before puttingthem in the Crock Pot . It has many many uses.The whole set is equally fabulous . I highly recommend this Anolon Advanced Cook Series .
 Super easy to clean and nothing sticks to this bad boy ! This is one heck of a pan , nice and heavy . I cook a lot and this pan has gotten quite a work out . After a year there was some color change to the bottom , but it has n't hampered the cooking . I love my Analon set , in fact I love these pans better then my Calphalon sets ! The food cooks evenly every time .
 This is a quality piece . I love the weight and the easy clean up , with the non stick surface , which , does n't get scratched by using metal utensils .
 I will probably add more of these to my cookware collection . This one puts the old cookware to shame . Sturdy , well made , easy to clean , heats evenly , and environmentally safe , it has it all !
 I like this for soups and reheating food . It 's just the right size pan for smaller size vegetable , or heating water .
 It was a replacement for my older 11 years pot of the same size . I am buying all Anolon as I go along . Great product .
 Had bought a set of the Anolon Advanced Hard Anodized Nonstick cookware , but it did not include a 2 qt . covered Saucepan.This size is something I use a lot . I love the lighter weight than the 14 yr . old set we had . The rubberized handle and lid are great.I love the glass lid and the nonstick finish is great ! Clean-up is very easy . I do n't use high heat as directed , but do boil in the saucepanwithout any damage being noted . I highly recommend this size pan and the whole set . It is less expensive than some of the more popularbrands , but I like the look and function better . I am a very satisfied customer .
 This cookware is highly rate and earns it reputation . We bought the 31/2 quart pan and liked it so much we immediately bout the 2-quart . Elegant design , solid construction , and very even cooking . So far the non-stick serface has been great , but it will be awhile before I know how well it holds up .
 Very well made and well priced . We have been using this brand for years and have no complaints . Highly recommend .
 I seem to be a Analon fan , as I have all Analon cooking pots/pans/griddles . The see through lids are just great too . Easy clean heats/cooks as good as it gets.Years of use and many more years of use . Only SS will outlast these cooking gear .
 Great Saucepan , Love the strainer lid . Have n't used it yet but have other Anolon Cookware . They are awesome , so easy to clean !
 I bought this about 3 - +4 years ago . This is the cookware I use most often .1 . So Easy to clean . Unlike the cheap non-stick pans which chip over time , this pan is entirely made of non-stick material . Easy to clean .2 . Handle and top lid are well-designed . Easy to use . Easy to handle .3 . Good size for 1-2 people .
 This pan is a great size for 2 people . I use it for just about everything and clean up is a breeze . I have even put it in the dishwasher and it comes out like brand new .
 You 're criticizing the cookware because you let a pot of water boil over ? Methinks the fault lies not with pot ...
 I have used these products for several years now and find them perfect for my needs . They clean up effortlessly in the sink . The covers can go in the dishwasher . The 1-1/2 - Quart is perfect for cooking for one -LRB- or two -RRB- . I had to order a replacement -LRB- it was part of a set I purchased several years ago because I knocked it off my stove -LRB- empty -RRB- and to my surprise it was no longer round ! This meant , of course , that the cover would no longer fit . The pot was not cheap but I considered it a necessity as I use it every day , at least once .
 We have owned this cookware collection for three years now and like it a lot . This year we wanted to add two additional pieces that were not in the original set . Construction and all aesthetics seem identical to the to our older pieces . We 're careful with our cookware but not fanatics , even so the original pieces are still in great shape and you ca n't tell by looking that all the cookware was n't purchased at the same time .
 THis pot is of excellent quality , attractive and handles very well . One small nit pick is that while the rubber covered handle stays cool , the metal ends that attach to the glass cover get as hot as the pots contents . Once you train yourself not to let your fingers touch them while removing the cover , then all is OK , but until then you can burn your fingertips .
 I love my anolon pots and pans . I have had my set for 71/2 years and have never needed or wanted anything else . This pot was an addition to my set . I have left food in them overnight and they still wipe clean with little effort .
 As advertised , this pot is probably one several planned acquisitions . Worth the $ if you want a real utensil . Only question is longevity and that will take time .
 Very happy with this purchase ... it is of top quality and for a fair price . Dang it does it clean easy ! On a value basis , it has exceeded my expectations .
 Just the right size for a can of soup or hardboiling eggs for whatever . if you have Anolon Advanced you know how good they are . ` Nuff said
 Anolon makes awesome kitchenware , and this saucepan is no exception . I highly recommend Anolon products !
 This pot is the right size and cooks well . I like the fact I can view the food w/o having to lift the lid . Cleans with ease .
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 Hot oatmeal can stick to the sides of some pans like concrete . The Anolon 11/2 quart saucepan is perfect for two people and is extremely easy to clean . The glass lid allows me to view the erupting oatmeal and turn down the heat before the stove is covered with oatmeal lava .
 The Anolon 2-quart covered saucepan is great . I love the rubber handle on the saucepan and on the top . It keeps each from getting really hot . I also love the glass top . It enables you to see the sauces , soups , rice , etc. as they are cooking . The product itself was sent quickly .
 Anolon knows how to make it right ... only caution I have is it is a heavy well made product you will use two hands when it is filled .
 I purchased the Anolon Advanced cookware set for my wife two years ago and it is still going strong . The non-stick surface is durable and each piece has held up beautifully . I will say , we do not put the pans in the dishwasher . We have only hand wash them so I do n't know what the detergent might do to the finish over time . But I will say that I am -LRB- and my wife -RRB- very happy with the Anolon set and have purchased extra items to add to our cookware arsenal .
 I recently bought a 10 Pc Anolon Advanced cookware set but it did n't come with a small pan . I bought the 11/2 Qt pan and I love it it completed my set . It has a great handle and I especially like the see through glass lid .
 This is my first piece of Anolon cookware , and it definitely will not be my last . While a bit pricey , it is an excellent piece of workmanship , heats evenly and fairly quickly , cleans up very nicely with just hot water . It has become my go-to pot for items like hot cereal , rice and thick sauces . The lid fits beautifully ; the lid 's handle will get hot during long , slow cooking -LRB- no surprise -RRB- , but the pot 's handle usually stays quite safe to handle -LRB- unless I let the gas flame get too high , and overlap the sides of the pot -RRB- . Definitely gets my evaluation of excellence .
 This little `` pot '' is just the right size for a number of jobs in the kitchen , and is VERY WELL MADE !
 My son bought a set of Anolon Advanced for me the Christmas before last and I bought some for him this Christmas . He is something of a gourmet cook and was excited to have them , as am I . We got them both from Marketplace through Amazon and they are fantastic ! Heavy - soon I 'll need my husband to help lift the larger ones ! - but this is an excellent product . Tax & shipping added to the expense but that 's the way it is ...
 This is my first decent stockpot . Previously , I used cheap second hand aluminum or thin steel pots , with expected results
 I have used analon cookware since 1997 . The handle came off one of the saucepans . Before I could return it , my husband tossed it out . I replaced the saucepan and purchased some additional items . They arrived in great condition and in a timely manner . I have used the pots and they have met my expectations . I would like to order some of the other accessories .
 I bought this mattress pad because we added a 4 inch memory foam topper on top of our existing mattress . I like that this pad added even a little more cushion . It has kept the memory foam topper in place and does n't pull up . Very comfortable , stays put , fits well . What more could you ask for ?
 The perfect addition to my beautyrest mattress . Not super duper soft like a pillowtop mattress , but still enough padding to make me sleep solid the entire night ! Worth the money .
 My husband got me this pan for Christmas after all of my Circulon pans wore out and it 's my favorite pan now !! It cooks well , nothing sticks and it 's super easy to clean .
 I bought this primarily for the whisk , I REALLY needed a nylon whisk . The pan and whisk are great . It heats evently , I love it . It did not come with a lid which was a little disappointing . For the money , they could have included a lid .
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 Whether you hate or love cooking , this is a great piece in a wonderful set of cookingware . I 've yet to find a better coated set of pans . Yes , they are expensive , but when you figure how many times you buy `` value '' pots and pans at Wal Mart and Target over time , you begin to see that real value can truly be found in quality and not just price . So about the saucepan
 I own a lot of very expensive cookware -LRB- mostly All-clad -RRB- ; but his Anolon saucepan is by far my favorite non-stick pan . I cook about half the time with regular pans and half with non-stick . When I use a non-stick , I want it to truly have a non-adhesive surface . This sauce pan has the most non-adhesive service I have ever used -LRB- covering 20 years of cooking experience -RRB- . In addition to great non-stick ability , the pan has a very good weight , with a sufficiently heavy bottom for good heat distribution . As an added plus , the pan is non-stick on the outside as well for easy clean-up . I 've never owned a pan as easy to clean as this one . I 've been using this pan for a little more than a year with no sign of degradation . Easily a 5-star pan for the purpose it was designed to perform .
 Currently this product does very well . For the price you ca n't beat it . Non-stick works exceptionally well .
 I bought this to go with plum , blueberry and black . These colors match glass accent tiles in my kitchen and they look great ! The shape and size of the small platter is very useful . I use it often . I would even consider buying multiple platters of this size and using them as plates for a definite intersesting shape .
 wonderful customer service . . initial platter shipped defective . . second platter promptly shipped with no defects . very good quality
 Two platters purchased to accompany the Waechtersbach dinner set - very nice quality ; black is very chic and modern for dining .
 We registered for the Analon Advanced line of pots and pans for our wedding . They are really great !!!! This grill pan is especially cool . I use it more than the other pans because it adds a little fun to the same old boring chicken dinner . I also like it for making sausage in the morning . It is easier than grilling outside , especially with stuff like veggies , and is useable regardless of weather . The only thing that would make this line even better is if it were dishwasher safe . I find myself procrastinating on doing the dishes when I have to do them by hand instead of just throwing something in the dishwasher.A great piece in a great collection !!
 Terra cotta is the best containers for cooking juicy , tender foods . This terra cotta roaster is no exception . The garlic comes out soft , moist and not over done , as long as the instructions are followed . The secret is soaking the lid in water ... DO NOT overlook this step.This is the only kind of roaster I will buy and I highly recommend it for connisseurs -LRB- sp ? -RRB- of foods well done !
 I love roasted garlic . Lately I 've taken to making garlic butter with 3 heads of roasted garlic and chopped up fresh basil.The only `` complaint '' that I have with this roaster is the size . Two heads of garlic is a tight squeeze with wasted space . A third head , broken up , can sometimes be made to fit.I would gladly trade mine for the larger version . But , if you 're not overly addicted to lots of garlic all at once , this is a great product .
 A great little item to have in the kitchen . If you ever roast garlic , this is the best thing going . Big enough for the largest elephant garlic , nice design , easy clean-up and pretty enough to set on the table or buffet . I own one and have given two as gifts .
 If you are a garlic love this is great ! I use lots of garlic in my cooking . Being able to add roasted garlic to recipes really does give a twist on flavor . easy to clean .
 I have owned one of these roasters for years , and recently purchased one for my daughter . It 's compact size leaves plenty of room in the oven -LRB- or microwave ! -RRB- for other things , and I have been able to roast two bulbs at a time , provided the bulbs are not too large . It 's simple to use and easy to clean
 I ordered this item so use in my microwave . It works perfectly and I am very very pleased with it.I would recommend this Roaster to my friends and family .
 I love roasted garlic and this does the trick . When I ; , not using it , it looks great on the countertop !
 This is a great seller . The product shipped fast and delivered on scheduled date . MY entire family LOVES this product ! YUMMY treat ! We use it all the time . Great price and I wish i would have ordered it sooner :-RRB- Thank you !
 Purchased this for my sister-in-law for Christmas and it is exactly what she was looking for . I was looking for a small one to use with one bulb of garlic , but this will be able to hold two , possibly three small bulbs of garlic .
 I love my Garlic Roaster . It came very fast . It was neat to be able to buy it on Amazon . I have told others . Thanks
 This set came with everything I need to turn out amazing pastries . I 'm not a professional baker - but I look like one now ! What I love about this set is that it came with everything I needed tucked into this great storage case . In addition to the eight decorating tips , there was a cake comb , a number of disposable pastry bags -LRB- which are awesome and I found out that they sell them individually here when you use them all up -RRB- , a cleaning brush , a decorating nail - and best of all a really handy book full of decorating tips from the chefs at the Culinary Institute of America . The book shows you how to use each decorating tip and what different designs you can make with each one , how to hold the bag , how to fill the bag , the ideal pressure to use , etc. . There are also recipes for various icings and advice on which one to use for what effect . Great set ! I 'm going to get a couple as gifts for friends .
 For a pair of amateurs , this is like having a professional assistant . Excellent work in making the pieces , explaining how to use , and presenting/packaging it .
 I got this decorating set for my daughter who is beginning school for Culinary Arts , in Pastry . She used the set immediately . It was easy to use the tips are very durable . I think this is a keeper !
 This is exactly what I expected . All items in one convenient clear package and not scattered in the drawer . I highly recommend this product .
 So far ... so good ! Purchased as gift for a cupcake maker who is practicing the art of decorating . Shipped promptly and seemed as described .
 4 Qt Saucpot 's are hard to find . This one is great .
 This is a great set of pots and pans . Not only did I get this set , but I also purchased about 5 more pans , and love them all . I was comparing this set to the Calphalon Contemorary . I went to various department stores to talk to sales people that work with both companies , and they all preferred Analon Advanced . These pans are truly nonstick inside and out . The only place where food gets stuck is on the bolt -LRB- s -RRB- inside the pan that hold the handle -LRB- s -RRB- on . The handles on both the lids and the pans never get hot . I have even put them in the oven , and they work perfectly . The only thing that has happened is the bottom of the pan where the flame hits it has slightly discolored . However , I keep my pans in the cabinets so it 's not an issue .
 I have used several brands of cookwear over the years looking for what I felt was the easiest to use and care for . I have had Calphalon , Emrilwear by Allclad and on down the line . The quality of this cookwear is by far the most superior cookwear I have ever used before . It heats evenly and clean up is a snap.I was also very impressed with Amazon as they told me to expect shipment on the 14th of February and I recieved my new pan 2 days after I ordered it.Thanks Amazon for the great service !!!!!
 I have waited about one year before writing this review to observe the performance of this cookware over time and ... . I loved it the first time I used it ... . and I still love it today ! This cookware is heavy duty and is a joy to use and clean . I love the nonstick both on the interior and the exterior , after 11 months of use , they look just like they did when I took them out of the box . This would be an excellent choice for the novice or the professional cook .
 I 've cooked with all kinds of cookware in my 60 + life and by far this is the BEST I 've ever used . I love the clean up factor and the sturdiness of the product . It 's like our `` grandmas '' cast iron skillets - only better . However , and I still rate this with 5 stars , IF you have arthritis or any hand condition which effects your ability to lift heavy items this is not for you . But for all those younger cooks just starting out - do n't bother with anything else . And for those of us that have cooked for years - you 'll love this product .
 After quite some research and deliberation I decided upon these pans , mainly because hard anodised is the bext type of non-stick coating at the moment , and also because of the Anolon name . The pans are great . Good , solid construction , and heavy bases . They cook well.One thing to note is that as with all non-stick you must use plastic or wooden utensils in here.The one negative is that the pictures on the Amazon website shows the saute pan with this set . However , when I received it I noticed that it came with two frying pans . Looking back at the item description it does indeed say it comes with 8 inch and 10 inch french skillets -LRB- frying pans -RRB- . So , the text -LRB- and contents -RRB- and photos do not match . Amazon should rectify this !
 These are the best pots I 've ever had . I think the first two months I had them , I said , `` I love my pots '' nearly everyday while cooking . I love the nonstick interior AND exterior -- it makes for such easy cleaning . It makes me wish I had one of those ceiling racks to hang/display my pots . It is SO easy to cook with them . I tend to burn things when I cook , but it takes real effort to burn anything in these pots . They 're heavy -LRB- but not TOO heavy -RRB- and conduct heat very evenly . I always handwash them -LRB- I used to hate washing pots , but now I actually ENJOY washing these ! -RRB- and never use metal utensils , so they still look brand new -LRB- except for the inside handle-rivet-things , see below -RRB- . In buying this set , I did have to buy some other pieces to be functional . I especially love the `` Ultimate Pan , '' the 3.5 qt . pot with strainer lid , the 4.5 qt.tapered saucepot , and the griddle.I 've had these pots for 6 months now , and I have only 2 complaints
 Let me first say that Analon seems to be fantastic cookware . I bought this 8 piece set for my wife a few weeks ago and I ca n't complain about the cookware itself so 5 stars for that . However , that being said , the contents of this set are mislabeled and have been for almost 2 years according to other reviews . Below is what is listed as the contents : ------------------------------------------------------------------------ This 8-piece set outfits a kitchen with essential pots and pans . It consists of 1-quart and 2-quart saucepans with lids ; a 10-inch , 3-quart saut&eacute; pan ; an 8-quart stockpot with a lid ; and an 8-inch skillet . This cookware carries a lifetime warranty against defects should be hand washed . -- Fred BrackWhat 's in the Box1-quart saucepan with lid ; 2-quart saucepan with lid ; 10-inch , 3-quart saut&eacute; pan ; 8-quart stockpot with lid ; 8-inch skillet ---------------------------------------------------------------------- You WILL NOT get the 3-quart saute pan . In its place you will receive a 10-inch open skillet . A rather serious downgrade but the set is still well worth the money . Just know what you are actually getting .
 These pans are great ! That said , this set does not come with everything seen here . The set that shipped did not have the 5-quart saute , but a 10 '' open skillet in it 's place . So , if you 're looking for that pan in a set , as I was , consider an upgrade or buy it seperately .
 I love this product . I have been buying lower grade pans for quite some time and the get worn and wind up in the garbage . These pans will last a lifetime . They are wonderful!I hope you love them as much as I do .
 Just what I wanted . I like the sturdyness without the weight . I love the glass tops . The handles are nicer than the Analon Professional which I have used for several years and also like a lot .
 I love Advanced Analon cookware . I have been cooking with it for over 3 years and purchased this set to replace another brand of non-stick cookware . The first piece of Advanced Analon I bought was the 3 quart pot with the pouring lip . I use this all the time for draining off liquids from veggies and pasta . Try it , I think you will be happy with the quality , the glass lids , and weight of this brand of cookware .
 I am very satisfied with this cookware.It is very high quality construction and heats evenly and quickly.The glass covers are also very convenient .
 I love this set ... I have been searching for pots with comfortable handles ... this is it ! They cook evenly and make cleanup a breeze ... what else could I ask ? Unlike many sets in the past , I have used each pot and love them all . I will be adding a few more more pieces of Anolon in the near future .
 I am an avid cook and a thorough researcher . I purchased my Anolon Advanced set almost two years ago , and could not be more impressed . I read reviews , watched reports , and even asked a few chefs what they preferred to cook with . My budget was 2-3 times what I spent for the Anolon set . Even though I have never cooked with the pricier brands , I ca n't imagine them being any better than the set I have . I have put most of these pans to the test too , and each time the clean up easy and are ready to go for my next culinary quest . I 'm usually not one to spend time writing a review for anything , let alone on a set of pots and pans , and yet , here I am . I used to be a `` Big Name Brand Name '' guy for everything from T.V.s to tools , never needed to read reviews or do research . Not anymore !!!! Anolon Advanced Pots and Pans are THE REAL DEAL !
 Pros
 We have bought several other pieces in the last six months , and have never been so impressed with cookware . However , we were disappointed when we received the 8-piece set since it was n't quite what was described . Instead of a 1-qt saucepan it was 1.5-qt , and instead of 3-qt saute , it was a 10-in skillet . I 'm not sure where to go from here because I also bought a 10-in skillet separately ...
 This might be a decent set of pots and pans but I figured that I would mention that the `` Retail '' price is inflated . MSRP from www.anolon.com is $ 199.99 .
 Since I like to both cook and eat , I appreciate/want good cookware . I wanted a simple set to start with under $ 200 that I could build up with items I would use . I definately wanted the hard-anodized for the even cooking surface as I prefer to cook at medium heat and also the ease of cleaning . I looked at mainly Anolon and Calphalon as they have very similar sets and ratings and even a similar look . After talking with friends I know that have the Calphalon and reading reviews , it seemed more people had problems with the surface of the Calphalon after a period of time . Three friends have had the Anolon many years , one began his set in the 90 's and still gets constant use !! I have no long term experience yet but can share my use of these to date . I have used the skillets for eggs , saute , braising and frying and have to admit to being self satisfied with the results as even the eggs come out evenly cooked . I love the 6 '' skillet for eggs and veggies . The sauce pans are slow to start yet easy to keep an even temp throughout cooking . I have used the stockpot for boiling potatoes , homemade soups and sauces . Again for me this is just the right size , weight and balance when you have to pick it up filled with liquids.The cookware is well balanced without being overly heavy even with my arthritis . The handles are one of my favorite parts , nice lengths - very comfortable and easy to grip if you have to hold while while mixing . The rubber works very well at holding off the heat . I love having glass tops and these are well constructed and also nicely balanced . They have a heft to them that I like and they fit just right on both the skillets and pans . Since it is a newer set the clean up is very easy and since there is so much information on the interent one should be able to keep the coating in good condition with just a few extra steps.I have already added my first addition in a grill pan and plan on making this `` my '' set as I go along adding only what I know I will use . This set is a great price for such an outstanding product and just the right amount of items to start off with . I would recommend this to family and friends !
 I bought this set as Christmas present for myself . I 'd gone to a local retailer to purchase a set of red cookware that a food network star uses . I was not that impressed with it 's weight or `` feel . '' My friend found the Analon Advanced and I was so impressed with the quality , but the pricetag turned me off immediately . Even on sale , and with a coupon , it was still pretty pricey . I came home to think about it and just for the heck of it I checked out the price of the set on Amazon . The exact same set was half price of what I could have bought it for at the store on sale ! I ordered , and as a bonus it had free shipping . It arrived very quickly and I have enjoyed using it from day one . I 've told friends about it and told them to be sure and order it from Amazon . The product is nice and heavy , cooks evenly and heats very quickly . Clean-up is super easy too ... . even cheese comes right off . Take my advice , spend a tad more than you would on an ordinary set and buy a set that will last you for years .
 Love , love , love these pots ! Bought this set three years ago and they are still my favorite pots/pans of all time . So what you have to hand wash , these clean up so easily . Cooks evenly , nicely weighted quality pots at a good price . I highly recommend these .
 This set of cookware is fantastic . I love it . High quality at a great price . The only problem is , Amazons description and photo is wrong . The set is supposed to have the 10 inch 3 quart saute pan . What actually comes with it is a 10 inch skillet . Very different pan and quite disappointing because that is the pan that I really wanted . Also one of the sauce pans was supposed to be 1 quart and what you get is 1.5 quart . No big deal on that one . I contacted Amazon and told them about the problem . They were able to make an adjustment that met my satisfaction . Great customer service but very difficult to understand.I did not want to fool around with returning the pans because they truly are very nice and I can live with the 10 inch skillet after the adjustment . Just thought I would let future customers know about the mistake on the sizes as Amazon has not corrected the description yet . All in all it is a great set and I am very happy with it .
 Awesome !!! Received excellent review from top consumer magazine . Only wish I had purchased the 12 piece set instead of the 8 piece . Bought additional pieces . Best cookware I have ever owned . I reviewed many sets including sets that were far more expensive and selected this one .
 I have had Meyer Corp. 's Circulon cookware for years and also Anolon Titanium skillets for almost as long , and I decided to replace my Circulon set with this . I 've been using the pots and pans for a few weeks now , and I 'm extremely happy with my purchase and would buy this product line from Meyer Corp. again and again . My only problem is with the wording `` 8-piece . '' I personally do not think of lids as separate pieces . Even so , this `` five-piece set with lids '' is worth more than the surprisingly low Amazon price .
 I love this cookware set . They are easy to clean and look very contemporary ! This is a good startup set to add on . Also , it 's a breeze to buy from Amazon . The order was shipped on the day it was promised . Great job Amazon.com !
 My wife loves her new pots for cooking . I do the clean up and it is much better than our previous T-Fal set .
 I have purchased many pan sets for my 5 children and myself . The last child was given these , when I saw the quality , I bought another set for myself . Great
 Due to great offers from Amazon , I was able to purchase this set with additional pieces separately -LRB- a grill pan and 5.5 quart covered pan -RRB- for less than the 10-piece Analon set . Excellent product . I have always preferred Analon over Caphalon for the value and quality . The Analon Advanced set will not dissapoint . Glass lids , cool covered handles , and most importantly -- even heating surfaces will add to your skills as a cook/chef .
 This is absolutely the best cookware I have ever used !! It 's heavy and durable . I ordered 2 days before Christmas and received it the next day , yes , Christmas Eve , with Free Super Saver Shipping !!!
 I got the order about a month.I use the 8 quart pot a lot for making soup . The sauce pans are too small for most of my recipes.The skillets works very well with eggs , not like the martha stewart 's nonstick skillet that I brought from macy 's which sticks every time I cook.These are real nonstick cookware .
 The saying `` you get what you pay for '' could n't be more true when it comes to this set . After 2 years of usage , they are still in perfect condition . The non-stick surface make cleaning easy . There was never a need to scrub them with abrassive material.Recommendation
 An excellent set , appropriate for a starter or an experienced kitchen chef . Heavy duty pots and pans , excellent nonstick surface ; quality all the way .
 These pans are an excellent value . They are well made and easy to clean . They heat evenly and the clear lids make covered cooking very easy .
 I use these in my High Dollar Lizard Boots and they are GREAT !!! The boots really keep their shape and look great !!!!!
 My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago . They have been excellent despite very heavy use from us . The non-stick still does n't stick and there is almost no discoloration . They are very easy to clean because the entire pan is non-stick , not just the inside . The silicon on the handle does an excellent job of protecting your hand from being burnt even at high temperatures.The only problem we 've had is that on a few of the pans the silicon part of the handle came loose . I submitted a request to their customer service department on the web and had brand new pans within a week at no cost to me .
 Solved my problem for making soup for 20 people or more.easy to use , easy to clean . !!!!!!
 Perfect size for boiling pasta or cooking a big batch of soup . 8-quart too small . 12-quart too big . 10-quart absolutely just right . The lid is tight fitting , the handles do n't get hot , the pot cleans up easily and the price was reasonable . Love it !
 My daughter and I just love our Anolon products . We have had them for almost 5 years . Best on the market .
 These are sturdy pans , nothing sticks in them and they are easy to clean up . They are expensive , but well worth the money .
 Great item and easy to clean . Well made and looks good . What more can I say ?
 This product was purchased to match previous pieces in a set . I love the size of the stock pot
 I 've had this set for about 5 years and I love it . The pots and pans are still in great shape . The set provides a perfect assortment of useful pots and pans , particularly the large skillet . I 've never had trouble with sticking , aside from a little sticking of some stew I boil forever in the big pot . I recommend them highly .
 This cookware set is simply wonderful and is a delight to use . The pots and pans are heavy -LRB- which I like -RRB- and very well-built . The stay-cool handles are an added bonus . I own cookware sets by Calphalon and Lagostina , and I have to say that the Anolon set is my favorite and the set I use everyday . I ca n't recommend it highly enough .
 I bought my sister a new stove and decided to get her another set of cookware to go along with it . The pots and pans she has now are from her wedding 10 years ago , cheap and thin . This set ranked # 3 in Consumer Reports , which I always check before making any major purchase . The price was excellent . She says it is heavy , heats evenly , and she is thoroughly pleased with it . Thanks , Amazon !
 Really enjoying it , esp the large pan with lid , great for stove top meals . Would consider the dishwasher safe set for $ 100 more . Minimal wear to bottoms of pans , but expected that . Little heavy , but good for your arms . : - -RRB-
 I bought this cookwear for my wife last year . It cooks well , it washes well -LRB- that is my job -RRB- and it looks good and we display it on a pot rack.We had bought some individual pieces of Anolon , but the 10 piece set is a bargain.Almost every time my wife cooks with these pots , she thanks me again for buying them .
 We order this set just before Thanksgiving and received it promptly through J&R Music / Computer World ; J&R also enclosed their catolog in our order ; in the catolog I found this set at the same price of $ 299 BUT they give you TWO ADDITIONAL ITEMS -LRB- 11 inch sautese & a 7 quart stockpot -RRB- for free - we called J&R and they quickly sent the two additonal pieces out free of charge - we were very pleased with their customer service .
 I have spent thousands of dollar 's , On Meyers cookware everthing from KitchenAid , Anolon , Prestige , Faberware , & Circulan , just to name a few . Though Meyers does manufacture very high quality pots & pans and I would recommend them to anyone it 's just sad that if you have any problem with them , under warranty , you have to go throught the chain of command , that never gets you anywhere , even if you want to speak with upper management about the rudeness of the customer service department . Their customer service department employees are always very rude and snotty and they act like they are doing you a favor to even talk to you about their products . Do n't get me wrong they do make good cookware , probably the best , but you as the consumer are at the mercy of their customer service and their descision or your fait on wheather your life time warranty is honored or not .
 I 've had this set for over a year.My husband and I love to cook . I had Farberware for years and it was time to upgrade to a non-stick . I had read loads of reviews of Calphalon , Analon & Circulon . Those were the high end non-stick cookware I was looking at.What sold us was the handles . You never have to use anything to take it off the stove as the handles are rubberized and always cool . We had another pan -LRB- Belgique -RRB- which promised the same thing -LRB- cool handles -RRB- but that was n't true.It is true that the bottom gets black , but I do n't have a problem with that as I want pans that can cook , especially since we eat at home every day and love our organic gourmet type food that we eat . My husband eats meat , I do n't , but that is not a problem with these pans and this set . When he makes Indian food -LRB- for instance -RRB- , he 's using another pan for the meat stuffs , while I use the another pan for the vegetable things.Cleaning up is not hard with these pans . I usually do n't even have to soak them.I do n't see very many scratches on my cookware set as others say they do on theirs . I would say minimal scratches have appeared , in fact , I can only remember 1 small one that I 've seen in a year 's use of heavy cooking.As far as oils in the pan -LRB- someone wrote a review saying not to use oil in the pan -RRB- , I had no idea about it . The person who wrote the review said they used Canola Oil , maybe that 's why ? I have only used high grade Olive Oil in the pan and have never had any problems whatsoever.Food tastes great in this set and yes you CAN stack it . In 2 stacks as I do.Overall I recommend this for anyone who loves to cook , or is just a casual cook.EDITED LATER TO ADD THIS
 I do n't write many reviews , but I am impressed enough with this set to offer nearly unconditional recommendation.For the everyday cook who wants a set that is easy to clean , heats evenly and stands up to daily use , this set is what you want . Super heavy cast anodized aluminum , big glass lids , a bit heavy but thats exactly what you want in tough cookware you use every day . Perfect for families with kids.The non-stick holds up very well on interior * and * exterior . The bottom is not coated so that heat from burner will not damage non-stick coating . The 5 quart pan is perfect for large skillet dinners . After 6 months daily use using mostly non-stick tools , hardly a scratch inside or out.You 'll use less oil , clean up with water . If you enjoy cooking fresh food every day give them a try . I bought mine at local store with bonus offer of a big rectangular grill for $ 299 . The grill is also great , heats evenly , no hot or cold spots when positioned over two burners , perfect for pancakes.We do n't put pots in dishwasher -LRB- so easy to clean by hand -RRB- , but sometimes lids go in dishwasher and they have n't suffered any damage so far . We have gas stove , but I doubt cooking surface will change performance.Have a small kitchen so I hang some pots from black metal pot rack / shelf combo I got from Pier 1 . They look great there and are within easy reach .
 I have never owned a good set of cookware before purchasing the Anolon Advanced 10 pc . set . I had always owned the cheap $ 10 - $ 15 per pan stuff you buy at Wal-Mart or similar stores . I was lucky and was able to find a deal on this cookware at Bed , Bath & Beyond for about $ 230 . The choice was either Calphalon or the Anolon , and because I got the free knife and the great deal , the Anolon won out.My initial impression upon unpacking was that this stuff was very heavy . In fact , I noticed that even the 8 '' fry pan was heavier than my largest cheap pan from Wal-Mart . Once cleaning and reading the care instructions -LRB- who would figure you ca n't wash nonstick pans in the dishwasher ?? -RRB- I set out to create my culinary creations.One amazing aspect of these pans is that they take what seems like forever to heat up . I attribute this to the heavy and thick nature of the pans . Once heated up though , they hold heat well and have very even cooking across the entire surface , even well up into the sides . In using the covered pots , I also noticed that water boils more evenly than any pot I had owned up until now . I must say that the food came out better than ever . Clean up was also a breeze and with a little dishwashing liquid and a washcloth , every single thing on the pans wiped clean . -LRB- just like you see in the commercials that never seem to come true once you buy the product -RRB- One word of warning
 I have waited an eternity to write a review on this set . I bought it in December of 2002 , so they are 3 years old now . I have used them on a daily basis , and all I can say is Wow ! They are the best set I 've ever had . You can do anything in these pans.I have taken care of them exactly according to manufacture instructions , and my set still looks almost new . I have one nick on the coating on the inside of the 12 inch pan , but that was due to my hubby using metal tongs in it . Other than that , no nicks , although the bottoms are a bit blackend , but they just look like the well loved pans that they are . Even after three years , they still amaze me.I have never had anything stick , and I 'm really not sure what the other reviewers are doing to make things stick . I have used only high end oil in them , and it does n't take much . I have also used butter and margarine in them . Eggs do not stick . I used the grill pan that I bought as an addition this week to grill teriaki chicken breasts ... and the pan looked completely burnt as a result when I was done . I just soaked it in hot water for about 5 minutes , and the burnt crust just came off in almost one piece.The handles work great , they NEVER get to hot to touch , although I have on occasion burnt myself on the metal part before the silicon part starts . The handles are just amazing , they are slightly ruberized , and easy to hang on to hot.I now find myself getting frustrated when I use other cookware in other peoples homes , I want to tell them that they have the wrong pans , and they need to buy these . I do want to try the advanced clad pans , and see how they work , but if they are anything like the Anolon Advanced , they will be wonderful.They are very heavy in weight , but I like this . I do n't like light weight pans , but if you have trouble lifting heavy pans , these may not be for you . The helper handles on the large pans do help with this a great deal.I honestly wish I could give these pans more than 5 stars they are that good .
 I bought this set almost a year ago , after having used a set of old-fashioned pots and pans for many years . These are a delight to use ! Sunny side up eggs , which always stuck in the old pan and were often tough and rubbery , come out tender and I love just sliding them out of the pan onto the plate . I do n't even have to use a spatula to loosen them . Even for food that does n't slide out , clean up is really easy.I did take the time to not just read , but actually learn the manufacturer 's instructions for taking care of them and follow them to a T. -LRB- My Dad taught me that if I take care of my tools , they 'll take care of me . -RRB- So they still look and work like new.I enjoy cooking much more now that I do n't have to worry about sticking . I 'm more adventurous , because I know that even if the food does n't turn out great , at least it wo n't be a hassle to clean .
 My wife bought me this 10-piece set and I absolutely love it . I had often dreamed of owning Calphalon or Circulon . But after using this cookware , I feel like we got an amazing deal and saved hundreds of dollars . We paid $ 280 . The comparable Calphalon One set was over $ 500 . This cookware has two features that were important to me that I could n't find in another set ... glass lids -LRB- I like to see what 's going on in there -RRB- and comfortable , easy-grip handles -LRB- this stuff is heavy and these handles make it really nice -RRB- . Plus , style is not sacrificed ... this cookware looks sharp on the stove top.All kinds of eggs have never been easier to make . Excellent heat distribution cooks all of my food evenly over lower heat settings . When I turn the flame off , the food continues to stay perfectly heated for a longer period of time . Cleaning is such a breeze that I actually enjoy it . Before you spend that extra cash , take a serious look at Anolon . I think you 'll be extremely pleased with its value and quality .
 The easiest pots and pans to use and clean . I have used them for about a month and absolutely no issues with these . They are well worth the $ $
 I spend some time researching to finding the right set of non-stick for someone who wanted to do a little more than boil water at home . My final authority was Consumer Report , who ranked this set very highly in terms of quality -- and it was cheaper than some of the more prestigious competition.I have been using the cookware for a month and so far , I have not been disappointed ! The non-stick works beautifully , although I have been trying to clean up quickly after use -LRB- this may not last long -RRB- . I have even sauted vegetables with no oil sucessfully . The handles stay extremely cool and the glass top lids make staying in control easy.Not necessairly negative but prospective buyers should be aware that they are noticably heavier than cheaper cookware.From my view , the only negative -LRB- minor -RRB- is that the two sauce pans are a little slimmer/taller than I would like , although total capacity is fine .
 10 of the most used items in basic household cooking . THis is the ultimate starter set . I 'm a bachelor , and with this set , I can do anything from 4 pancakes at a time in the 12 '' saute -LRB- I 'll probably get the cdouble burner griddle eventually -RRB- , to a single omelette in the the 8 '' skillet . The 2 and 3 qt sauciers are exactly what I need for pasta , potatoes , veggies . They have a nice heft to them , and the non-stick coating has worked flawlssly . Keep in mind , eggs always seem to stick , even on the best non-stick , so use a little oil or butter with them . Highly recommended . Get a steamer insert , and the 6 qt piece is perfect .
 I purchased this set of pans the day after Thanksgiving at 5am . I wanted a nice set of pans and did a lot of research . I found that this set was one of the better sets given the price , it was on sale at Bed Bath & Beyond plus I had a 20 % discount coupon that made it all worth it . It also included a Bonus set in which I received a 5QT sauteuse pan w/lid , a 7 qt stockpot w/lid , and a 6 piece spatula/spoon set . I ended up only paying like $ 200 for everything.I have used this set daily , I have a family of 6 and cook every single day and night . I have a gas stove and wow what a difference in cooking and heating . I had a cheaper set before and it did n't matter how low I had the heat everything burned in the middle of the pan . It 's amazing how well everything cooks , I can actually turn the heat up a little more and still nothing burns or sticks even with out oil . I can cook more and better then ever.I like that these pans are really quite heavy but the big 12 inch sauteuse pan has 2 handles and really is easy to hold on to with both handles . I like that the handles do n't get hot unless you accidentally touch the metal part up by the pan . I also like that I can see what 's cooking inside with the glass lids . You do have to hand wash them but it 's real easy to do since everything just wipes out easily . Who has room in their dishwasher anyway for such big pans ? I do n't even have 1 scratch in them as of yet . Overall I am really glad I was able to purchase this set of pans . I would n't trade them for anything.I hope you enjoy them as much as I do !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 This comforter went on sale in 9/04 , and I would recommend for people to find it at a similar price . A very comfortable comforter , that is just the right weight and warmth .
 Perfect , just what I was looking for . Price is good . This is a great product for a golfer that does not ware their shoes for a period of time especially if the shoes need to air out after usage .
 Bought this for my daughter at Christmas 08 . She loves it and says all the people she has used it for this past year have said * how special it was for their birthday ! *
 Give one of these to a very special person only , never give it lightly . They will keep it for a lifetime . I got one years ago and I paid it forward . I know the person appreciates it because when she is feeling low , I see her using it for her coffee .
 I really like Waechtersbach products and I like this mug as well as all of the other Waechtersbach mugs that I own . The only draw back is that they do chip . As long as I am careful with them I do n't have any problem .
 Perfect , just what I was looking for . Price is good . This is a great product for a golfer that does not ware their shoes for a period of time especially if the shoes need to air out after usage .
 After the initial charge , the Roomba cleaned 4 rooms of my house on one charge . When it was done , the dust bin was pretty full , but still had a bit of room . This was impressive to me b/c it got under the sofas , beds , and dresser which had not been swept under in a long while . It picked up all of the dust and dog hair from my wood floors . I 've been using it for a week now and my floors stay so much cleaner for much longer than if I just swept them . After that initial cleaning , I now set it to do a room a day . It 's wonderful !
 No one will ever be dissappointed in buying this set from this seller . It was the best service I have ever received from any internet vendor and the best quality furniture . It was also a snap to put together and looks like it was 5 times the price . All around great deal .
 We are THOROUGHLY enjoying all of our Jim Shore Halloween figurines - we now have 8-10 of them - maybe more , placed throughout the home at Halloween . They are fun and classy - a nice combination , as I like my home to look nice , as well as enjoying the fun of Halloween.The packages come well boxed , so storing them between Halloweens is very easy .
 Perfect , just what I was looking for . Price is good . This is a great product for a golfer that does not ware their shoes for a period of time especially if the shoes need to air out after usage .
 Perfect , just what I was looking for . Price is good . This is a great product for a golfer that does not ware their shoes for a period of time especially if the shoes need to air out after usage .
 My two year old daughter choose this table out and she loves it since she got up from a nap became a instant love it is durable an storage spot in the center is excellent for her car collections .
 My nephews and niece love this table and chair set . It is durable because they have n't broken it yet but I did n't receive any restickables . Actually I totally forgot I was suppose to receive them and I guess its too late to complain . As far as the secret compartment is concerned , I do n't know how secret it is when its smack dab in the middle of the table . But they do enjoy storing their toys in the compartment . My sister was concerned that they would spill juice in it since there is a crack between the cover of the compartment and the table , so the kids do n't eat on the table .
 I 've wanted one for a long time , but , like others hesitated at the $ 80 pricetag . I was so excited to find this for half price and it was worth the wait . The box , interior packaging , literature and unit were in brand new condition ... in fact I had to look through the paperwork to find any indication of the unit being remanufactured . Solid construction and smooth movement and more importantly DELICIOUS WAFFLES . The very first one -LRB- which I made as soon as I got it out of the box -RRB- came out perfect on the # 4 setting ; so did the last one . Perfectly golden brown , perfectly consistent , flawless non-stick . Timer indicator worked just fine . It beeps when it is ready for the first waffle and it beeps when the cylce is complete.I 'd love to do pros and cons , but as of yet , I have no cons!Don ' t hesitate if these are in stock ... they tend to go quick . Thanks Amazon !
 Never was a big waffle person but I like the throw big brunches so I thought I would incorporate a waffle station . Very easy to use , hardly any cleanup -LRB- just butter the grids a little before each waffle -RRB- , and makes them quick , probably every 4 min or so . I am definitly enjoying this unit , looks great too came in perfect condition . The only thing is once and a while the timer does not go off . Seems to be every third waffle so I keep an eye out for that . -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- But this is so worth the $ 40 .
 Relative was very happy with the product and I even got to try it out :-RRB- Waffle maker looked like new when I got it , and is operating very effectivly . Only paid $ 9.99 for mine -LRB- promotional gift -RRB- and free shipping !!
 WARNING
 I bought 2 of them , for a friend who has a small business , he liked them , and them 2 other friends wanted a waffle maker , and they both gave me money to order lthem online , . . all of them love this waffle maker . .
 Okay , the testament to how much I like this waffle maker is that I 've gained about 10 pounds since using it . If you are a vegan like me , you can find yummy recipes to work with on the web . Just do n't blame me if you gain some weight as well ! : - -RRB-
 This thing is GREAT ! I was also hesitant about the refurb aspect , but mine arrived in almost perfect condition -LRB- maybe a slight scratch or two , but nothing deep or serious -RRB- . I was sad at first , because I ` seasoned ' the non-stick coating , according to the instructions , and my first few waffles stuck horribly , to the extent that the waffle ` split ' in two , with each half stuck to each side of the waffle maker . I now realize that this was probably due to my waffle mix and the oil content , because I have now used other mix , including Bisquik , and get absolutely perfect waffles that do n't stick , ever ! I do n't even pre-oil anymore , just plug in , and let it beep to tell me it 's ready , and pour the batter on . Literally that simple . My machine beeps approx 90 % of the time to tell me the waffles are ready . Of note , my waffle hinge also seems a little ` wiggly ' , but it has never affected performance . It 's one of those appliances that COULD take up space with the fondue maker , breadmaker , rice cooker , sandwich griller , pasta maker , etc. ... but I definitely use this ! The kids love it , and help with the mixing of the batter , flipping the waffler , etc. . This has definitely saved me the cost of SEVERAL family breakfasts ! If it 's ever at $ 35 or $ 40 again , buy it !!!
 Absolutely perfect condition , not so much as a scratch or fingerprint , -LRB- and on brushed aluminum you can tell -RRB- . Free second day shipping with Amazon Prime membership .90 day warranty is n't as good as 1 year , but I 'm gon na enjoy the additional product testing to make sure I got a good one . < g >
 To the reviewer who stated they paid 79.99 for the same one a few weeks ago -- > read the title of the product , as the first word states `` Remanufactured '' which can also be construed as a refurb -LRB- refurbished -RRB- , BUT NOT NEW ! This product is sold at 30.00 less , but you also have to pay shipping . The new one sells for 79.99 on Amazon.com , but qualifies for FREE shipping . Hope this clears it up for you !
 My wife-to-be and I wanted to start making our favorite espresso drinks at home since buying them each morning from Starbucks made us feel guilty -LRB- spending $ 8/day on coffee = $ 240/month or $ 2,880 / year -RRB- . So we started looking into getting an espresso machine and a nice burr grinder for our home . Since I had worked as the manager of a trendy coffee shop/Bar/Restaurant when I was in college , I was already a skilled Barista . As part of that job I also had to read up on coffee types and the various ways to properly prepare it . This really came in handy as we began to research a massive variety of espresso machines . One thing you will quickly find out is you ca n't be stingy when it comes to spending cash on your machine -LRB- but think of the money you can save by making your own -RRB- . So I was prepared to spend around $ 350 for our new machine and I seriously considered the starbucks barista model machine -LRB- in that price range -RRB- . But then we came across the De'Longhi EC-460 . The machine did n't have very many reviews but it did have good specs , good looks , and the few reviews I could find were very positive . So we gave it a try . Wow are we glad we did . This machine is awesome all around . It 's got great looks -LRB- looks far better then models which cost 2x as much -RRB- . It 's got the cup warmer on the top , and an easily washable/removable water reservoir . This machine is ideal for making two beverages at a time -LRB- if you need any more than that and will need to make them in a second run -RRB- . What I mean is that frothing/steaming milk for more than two beverages at a given time wo n't work very well in this machine so you will have to make your drinks in no more than groups of two 's . The machine has excellent components -LRB- lots of power -RRB- and pulls an awesome shot -LRB- with perfect crema -RRB- . And the steam wand heats fast and is extremely effective -LRB- great micro-foam -RRB- . This machine is quality any way you look at it -LRB- without taking the price into consideration -RRB- . Once you take a look at the price-tag for this machine you find that it 's down right amazing . If you are looking for an affordable , quality machine -LRB- with really great style -RRB- to make tasty espresso at home ... I would highly recommend you select this machine -LRB- EC-460 model -RRB- .
 If you 've owned a Delonghi before and been happy with it , you 'll like this one too . We go through an espresso machine about every 1-3 years , as my husband is Portuguese and we drink espresso daily . This machine makes good espresso with a very nice thick crema on top.I rather like this machine . It does not take up a lot of counter space . There is plastic on the housing but I do n't think this is going to be a problem , and we 've owned this machine for about 2-3 months at the time I write this.The water bottle is easy to fill and large enough to hold several cups , and the espresso is good and rich-tasting with a nice crema . We do n't use the frother , so I can not comment on that . The hot plate on the top is not hot enough to heat a cup , but that 's never been a concern for me . The drip pan fills pretty fast , be prepared to empty it on a regular basis -LRB- but it 's easy to do quickly -RRB- I like the Delonghi style of coffee ground pan , you can take the bugger apart and clean it thoroughly , which you will need to do on a regular basis , as it will clog with coffee . The holes are large enough to clean with an old toothbrush.Here 's a tip on cleaning the coffee pan holes
 After much research , I decided to get the DeLonghi EC460 machine , and am not disappointed . Superb craftsmanship , quick start-up , ease of use , and nice crema made this a winner . I do pre-heat the cups and collection mug in a microwave before filling the mug , just so it will all be warm enough.My mocha is now as good as the $ 4 ones I use to buy at You-Know-Where . I also recommend buying a Terry 's Tamper and a 1-cup pyrex mug to get you going .
 A great espresso maker for the price . The espresso has lots of crema , the milk gets really frothy . Its a pump-driven system and makes a latte that comes pretty close to one made on a coffee house machine .
 The problem I have faced with pump cappuccino machines is the bad frothing system . I make micro-foam , and I rarely can find a machine that generates the steam pressure necessary . A lot of this has to do with the tip and shroud on the steam wand . A smaller opening generates more pressure . This machine does a great job with or without the shroud . I love that they are stainless steel , not plastic.The one draw back to this machine is the space under the espresso dispenser . I normally place two wide cups under the dispenser , but this one is recessed slightly into a curved alcove . So , now i use a glass measuring cup to catch the espresso and pour it into the cups after . The nice thing about that is that I can see the crema.Another issue with the machine is the instructions for pre-heating . The instructions are to run the machine until the green light goes out . But it goes out almost immediately , and no water has run into the cup beneath . I let it run longer . That heats the filter holder and the cup.The last issue with the instructions has to do with tamping . The instructions say to use the tiny measuring cup that comes with it . I bought a metal one and I tamp the heck out of the espresso . It still makes great crema even though the instructions say it wo n't . I also fill the grounds nearly to the top of the holder , and I make 8 oz . of espresso at a time . Bad on me , but it works great even so.I really like this machine and would recommend it to anyone who really likes to make cappuccinos and lattes .
 Warms to a perfect temperature and does not burn the expresso . Make sure you clean the milk steamer right after use or else the milk cakes on .
 I bought this as a gift and the recipient lives it ! Only problem is it came in a non-original box , with no manual , and not exactly clean .
 I bought the machine for my daughter , it is very easy to use , can make a small cup of great espresso , the taste will be diluted if you try to make more at one time .
 Ages ago on a trip to Europe , my husband fell in love with espresso . We tried a few inexpensive brands of espresso makers over the years , but he was never very impressed . This machine -- at a very good price -- makes fabulous coffee . The earlier brands we purchased relied on steam to brew and this one uses bars of pressure . Actually , it was reading other reviews and researching the difference between steam and pressure brewing that MADE the difference . Very content with this espresso maker . Looks nice on the counter too !
 We 're really happy with our Salton ice-cream maker . We 've been making low calorie blueberry and peach ice cream that meets the restrictions of a weight-loss diet and tastes fabulous ! -LRB- The high calorie chocolate etc. are awesome , too ! -RRB- It 's super easy to use , and in less than an hour we have a terrific dessert - even without going to the store , most of the time . Our only criticism is that it 's pretty noisy . We 're careful to transfer the ice-cream to a different container so we do n't scratch or dent the special mixer container you make the ice cream in .
 I have had this machine for about 2 months now and absolutely love it ! It is very easy to use and I have enjoyed experimenting with new flavors of ice cream . The instruction booklet that comes with it is very good and also has quite a few recipes . My only minor complaint is that it is somewhat loud , so that if I were to use it with guests over , I would probably put it in another room . On the positive side , the machine does turn itself off when the timer has run out . Also , the paddle will change directions -LRB- and make a noticeably different sound -RRB- when the icecream has reached a thick consistency and is ready to eat or put in the freezer . These are 2 great features that will help prevent damage to the machine . All in all , I am very pleased with this purchase .
 This unit does everything it says , plus is easy to use and to clean . One must
 This unit does everything it says , plus is easy to use and to clean . One must
 I love my new tea kettle . I have had several and been dis-satisfied with the way the whistle is much too weak . I need one that sounds the ALARM ! This one is terrific . I highly recommend it !
 This great kettle is everything you could want ! It even comes in a variety of colors . The no-touch , just tilt to pour , handle is a dream . You never need to worry about steam burns . We 've had ours for years and the only thing I 've ever had to do is tighten a handle screw once after about 5 years of use . It cleans up well , heats quickly and has a whistle you will hear.We boil water in it many times every day and leave it with water in it all the time . We 've never seen a speck of rust . Handle stays cool - no need for a potholder to pour your water . LOVE IT !
 I was hesitant to buy it online , because the previous one we 'd bought did n't open the way the first one did . You are supposed to be able to open the spout just by tilting it a little bit , which is great if you heat water for yourself , then want to refill it for someone else . But I did it , and it works fine . I 'm very happy .
 It is a little hard to fill , other than that , it 's a great , solidly built kettle . The pick me up feature works great . Keeps you from having to get close to the steam and burn your fingers . We fill ours from a water filter , which may make it more difficult , so I 'm still giving it 5 stars . If you fill from a kitchen , it would probably be just fine .
 The first time I used the kettle , I filled it too full for my needs and turned the gas up high hoping it would boil more quickly - obvious result
 It 's excellent , and much lighter than other models . It works just as well , but there 's no strain lifting the full kettle .
 This is the best tea kettle we have owned . I almost did n't buy it based on user comments saying it was difficult to fill with water . This may be true if you have a very large spray head on your faucet . However for us - take lid off teapot , place faucet near opening , and fill with water . The automatic spout opener is fabulous - good engineering . We have used it daily for 5 months . No problem with the whistle . I would not hesitate giving this as a gift .
 I can not understand why anyone thinks that they need to include a poor review when they obviously do not know how to use a teakettle . You ca n't turn around and walk away from your stove and expect this inanimate object to babysit itself . That is ludicrous.That being said , I have found , inadvertently , that I am able to walk to the other end of my 1200 sq. ft. home and hear this kettle whistle . Maybe others ' kettles are n't seated properly . That does make a difference!I love how wide the base is ; the wider the base , the sturdier the seating on the stove and the more water comes into contact with the heat.Also , I love how when you tip it , you get a nice , clean pour.I have had mine for about 8 years now and have never had trouble with it . I do not have rust spots at all , and I use it every single day as we drink Green Tea like its going out of style!BUY THIS KETTLE !!!
 I owned the oxo tea kettle model that was more expensive and bigger than this one . The handle broke off the lid on the old tea kettle and then this plastic liner which was somehow built into the lid came apart . I was hesitant to replace my old OXO with this cheaper and smaller model but I 'm certainly glad I did . This cheaper model is smaller and much lighter in weight and seems to be constructed more simply so that the broken lid issues that I had with the expensive model do n't seem to be present in this model . The brushed stainless steel is easy to keep clean and looks nice on the stove . Save your money and go for this less expensive OXO tea kettle ; you 'll be making a wise choice .
 I have been using this product for a couple years now , and have been pleased with its performance . The innovative spout lid may take some people a bit of time to get used to -LRB- opening by lifting the handle -RRB- , but it is convenient and well-made . The spout lid can remain open on its own if you want to stop the whistling.The contruction is solid and superior , like for many of the other OXO products . The handle is solidly attached to the body , unlike some other brands I have used where there were screws that came loose .
 A lot of the battery backup alarm clocks only provide for backup of the settings . If the power is out when the alarm is suppose to go off , you 're out of luck . This one is different . It has a backup `` mini-buzzer '' alarm that will go off at the set alarm time even if you have the alarm set to radio . I 'm in a situation where I can not afford to wake up late . It 's comforting knowing I do n't have to worry about the power being out and the alarm not sounding .
 I got this clock as a gift , and could care less whether it sets itself or not , I 've been setting clocks since I could walk , not a big deal . Most older clocks have battery back ups , so this is not a new feature.The thing that makes this clock worth the price even without the smart set is the alarm settings . Dual alarm , and can be set for weekdays , weekends , and a couple other settings . So if you are like me , and have different schedules on the weekends you can set one for the weekdays , and one for weekends . bright display , suprisingly good sound , a good everyday clock , worth the price , whether it sets itself or not . Setting itself is a nice feature though . As many others have explained , this is not an atomic clock , nor does it advertise itself to be . Yes , it is a `` Self Setting '' Clock , pre-set at the factory defaulted to Eastern Standard time in the USA -LRB- Mine was 2 minutes behind my actual atomic clock -RRB- . The set up is easy enough , plug it in , it set 's itself , then press the time zone up or down for the time zone you are in , then forget about it for several years . This new version does have the correction for New daylight savings time settings -LRB- 2007 versions -RRB- . Again , check this out , even my mother -LRB- who is technologically challenged -RRB- loves this clock .
 I got this clock back in 2006 after my old clock died . I did n't get it as a radio , as i do n't expect such small devices to have more than a passable radio . I got it because I was tired of my old clock resetting to 12:00 every time the power went out . I went looking for clocks and most on the market had wimpy alarms with chirping birds or other weak sounds that might be good for some folks , but deep sleepers like me need some serious decibels to wake us up . This clock delivered on both
 I just picked up this poster in Ocean City Maryland , love the movie , love the poster .
 It 's a simple design , but that works great for a smaller sized poster . I was trying to find something a bit different that DID N'T have Sean Connery 's face on it . This item does the job plus adds a nice splash of red to a wall .
 This is great , and my daughter will love it ! I am a big fan of Jim Shore 's products . The details are amazing .
 As always , this Jim Shore piece is wonderfully done and the colors are great . It is a very cute and sweet addition to a room . Would make a perfect gift for a grandaughter or for someone special anytime . What a great Valentine gift it would make !
 I 'd been wanting one for a while , and I was so glad my husband got me one for my birthday , especially after the Christmas fiasco I had . I needed to melt chocolate for dipping peanut butter balls , so I tried using one small saucepan over a bigger one . Twice water splashed in and the chocolate seized up and made impossible to work with . No need to worry about it now since the top one fits perfectly on top of the bottom . It works perfectly for melting chocolate and I also use it for making a white cream sauce -LRB- basic flour , milk , and butter for mac + cheese and cream soups -RRB- and it makes it so the bottom does n't cook too fast . The pots are good quality and easy to clean .
 I bought this for the sole purpose of melting cheese for homemade mac & cheese and it works beautifully . The design is elegant and sturdy . It cleans up like a dream ... even after melting notoriously sticky cheese ! It stacks and stores neatly in one piece as well . It 's deeper than I expected and held 16 oz of shredded cheese , 4 oz of cream cheese , 4 oz of velvetta and 12 oz of evaporated milk with no problem at all , leaving plenty of room to stir without making a mess . I will definitely get a lot of use out of this ! If a double-boiler is what you are looking for , you ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I love Steel Cut Irish Oatmeal for breakfast . I have always detested the clean-up afterwards because the oatmeal sticks to the pot like cement . My quest for a solution led me to purchase this excellent little double boiler . It is stamped from sheet steel and while it is Not Teflon coated , it is non-stick . The coating has allowed me to clean the pot of oatmeal in a few minutes , so I have achieved the result I wanted . The pot must be used with wooden spoons or some other non destructive , read that Non-metal tool , like maybe silicone . I use a wooden spoon and it does no damage to the coating on the pot . I would have paid far more to get the result , so I feel this little Double Boiler is a true bargain . It also will not tip when empty from the weight of the handles , a flaw I have seen in other double boiler combinations . I recommend this simple piece of inexpensive cookware because it absolutely works as advertised .
 I make a pretty large amount of hot chocolate in this during the winter . I have been careful with it and have had no problem with the handles coming off , as other reviews had noted . They do look a bit fragile , however . It holds a nice large amount of liquid , and cleans easily . I am pleased with several months of use .
 Smaller than I had wished but I still like it and the price was right !!
 I 'm a big fan of slow-cooked oatmeal , and have been looking for something to do the job for ages . This neat , light and affordable double-boiler does the job perfectly . Everything about the transaction was satisfying , and the oatmeal is swell too .
 I use mostly for melting candy . I bought this to melt colored chocolates . It is a small sauce pan , but does a great job . It worked as well as my higher end double boiler . The heat was even and the clean up was a breeze -LRB- even lbs of chocolate later -RRB- . I imagine it would work well for small batches of sauces as well . For the price especially you ca n't go wrong !
 Love the look of these chairs . However , the quality is not what I would expect from the price I paid . One fell over and before I could catch it from falling completely it must have hit too hard since it created a large crack in the back piece . Then I noticed another crack on the same chair , but in a different area . Since they cost so much , I can not afford to replace so just a little disappointed in the quality is why 4 stars .
 Very practical and cute when not in use ! This works better than any sandwich maker I 've ever owned . It heats up at lightening speed and perfectly browns the bread . A + product . If you 're in the market for a sandwich maker AND you like Hello Kitty , this is for you .
 Ok this one might be a total uni-tasker , but I love it ! Crusty grilled cheese and cuteness abound in my kitchen . Yes it is a bit silly , but for its purposes it works well . It does take a little testing to get the right bread and filling combination , but it is fast and fun to use . I have noticed that excessive steam over the years has caused a little discoloration near the heating element , but that is to be expected with wear and tear . I recomend this to anyone who loves hello kitty , has a little extra space in their kitchen for a dreaded uni-tasker , and want to harken back to those `` as seen on tv '' pocket food maker maker days ! BUY ! BUY ! BUY ! Hurry while supplies last :-RRB- ! ... ok maybe not for that last reason , but really it 's bang has been worth the buck ! Sorry Alton : -RRB-
 Good option for people too lazy to stand over a pan -LRB- like me -RRB- ! I got this as a birthday present , and I use it all the time . The Hello Kitty faces do n't always come out perfectly , but you can still kind of make out features - the sandwiches otherwise always come out good . Plus the sandwich maker itself is a Hello Kitty face !
 These new plush South Park pillows were manufactured solely for Target.com -LRB- here , as purchased through Amazon.com -RRB- , and are hard to come by elsewhere . I bought the only three offered , and love them all . They are completely different than an of the older South Park pillows , and much more comfortable than the inflatable type . They also have a really nice appearance . The only problem I have at all , is that they do not have a Stan pillow , for reasons I can not fathom . I have e-mailed Target about this , with no reply yet . So , they only offer three out of four of these pillows , Cartman , Kyle , and Kenny . Even without Stan , they really are terrific cuddle pillows , and look great !
 I bought 2 sets of the shaker and 4 glasses . We use these glasses and shaker quite a bit and usually wash them in the dishwasher . So far we have lost one glass after handwashing it , it just broke while sitting on a towel drying . We also lost one of our shakers as it developed a large crack in the glass while in the dishwasher . For the price , I could n't have gotten the remaining 1 shaker and 7 glasses , and the trays are really nice too . As long as you 're not expecting high-end quality , it 's a great buy !
 Honestly for the price , this item is wonderful ! I ca n't wait for my next cocktail party !
 Wow ! This is a steal . I martini glasses are not perfect as they have a couple of teeny tiny bubbles and the curved stem is not very comfortable to hold . But who cares ... the price justifies it all . I have paid more for just a simple cocktail shaker ! And it shipped free and was at my door in 2 days -LRB- with Prime -RRB- and everything was intact.I like that the glass is not too thick . I like my martini glasses to be wafer thin , tall stemmed and elegant , but those are usually in the $ 6-12 per glass range and have to be handled with more care . These glasses are a little thicker . The thickness is similar to the regular ones you buy for $ 2-3 at Crate and Barrel , Ikea or Pier 1 , but the curved stem makes them look cooler than the regular fare.This set is packaged in a white outer box with the product image and inside the whole set is packaged in molded styrofoam . The packaging makes it look more expensive . It probably would not sell for less than $ 12-15 at a discounter like Big Lots or Ross . At the $ 8 price you can pick up this set as a hostess gift or as a gift for office folks .
 I purchased this as a gift for my daughter for her new apartment . It fits right in with her decor and is so pretty sitting out on her counter ! She LOVES it ! Makes a GREAT gift and looks like you spent a WHOLE lot more !
 I was pleasantly surprised at this martini set . And , I was equally impressed that it arrived unbroken , thanks to the styrofoam packaging from the manufacturer and additional packing material in the Amazon box . Since I kept checking and was able to get the set for $ 9.99 , I went back and ordered another set quickly for the same price . I think that the set is well worth that price , but I would question anything over $ 20 . The glass is thin in the glasses and the shaker , so I fully expect to crack the pieces by accident over time . Also , the shape of the stems of the glasses is curved , instead of straight , increasing the possibility of dropping or mishandling . I figure that I will be as careful as possible , but I do plan on using the sets outdoors for al fresco dinner parties and think that at the price at which I bought the sets , they are much better than plastic .
 This set is a great starter set for someone looking to enhance their bar area . Or to be used as decoration . Do n't expect for it to be a well used set . The glass is very thin and easily breakable . The tray I was a lil dissapointed with . They call it acryllic , I call it plastic . It will make a great piece for your house . My first set arrived broken and used ... but of course , Amazon rocks and they replaced the set . You can not beat Amazon 's , Service , Selection & Price . Thus ... buy this and your satisfaction will of course be guaranteed . Buy it for $ 20 or less , your getting a great bargain . Any other price is `` OK . '' -LRB- speaking of the 8 piece circle martini set -RRB-
 This is a gorgeous set that is reminiscent of Pier One , IKEA or Dansk , and at $ 8.00 , it 's a steal ! Beautiful quality , well-packaged , and you ca n't do better for price . Target has these glasses for $ 9.99 per pair , minus the martini shaker or the tray.If you 're looking for an inexpensive gift for someone who enjoys martinis , this set would be ideal . It looks much more expensive than the price suggests and the quality is excellent .
 I bought this set on sale for $ 19.99 -LRB- regularly $ 50 -RRB- And at that price this set was a steal . Good quality glasses and shaker . The serving tray was very nice as well . The only problem I had was that one of the glasses was chipped during shipping . I chose not to return it at the time , because I did n't want to deal with the paperwork . At that price I was still happy with a set of three . I only plan on using two of them anyway .
 I ordered this set because I was in need of everyday sort of martini glasses . They are nice looking but made of lightweight glass . They are good for casual entertaining because for $ 20 who cares if you break them .
 My lil ' lady has been making Chocolate Martinis quite often for the last few weeks . This set makes the whole process really easy . For the price I paid , the glasses and shaker thing are a great deal . The glasses have this weird wavy handle thing going on but it adds style ! And by `` adds '' , I mean `` does n't really add '' .
 I recieved all 10 pieces in the mail unbeliveably in 1 piece . not only was everything in tact but it was here within 3 days of my order . If you are a martini glass collector like myself , this is a great buy expecially for the price . ive even thought about getting another ! Thanks
 What a wonderful gift this makes , it 's just as cute as in the picture . The different color balls on the glasses are great so everybody knows who 's drink is who 's . This would make a wonderful house warming gift or just a little something to bring for BBQ . There are many great things you can do with this set , even present dessert in it .
 Smooth Fitness Agile DMT TrainerThis is the best machine I have ever owned . The DMT has great , easy to use programs that give me the most intense workouts . It is a little big but I recommend this one for first time users and exercise enthusiasts .
 The glassware was just beautiful with subtle coloring and a martini shaker that works beautifully as well as letting you see the contents ! Unfortunately , one of the martini glass stems broke , either in shipping , or when I unpacked and then repacked it . I guess I 'll just have to order another set , because they are such fun and I do n't want to return this one !
 I love this set and It 's very cheap . Just one thing that 's bad.YOu have to be REally Careful with the glass . Do n't give it to somebody that gon na be trash after Cuz they will break it .
 I bought this set for a Christmas for someone that `` has everything . '' I was looking for something a little bit different and was very happy with what I received . The best part was that he loved it !! Thank you !!!
 I bought this for a gift for my brother in law in another state . I ordered two sets since the glass was so thin and some were arriving broken , so he would have a complete set when his arrived just in case . only one was broke and he loved them . I was thrilled the set was a hit.The set was beautiful .
 The glassware set was wonderful ! A friend hand-painted them and they were a terrific wedding gift . I received them shortly after my purchase in perfect condition .
 The martini set is very nice and the price was certainly reasonable but one of the glasses was broken when it was received . I called and asked to have one glass sent to me but they told me I would have to return the whole set . Since it was so inexpensive , it was not worth it to me to go to the trouble to send it back so I only have three glasses !!! I thought it would be much simpler for them to send me one glass !
 This item is very nice for the price . It would have received 5 stars , however , the glass is VERY fragile ! They are very thin . After the set was used the first time we had 2 of the 4 glasses in tact . They were broken while sitting in the sink . We were just not careful enough when washing them . I would purchase these again even knowing how fragile they are .
 GORGEOUS , THEY ARE MUCH BIGGER THAN I EXPECTED , THEY LOOK VERY NICE NICE PRICE TOO , MUCH BETTER THAN THE PICTURE .
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 When I was a kid , I 'd use sheets fresh out of the plastic . Now I know that giving them a spin through the wash gets rid of that rough , uncomfortable feeling . Once you do that , these sheets are a delight ! I especially like how the fitted sheet is a bit oversized with elastic all the way around so it does n't pull off the bed at an in opportune time .
 What was so great about these sheets is that I do n't `` feel '' them . All the other sheets I 'd had I could feel them against my skin . I do n't want to feel the sheets ... just sleep . And these sheets help me do just that ... all night long without waking . Great buy for some great sheets .
 We searched high and low for this style basket . It seems that retail stores no longer carry this syle , opting for the hip-hugger models . We were very happy to have found it on Amazon . The basket 's handle areas have been reinforced -LRB- a weak point on earlier versions . -RRB- Service and delivery was prompt .
 The basket is working well . The main thing about it was the clever way it was shipped .
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 I am very clear about my criteria for cookware . Pans must feel substantial without being too heavy , must heat evenly , must be easy to clean , must be adaptable to a variety of uses , and finally , must look good hanging in my kitchen . This pan easily meets all these criteria ! Since I received it -LRB- excellently packaged , as fine cookware should be -RRB- , I find I use it often , always with excellent results . And I love pairing it with the CIA steamer insert . Now that I am retired and have more time to enjoy cooking , I have begun treating myself to cookware I can truly be excited about . I am so glad I decided to purchase this piece .
 This is my first saucier , and I can say that it is a wonderful shape in which to cook . Whipping , or stirring with a silicone spoon , is so much fun when the shapes match!This particular saucier seems to do its job very well , with even heating and good heat retention . It is also , IMO , very attractive in a utilitarian way . The 3-quart size is perhaps too large when making a bit of sauce for two , but quite nice for something like gumbo or risotto . I think someday I will get the 1-quart as well , and most certainly stay with this manufacturer . The top for this pan also fits 1 or 2 other CIA pots . There is also a steamer/pasta insert available.I would also like to point out that the weight of the handle is NOT so much as to unbalance the empty pan , as happens with some of my All Clad pans that have difficulty laying flat on my electric stove .
 The oak wood is beautiful , and was very well protected in shipping . The chair assembles nicely , and is quite comfortable . This is a perfect companion to my Oak Desk ,
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 This is a great product . Easy to install . Has not come off yet . Keeps me from slipping in the bathtub . If you want strips to cover the entire bathtub , two boxes of 7 work best . Plan your layout from the `` center '' out in each direction .
 I had ` grab bars ' installed in a bathtub when an elderly relative moved in . The chrome bars were wonderful except for one flaw
 I had an old bathtub and it tends to get slippery . I was having trouble finding a quality strip and these did the trick !
 I have used these before . they are great to prevent slipping and stay in place a long time . a great deal , a good price .
 This product works great in our bath tub . . will buy more in the future Excellent quick shipping to Military APO ... product in perfect condition .
 Our physician reminded my wife and me that we are both at a critical bone and muscle time . Beginning around 65 to 70 years of age , many people experience a weakening of the muscular reflex and skeletal systems . The former weakening for this age group can lead to bathtub and slippery carpet falls . The latter can lead to broken hip and thigh bones . Additionally , the broken hip and thigh bone can actually * precede * the fall . In either case , the more traction you have , the less likely is the chance of slipping . When applied as directed , the strips work very well and appear to adhere very well . A next smart thing for us `` Boomers '' to do is to apply secure handles to help us into and out of the tub so that we can keep on rockin ' into our eighties and beyond .
 I put these down in the tub after cleaning it with an all-purpose spray , and then further cleaning it with rubbing alcohol , and they 've stayed attached just fine . They 're very grippy , so they do work as advertised . As others have noted , do a dry run and lay them out in the areas you typically stand in your tub or shower , and you may find the 7 pieces are plenty .
 This is a great product - used it on a textured surfaced tub and so far so good . I followed the install instructions and none of the strips have come off yet . I agree that one either needs 2 packs of the longer strips or one pack of the shorter strips -LRB- 12ct -RRB- - 3M Company # 7643 12PK White Shower Tread , also sold on Amazon - to cover the entire tub .
 Well , they are only some non-skid strips for the tub , and thus are no big deal , right ? But they are a big deal . I now do n't feel like I am ready to slip and fall every time I soap up . I am very pleased .
 Just had the tub resurfaced . New surface very slick . Bathtub strips do the job of making it safe to shower again .
 They arrived quickly , and could not be easier to install . Now we do not have our little ones slip sliding all over the tub .
 We purchased a toddler tub and it was extremely slippery . This product saved the day by being soft enough for my child 's skin while having enough traction to keep him from falling over . Great product !
 My bathtub has this horrible textured finish so suction cups will not stick to it . Bathing my son became challenging once he started trying to walk around in the tub . These strips provide the perfect amount of traction for him so that he does n't slip and slide all over the place and he can confidently play in the tub . Great product !
 I bought 2 packs to put enough strips down so my 3 year old grandson -LRB- as well as myself ... a senior citizen -RRB- would be less likely to slip and fall in my 90 year old footed bath tub . The surface of the tub is old and has a matte finish due to almost a century of scrubbing . All I did was use a degreaser to make sure all the soap residue was gone followed a few hours later by a generous application of rubbing alcohol . After that was wiped down and allowed to dry , I put the strips down in a way that would allow the water to drain away rather than pool . They 've been down for a couple of months and none of them have come loose . My grandson has a metal bunk bed with a slide at the foot . It has two metal steps up to the bed . They are SLICK ! I used 2 left over strips , trimmed to fit the width of the steps , and it is so much safer ! We are considering putting a left over strip about 3/4 of the way down on the slide because he often comes down so fast ... he gets a hard bump at the bottom . I can see lots of uses for these !
 In these 3M bathtub strips 7645 strips , I found just what I was looking for . I have a wooden step stool by my bed which is very slippery , and upon attaching the strips , I am completely comfortable about not slipping as I climb into bed ! Terrific product ! Thank you .
 We used these not on a bath tub but on our slippery floors -LRB- ceramic tile -RRB- to help our dog get grip so he does n't slip and fall and hurt his hips . Works very well for us too , laid some strips down in the bathroom where it gets slippery after showers too .
 Easy to install and it works great . Not extremely gritty or rough like I 've experienced with similar products in the past . Ca n't find anything to complain about , especially considering how inexpensive and maintenance-free it is .
 This was a great way to make the tub safe for our 1 year old . He loves his bath time and we did n't want to restrict him to smaller tubs and convert to the bigger tub later so this was a great option ! Thanks 3M for an easy to use product . Only 1 strip did n't stick : -RRB-
 As stated This is good for us so we do n't slip in the tub . Staying on for 3 weeks already
 They stick , and can be cut up into precisely the lengths you need . To adequately cover a bathtub , I believe you need two packs .
 Have you had trouble finding replacement Oral-B power toothbrush refills in your local store ? Look no further , for that have them here , and the prices are decent , especially on thisBraun Oral-B Replacement Fexisoft Brushheads EB-17pack of nine -LRB- 3x3 -RRB- refills.Have owned aBraun Oral-B Toothbrush Ultra Power Handle w/Timerfor about five years . Got it because my dentist said the oscillating action this model has was good to not only brush the teeth , but that it would scrub away plaque from between teeth and along gum lines better than my old ` up-and-down ' electric or regular toothbrushes.And of course he repeated that old saying , `` Two minutes , twice a day . '' His dental hygienist also advised replacing the brushes every three months , just like with regular toothbrush . That 's great advice , except what can you do if you ca n't find replacement brush refills?I did n't think that going to a grocery or drug store would results in such a hassle about finding replacement brushes , and I wo n't bore you with the details . But the brushes are indeed available right here , and if you check the prices carefully you 'll find that there are some bargains to be had , and in almost all cases they 're cheaper than your local store.They 're called ` Precision Clean ' -LRB- the new name for ` Flexisoft ' -RRB- and should be marked ` EB17 ' . You can get them here as well :9 -LRB- 3X3 -RRB- Oral-B Replacement Fexisoft Brushheads EB-17Oral-B Precision Clean Replacement Brush Head RefillOral-B Precision Clean 3-pack brush head refillOral-B EB17-3 Power Toothbrush Replacement Brush HeadsOral-B Precision Clean - 4 Replacement Brush HeadsOral-B 3 Precision Clean + 1 Interspace RefillsThese refills are compatible with most Oral-B electric toothbrushes except Vitality Sonic , Sonic Complete or CrossAction . If you have an Oral-B electric toothbrush that is noted to take Precision Clean , FlexiSoft , ExtraSoft , EB17 , or PowerPolisher brush heads , then these will work.As noted earlier , keep your eye open on the prices , as they do seem to vary quite a bit . Some are sold by vendors , but shipping may be free and marked ` Fulfilled by Amazon ' . You can also search here for ` eb17 ' , ` precision clean ' , or ` flexisoft ' and you should be able to find them.If you 're shopping locally , be aware that there are counterfeit Oral-B heads on the market , and they may be hard to spot , though the Oral-B logo seems to wipe off on some of them . They 're usually marked `` Flexisoft '' and have German and/or Chinese writing on them , and can break in two days to two weeks . The bogus brushes also present a health risk , especially for young children , as some have had the oscillating head break off or the brush part disintegrate . Enough said.Speaking of brush heads , when you replace your Oral-B brush , do n't just throw it out . Keep it and use it for effortlessly cleaning or polishing small items such as jewelry.Just remember ... `` Two minutes , twice a day . ''
 These heads are getting harder to find locally since Braun/Oral-B dropped this line of brushes . When I can find them locally , I pay 4-times per unit what these cost . And they are the genuine article , not some knock-off . What 's not to love ?
 I had been looking for Braun replacement heads for a long time . Then I found these that fit perfectly . I am very pleased with them . They have soft head for sensitive teeth .
 Sturdy , enameled finish . Not non-stick ~ That info would have been helpful in description but still pleased with product.Fast shipping , well packaged.Thanks !
 With all the hype of the Pasta Express on television , and in so many homes , there are definitely bound to have been a spinoffs . This is no acception , with the Pasta Magic . It is a very convient , and simple way for you cook anything from vegetables like brocoli and carrots , to pasta of all kinds like ravioli and egg noodles . It is very convient and easy to use . All you do is put your food into the plastic bin , place the thermal wrap around the bin , pour boiling water into the bin , and within about 10 minutes , your food is done to near perfection . Unlike the pasta express however , you get more than one pasta maker , you have a smaller one for convience for single portions , and for making frankfurters . If you want a nice and easy way to make pasta , than this is the item for you.Price
 These sheets fit perfect , easyto wash & dry well , they matchthe bedskirt perfect .
 Thanks so much , these were for my granddaughter and she was so happy with them . They arrived quickly . I would buy again .
 I agree with the previous reviews these are beautiful sconces they are generous in size the measurements in the description are accurate . Also to my surprise they come with candles the candles are a maroon color they matched perfect with my bedroom decor . Just to note , I ordered 2 pairs only 1 of them came with screws to hang up no problem as i have plenty of nails/screws so just have some handy just in case . The service is also excellent as I received these exactly one day after I ordered them .
 I am very pleased with this purchase . They look great and are of good quality . They came with the hardware needed to hand them .
 look great , especially for the price , nice size glass in the sconces , candles burn beautifully .
 Came with a coating of rust on the corners that did easily wipe away . Other than that very nice and the candles are cute as well .
 We are very happy with this purchase . It is the right proportion for our wall .
 Product arrived within a few days . I 'd been looking for this picture for quite some time , Found similar pictures at other sites at over $ 300 . I have it hanging in my house right now . Very cool .
 You would not believe how big a hit these were with my niece and nephew . I got them 5 pieces -LRB- after a fight ensued when I just got one for one of them -RRB- and they say goodnight to them at night and good morning in the morning having dubbed them their `` wall friends . '' I only wish there were more varieties available - I think these would make a great addition to the wall in any kid 's room . Plus , they weigh almost nothing and are easy to hang !
 The Haitian Metal Spotted Gecko was a Christmas gift and was received well . It is very cute , but a little rougher around the edges than some others we 've collected in person .
 These placemats were exactly what I wanted . I can dress them up or dress them down , depending on the occasion . The price was great too !
 Not only are the very attractive and elegant , they do not show any stains . I like them a lot .
 I have other Waechtersbach dishes and have been collecting different pieces little by little . The colors are deep and saturated and brighten up the table . This bowl is the perfect size , not too big , not too small and has a nice contemporary shape . Waechtersbach is an eco friendly company which is something I like to support as well .
 I love the color of these bowls . Well made , light , the right size for a bowl of cereal or other food items.Dishwasher and microwave safe . Try them I think you will enjoy these bowls .
 The color reflected on amazon 's page is exactly what you get with these kiwi bowls - and thank goodness -- they are gorgeous ! I love this color green . Very vibrant and coordinates well with other Waechtersbach colors . These soup/cereal bowls are very large -LRB- much larger than I expected -RRB- .
 My sister is a plate collector , and I purchased this as a gift for her . She was absolutely thrilled with the shape , weight and overall quality of the plate . I will definitely purchase this brand again .
 ... it 's a fun utensil with a unique purpose . I had one many , many years ago and loved it -LRB- I guess I was too lazy to flip my own pancakes , etc. -RRB- , so I bought one for my daughter this Christmas . She could n't stop laughing at the concept , but once she starts using it , I bet she will like it as much as I did .
 At a friends house for a pool party and I got elected to be the guy on the grill , as usual . When his wife brought out the spatula she handed me the ez flip . I was like , uh ok . I looked at it and did n't know what I was looking at . I saw the squeeze handle and thought this must be what operates a `` tong '' aparatus . I squeezed it and the spatula part rotated , so being curious I had to try it , and when I did , I was amazed at how well it worked . It did take some getting used to , I will admit I used it and did the traditional flip a time or two , but I `` squeeze flipped '' quite a few burgers and it worked well . This will be on my wishlist for Christmas for my kids to get me .
 A rather remarkable piece of equipment . Though it 's quite attractive it 's also completely functional and provides entirely accurate data . It 's the real thing and clearly intended for those of us who would n't even consider hanging a replica rifle over our fireplace . It comes with a calibration kit and very simple instructions for adjusting the barometer to local elevation and calibration of the hygrometer . The storm glass is quite fascinating . It 's larger than it appears in the photo and very easy to examine crystal behavior . It 's been pretty rainy here of late and I noticed that within hours of arrival the storm glass became quite cloudy with suspended crystals near the top with sparkles suspended below . Pretty neat ! Glad I spent the money for it , hung it in my living room and would n't hesitate to recommend it to others . The only drawback ... . I 've spent quite a bit of time since it arrived , standing , facing the wall , staring at it . Wife does n't seem to mind though .
 A beautiful weather instrument and a constant conversation piece in our living room.I bought this for my husband for our 31st Wedding Anniversary as a surprise and unexpected gift . It took me a few days mulling over the cost , but it has been well worth it , and the quality is exquisite . It was SO much fun it to see the smile on his face , and the hours we have enjoy together watching this beautiful weather instrument was well worth every cent . Great Shipping Service as well .
 This is my first steamer insert . I try to choose my stuff carefully . This piece is a winner , I think . The 18/10 steel is strong and well finished and the handles are riveted and substantial . It fits any 9.5 '' -LRB- inside diameter -RRB- pot or pan which has adequate depth . I like to pair it with my 5.5 qt . LeCreuset `` round French oven '' . Steaming is a clean and easy way to cook - relatively fast - can keep things warm too . Steamed potatoes for slicing and frying for the next day 's breakfast is one of my favorite things . Of course there are the other steamed veggies . Will probably last longer and be easier to clean than bamboo . The price is right ; compare it with others . Amazon has this item for U$ 32.50 sometimes .
 Not only is this piece well-crafted and sturdy , but it 's beautiful as well -- just a fine piece of kitchen equipment , especially for the price . Also , because of the design , this insert will be very versitile and flexible in its fit into many different types of pots and pans . Do n't know how I went this long with out it in my kitchen .
 I purchased this item as `` used '' through Amazon Warehouse Deals , but it is as NEW . It came in the nice factory box along with the booklet and even had the UPC sticker still stuck to the bottom . I am guessing it did n't fit someones sauce pan sizes and they sent it back , not really sure . I could n't find any sign of it ever being used.This is a well built steamer that should last as long as my All Clad pans . Not a flimsy item that has to be handled gingerly and straightened to make lids fit . This is plenty robust enough to handle normal rough kitchen use without any problems . I really like the riveted handles as well . It also has a very generous size to it that should hold most anything you 'd want to cook . You wo n't be disappointed purchasing this professional quality item .
 This piece was purchased to compliment the set we bought to use with our new induction cook top , perfect fit , lid fits nicely and it worked well with blanching good amounts for canning .
 Wow ! I love this insert ! I 'm so glad I found it ! The description was great and I could n't be happier .
 Slowly but surely I am changing to healthier eating habits and this steamer is a big help . Not only is it a beautiful piece to hang in my kitchen , but its generous size allows me to steam a good quantity of vegetables or fish . I use it atop the CIA saucier - a great combo . Highly recommend .
 I ca n't say enough about these sheets . We absolutely love them . I purchased my first set at Bed Bath & Beyond for much more than they are sold for here . But they truly are worth the premium price . Sealy 's Best Fit are the only sheets I have found that do n't shrink when washed . The fitted sheet has a very deep pocket to fit those super thick mattresses . And , trust me , it wo n't shrink even after multiple washes . We 've had our set for 2 years now and they are still good as new , super soft , and great looking . Do n't hesitate to get these sheets .
 I 'm a big fan of Amazon - when I can get a good deal or the same price as other stores ; however , I was able to buy these on sale at JCPenney for 69.99 - $ 20 cheaper then Amazon.com . I 've only had them a few days so I ca n't comment on the quality yet but they do fit our pillow top mattress nicely . They are a bit `` scratchier '' than some other sheets I 've owned but not uncomfortable by any means . The guy who was bleeding from using these sheets needs to get real . My guess is his wife is sick of his whining and is probably sprinkling glass chips on his side of the bed before he goes to sleep and that 's why it hurts so bad . I like the extra fabric in the opening of the pillow - hides the pillow from view .
 When we purchased our new Englander mattress , which is extremely thick , my old sheets no longer fit well & would pop off easily . I first purchased some 600 tc oversize Egyptian cotton sheets from Linens n Things . I washed & dried them on delicate cycle then tried to put them on the bed . They were stiff as a board -LRB- in spite of fabric softener -RRB- , wrinkled so badly they needed ironing , and shrunk so severely I could n't even get them on the mattress . Yes , the were returned immediately for a full refund . Then I purchased my 330 tc sateen Sealy sheets at a JC Penney 50 % off linens sale , so the price was quite reasonable in my opinion . The fit is incredible - no more struggling to get the bottom sheet on . I find them to be quite soft & comfortable , and I am extremely picky about the softeness of sheets . They are not as soft as my 400 tc sateen sheets from Kohl 's but those have admittedly been washed over 100 times so no surprise there . These sheets also do n't wrinkle as badly as many others I 've tried . I will definitely buy these again but will probably try the 400 tc next time . My only `` complaint '' ? Wish they came in an off-white or winter white color .
 Love the feel of the sheets . However , first time I put them on my deep mattress the elastic broke . Now the bottom sheet does n't stay tucked in . Maybe these sheets were defective . Just did n't want to package back up and send in for an exchange .
 Ever since I got my plush new mattress , I have been unable to find sheets that fit , even sheets that cost me over $ 250 . for a set . Every time I changed the sheets it was like having a wrestling match with one corner of the fitted sheet never fully covering . With the Sealy sheets it is 99 % better . The maternity-like stretchy material at the top and bottom of the sheet make it much easier to do . Hoorah !!
 best sheets ever , love the fabric , fits my Temperputic mattress great !!
 i love my new sheets . They 're soft a pretty and they come in every size
 I really like high count Egyptian cotton , but they are extremely expensive and hard to find for extra thick mattresses . I bought a set of the SEaly Best Fit 330-thread count cotton sateen sheets years ago and have been amazed at how they feel soft , yet sturdy , like Egyptian cotton even at the much lower thread count . And they stay put on my very thick pillow top mattress ! I just bought my second set and they are exactly the same ... wonderful to sleep on and a perfect fit . you can not go wrong with the price or quality .
 These sheets go on easy and stay on . The fitted sheet fits my deep mattress with ease and stays on till you take it off . I will never buy anyother brand of sheets for my bed .
 I have been using these sheets for about 3 years now . Highly rated in CR . I just replaced the ones I bought back then and they are not what they used to be . Stitching is not as clean around the seems and the spandex tops and bottoms which I really like are now made with a cheaper material . I called Sealy on this and to there credit they admitted it was true . Still a good sheet for the money , feel comfy and stay on the mattress .
 It is hard to believe that one sheet can fit those super thick mattresses AND a super thin latex mattresses . We own a 7 inch thick latex California King mattress . I have looked for over a year for sheets that would stay on the bed . We were so tired of the Shar-pei sheet syndrome . No more wrinkled and baggy sheets . We like them so much I am ordering our second set today.And yes the fabric washes up well and feels nice . So if there is anyone out there looking for sheets that fit a low profile mattress give these a try.T . Hoover
 Extremely satisfied with the fit , feel and quality of these sheets . I have a high king-size mattress -- 18 inches -- and these Sealy sheets have provided the best fit of all that I have tried . They feel luxurious , too , and I especially like the oversized top sheet .
 i got the purple sheets and love them . They fit perfectly over my King Koil pillow-top , and yes , they are soft . Not the super-softest sheets you can get , like the very expensive ones you can get at Bed Bath and Beyond , but for the price they are quite good . Plus the color is deep and true .
 These are the only sheets I can find that actually stay on my bed . I have the opposite problem as my mattress is NOT 15 '' and all sheets are made for thick mattresses . The elastic panels on the ends helps to keep the sheets in place . They do wrinkle in the dryer but who cares cuz no one sees them when they are on the bed .
 We have used these sheets -LRB- several sets -RRB- over the past 7 years . The elastic gusset on the side -LRB- king size -RRB- keeps the sheets in place and is an excellent idea . They are the only sheets I 've found that fit this size mattress ... but I would buy them even if we had a thinner mattress . Great value !
 Nice and smooth texture ; the sheets always stay in place because of the spandex corners . A +
 THESE SHEETS ARE SOFT , BEAUTIFUL COLOR AND PURE JOY . WASH UP EASILY AND LOOK JUST AS GOOD AS THEY DID WHEN PURCHASED .
 I did research to find bottom sheets that would not slip off the bed corners . These are the ones ! I bought my first set directly from the Sealey company . At first , I would wash my original set and put them right back on . They are tight-no slipping . I 've had them for over a year now . They still feel so soft and have not lost the ability to stay put . A real keeper ! I am building my sets to be at least 4 .
 Sheets are soft and fit well to the bed , even after washing . Very happy with what I got for the price and I would purchase again .
 These sheets are really nice . We have a very deep mattress and I could n't find sheets that would n't keep coming off the corners of the mattress . These stay on all week without any trouble at all . Plus , they are very soft . Definitely would recommend these . In fact , after the first set , I ordered a second set .
 These sheets do n't slip or slide . They stay in place . I love the pillowcases , too !
 Anyone that wants comfortable sheets at a reasonable price that fits great , you should buy the sealy best fit sheets . This is my second set and I will continue to buy them ! I have a california king over sized 20 '' mattress and these sheets fit wonderful . You will not be disappointed !
 Sheets fit our new mattress and are comfortable . We 're happy with our purchase .
 I LOVE these sheets . My husband bought them for $ 200 at Bed Bath & Beyond before we started dating , and I made fun of him for spending so much money on sheets . After sleeping on these sheets for 3 years , I have to say that I would spend the $ 200 all over again -- but I 'm glad they 're cheaper on Amazon ! They have a very silky appearance and feel and are relatively lightweight , which means we do n't get wrapped up in them . Best of all is the elastic on the fitted sheet -- no more fighting with the sheets or having them creep up night after night . I also love the unique design of the pillow cases ! These sheets have shown little if any wear in three years , and I 'm getting ready to buy a set for our new king-size bed . I ca n't wait .
 These sheets are a definite value . Very soft sheets with a fitted sheet that always STAY on the bed . I 'm addicted . I own four sets of these and additional pillowcases for the extra pillows . I even purchased a set for my mother .
 Simply an amazing and comfortable set of sheets with plenty of room for the higher mattresses of today . They are soft , do n't wrinkle when dried and the color -LRB- Navy -RRB- is perfect for my needs .
 These are the best sheets I have ever owned ! They are so soft and they fit my pillow top mattress incredibly well . I highly recommend these sheets . Thank you Sealy !!!
 I have one of those super deep 20 '' mattress -LRB- yes , I measured it with a measuring tape . -RRB- I have tried a total of 6 sets of sheet made for deep mattresses over the years -LRB- some costing over $ 250 -RRB- , with and without those additional hooked-on elastic straps , and NONE of them fit or stayed on ! These are the first brand of sheets that actually fit my mattress all by itself without additional attachements , and even with room to give without making the mattress looking like it is going to burst under the fitted sheet!The feel of the fabric and weave is good but not nearly the best out there . It is single ply and quite thin . Howevere , it is still quite smooth and soft with a satin finish . Uncertain why one of the reviewers has to exaggerate with a comment such as `` Ouch ! '' . If you find these sheets so rough that they hurt your skin , you would not be able to tolerate wearing underwear or any other types of clothing . Unless you are medically diagnosed with Reflex Symphatheic Dystrophy , this reveiwer 's comment is just ridiculous and seeking attention and drama . Go get an epidural shot if you have such bad RSD . . Color is great -LRB- tan , sage -RRB- and fits most modern decor . The darker ones I am not so sure if they are as tasteful . . Overall , great value . These would fit any mattress !
 I 'm surprised that one reviewer did n't like the fabric . I love it . It is soft cotton sateen , and I 've had no problems after washing it for the last two years that I 've had it . It 's as soft as new . The best fit is excellent ; well worth it . So I bought a spare when it was on sale ! I highly recommend it .
 The Sealy Best Fit 330 t/c King Sheet Set was awesome ! The fit was perfect for my very deep pillow top mattress , they washed up beautiful with out many wrinkles and they are very soft and very well made . I was very impressed and felt like I had really found a very very good value .
 These were the best investment ever ! We have a celebrity tempurpedic mattress and with it 's height have had a lot of trouble with even deep pocket sheets staying on the bed . These actually stay on the mattress and are extremely comfortable .
 I was very happy wiyh this set . It is very high quality material and workmanship . I would buy another one .
 Bought these blankets for use at my mountain cabin where it can get quite cold . I love wool for its warmth , durability , and the fact that it does n't lose it 's warmth even when damp/wet . I will be buying some more to keep in my jeep and truck .
 Blanket seems to be very nice , heavy duty quality . We are using this as a fire blanket and so I can not speak to comfort or warmth , but it will fit our needs perfectly - it is 70 % wool and as such is fire retardant . I did not notice any foul odors . The color is a very dark gray , almost black . I actually prefer this color over what I was expecting . Great product for the price - very pleased with the blanket . Shipping did seem to take a long time compared to other amazon orders , but not unreasonable - a little more than a week .
 The blankets did have a strong chemical smell and needed to washed three times with Oxiclean and plenty of fabric softener in cold water , after air drying in the sun the two blankets I bought they are great . I give the blankets four stars for the price and the size -LRB- a perfect size for a queen-size memory foam mattress , used under the fitted sheet to keep from overheating .
 I bought this blanket to make a cloak for the SCA . However , the last time I camped it got down in the 40s and it came in exceptionally HANDY in keeping my wife and I warm as an auxiliary blanket . We just tossed it on top of our fleece blanket and it provided the much needed insulation.Note , when it arrived it smelled rather bad , like it is supposed to , based on the treatment to ensure it 's fire retardant properties , but after one wash it was just fine .
 I got the blanket for a primitive skills course and decided to test it out in the woods . It works extremely well , i only had it and a fleece jacket as protection from the cold and to my surprise I slept through to the coldest part of the night in a shelter . The blanket rocks , I love the thing and I ca n't wait to make it into a coat .
 On the cold winter nights I needed one more blanket layer for my double bed . This simple plain wood blanket was cost-effective answer . Good value .
 yes the item does come kinda smelly . if you put in the washer/dryer you 'll get lint everywhere . tag says dry clean only . i got two blankets . These are good for just sitting on the couch to stay warm .
 I gave this as a Christmas present and the gift certainly delivered . My family found it hilarious and though it was a funny gift , my mother uses it and finds the quality to be great .
 I bought this set a month ago from amazon.com and I 've been using it everyday . I must stay it is the best cookware set I 've ever owned . I really enjoy cooking with it , the clean up is VERY EASY , everything comes off right away , no scrubbing is needed ! I wish I had bought 10 piece set ... I highly recommend it !
 I am very pleased with this set . It contains just enough pieces to replace some of my existing old pans , and not too many useless pans like in other larger sets . The quality is wonderful - the nonstick is great , cleans off easily even when I do n't wash right after cooking , and seems pretty resilient.I love the stainless steel finish - gives these pots a luxurious look . You do haveh to be more careful about not leaving prints on the outside but they are very easily cleaned and dried with a soft cloth . The handles do not get hot , and neither do the lid handles . The pieces themselves are a good weight - not as light as some of my older farberware pots but not as heavy as my cast-iron calphalon pieces.I have not used these in the dishwasher - even if the instructions say dishwasher-safe , nonstick pans never last long being washed in the dishwasher.I got this set with the $ 25 kitchen and housewares discount , plus another $ 50 gift certificate . At $ 50 for the set , it was a steal !
 So far I am very pleased with this cookware . Everything I have tried has cooked evenly and quickly , the cookware is sturdy but not too heavy to handle , the nonstick surface works well , cleanup is very easy . The number of items in this set is just right for someone who does basic cooking for one or two people . The price from this vendor was very good , as well , making this set an excellent value for the money .
 This set was given as a wedding gift . The recipients are pleased at the quality and number of pieces in the set .
 Another great rock photo by the great photographer Anton Corbijn -LRB- U2 and Joshua Tree -RRB- capturing the desolation of the Las Vegas home of The Killers and the four amazing artists who make up the band .
 Product arrived within a few days . I 'd been looking for this picture for quite some time , Found similar pictures at other sites at over $ 300 . I have it hanging in my house right now . Very cool .
 item did what I brought it for . I am happy with it . I do not really like putting words down just because you require it . Do n't ask for reviews if you are going to tell people how to do it ... , .
 I 've purchased these from my local plumber years ago but they just seem to disapper . These are small however , if needed , they do the job at hand ! I like to have one for the toilet and a separate one for use in the sink/bathtub . I keep them sprayed down and clean with Lysol spray and place them securely in a clear small clean trash bag and place the plunger for the toilet behind the toilet where it belongs . It automatically presents a clean look and environment in my bathroom ! I have never wanted or cared for the normal standard sized plungers that are for standard purchase . I think it looks beyond nasty ! These small but very functional plungers have a hard durable clear handle which adds to the ` clean ' look that no other plungers will ever have !! I love these and they were worth every penny !!
 It will be the odd person who stumbles across this review and actually appreciates it , but here goes . After 48 years , the rubber on my old plunger was dry , brittle , and discolored ; it made far too much noise in use ! What 's this , you ask ? Better I should just cut to the chase and admit my motive for purchase up front
 While I 'm sure you can do better for twice the price , this is a really nice set if you like clean , modern design and functionality . An unanticipated benefit of the sugar bowl being so wide-rimmed is that sugar tends to spill back into the bowl rather than out if your spoon technique gets sloppy . Very good quality glaze and just the right weight and balance for both pieces , and the included spoon with the sugar bowl is another nice touch . Great set .
 Given the recent reports on the potential health risk from non-stick cookware , my family decided to go stainless . I liked the performance of clad cookware but reckoned that it might not be a wise choice financially to go all out with All-Clad before I have my own cooking show . The candidates came down to 3 product lines , Anolon Advanced Clad , J.A. Henckels International Classic Clad and Cuisinart Multiclad Pro . The best price I could find for them were all under $ 200 for 7 pieces , with Anolon having 10 pieces . Being all constructed in full clad , they seem to differ mostly in the handle design before I can do a performance comparison.Henckels has a huge and unconventional handle . My first impression was it might not fit in my kitchen well . However , it was not until recently that I tried one at a local store . The pan balances well and has one of the most comfortable handles that I ever put my hands on . However , my family needs a larger stock pot and the included 6-quart one does n't really serve our need.Anolon has a silicon rubber handle . It 's said to withstand the high heat in the oven . However , due to aesthetic preference and concerns about putting synthetic materials in high heat along with food , we decided to go with the Cuisinart set . In the meantime , we separately bought an Anolon Advanced Clad 12 '' stir fry pan.The Cuisinart set is a very well made traditional tri-ply cookware with all metal handles . The built differences between Cuisinart and All-Clad is so insignificant to me that it makes the several-hundred-dollar saving and having a set of quality stainless steel cookware set truly a joy . The finish of the Cuisinart pans was superior to the Anolon stir fry pan . However , Anolon 's silicon rubber handle obviously is more functional and practical than metal handles since it never becomes slippery or hot in your day-to-day use . I guess this would come down to a personal preference.The pans both brown well and distribute heat quickly and evenly . The cleaning is also a breeze as long as you heat the pans briefly before cooking . Overall , I 'm very satisfied with this purchase .
 The pan sizes are great for the everyday meals that I usually cook , although most folks will need to add a 10-12 inch saute pan . The rims are great for pouring and the handles actually stay cool stove top . Sticking and clean up have not been a problem . I would say that the pans create too little fond . The skillet is also a little slow to regain temperature after adding thicker cuts of meat . The main concern is an issue with the stainless steel interiors . There are specs of dull metal -LRB- exposed aluminum ? -RRB- developing on the interior of the pots except the skillet . One sauce pan actually has a finger sized spot of exposed aluminum near the lip that I did n't see when I first examined them . The interiors of the pots except the skillet , easily discolor from heat but recuperate a little after consecutive uses . I called Cuisinart about the exposed aluminum . The rep had a scripted answer for my concern so it seems this may be a common problem . The expense of sending the pots to them for repair or replacement and being without pots for that time prohibits any warranty fulfillment . I 'm leery about the cooking surfaces of pots and pans so I hope the problem does n't get worse and food begins to stick or worse the aluminum begins to break down and leech into the food . Also , the exterior that is not `` brushed '' is easily marred and scratched which might matter to someone interested in exhibiting them . Overall , these are `` okay '' for the money . Especially since one All-Clad piece can cost as much as I paid for this set.At under $ 200 the price was good , but for someone from my socio-economic background it 's still a lot to spend on pots and pans . I 'd rather not spend that much on fallible materials .02 / 23/2010 - Two years later , still going strong . I still ca n't make an omelet in the fry pan , but an eco-pan non stick should do the trick there . There 's no further damage than initially discovered . I 'd say these were definitely worth the money . No dents or dings , no permanent burnt on food . Do n't know why Cooks Illustrated has n't included them in testing . I think some of my original thoughts were buyers remorse because I 'm very happy with this set now .09 / 15/2010 - Still going strong . Love 'em more than ever .
 I 've been using this stuff almost daily since I got married two and a half years ago . We could n't bear to ask our friends and family to buy us overpriced cookware , but we wanted high performance , so we registered for this instead . No regrets . Though you 'll need more pans than this eventually , I have zero complaints for this as a starter set .
 Based on many favorable reviews all over the web , I took the plunge and purchased the 7-piece set of Cuisinart MultiClad Pro + 2 open stock casserole pans . Almost 30 years ago , my mother bought me a beautiful set of Belgique Gourmet cookware -LRB- made in Belgium -RRB- . It 's a great set , I 'm still using it and it 's still going strong , but the present-day Belgique cookware is not nearly the same quality as what I have . So why did I want to purchase another set of cookware ? I have 3 daughters still living at home who will soon move out and need cookware . I 'd like to pass the Belgique to one of them and have a new set for myself.This set consists of the following :1.5 Qt . saucepan with lid3 Qt . saucepan with lid8 Qt . stockpot with lid -LRB- NOT 6 Qt . as incorrectly stated by one reviewer -RRB- 10 '' skilletI also considered other clad cookware brands , including All-Clad . Cuisinart MultiClad Pro seems to be the way to go . Although made in China , the Cuisinart MultiClad Pro appears to be very well made and it 's doubtful to me that the Chinese can really mess up on this type of product ... particularly for a big-name company like Cuisinart that has a reputation to uphold . Had the All-Clad not been so high-priced , I probably would have purchased it just to buy a `` made in the USA '' product . However , I 'm not convinced that All-Clad is worth the price , and Cuisinart MultiClad Pro is much more afforable . For this reason , I decided to give Cuisinart a go . I ca n't wait to try the cookware and see how it compares to my beloved Belgique ! I will update this review once I 've actually used it.Update
 These are great pans . Unlike coated non stick pans they do not scratch nor does the surface chip or peel , If you let the pan heat up before putting in the oil and food and leave alone until it is ready to flip you will find it does not stick . Very easy cleanup and pans continue to look brand new after two years plus of use . No hot spots . Even cooking surface . Love Love Love these pans
 I did a lot of research before buying this set and so far have been very pleased . In my opinion it 's poor mans All Clad . I started with a 2 qt . saucepan purchased separately at Home Goods and I loved it . The 2 qt . is my go-to pot , but I needed more items . I went back to Home Goods but they did n't have any other pieces of the Multi-Clad for sale so I had to go online.You definitely want to use wooden or silicon utensils to stir or you 'll get scratches on the bottom of your pots . I had read this but got lazy and used a metal spoon and now have some scratches on the bottom of a saucepan , but that 's my fault . Overall , I 'm very pleased and would recommend these to anyone . I went with the smaller set since I cook for one and I do n't think I 'd use all of the pans in the larger set . I also use cast iron skillets -LRB- one large and one small -RRB- , a smaller Le Creuset dutch oven and I have one 10 in . non-stick skillet for eggs . Trying to get away from non-stick because of the toxic fumes and the coating wears off fairly quickly , but kept one for eggs . I wish I did n't have to own so many items but they say cookware is like shoes , you need all different types for different purposes and that 's so true !
 I did some research before deciding on this set . I got the 7 pc because I do n't need a huge set , just the basics . Boy was I impressed ! These sure are n't what I had been used to before . They are gorgeous pieces of equipment , and you do n't have to baby them . One thing I had to learn , you MUST use cooking spray , olive oil , etc , especially the skillet , food will stick terribly if you do n't . I like to use good wood utensils such as olive wood , works well with these . Also , you will use a much lower heat setting than you are used to . They heat up quickly on our ceramic-top stove , the heat spreads very evenly throughout the pan , no hot spots anywhere . Handles are always cool , lids fit well and keep steam in . Just watch your temps carefully until you are used to them , less is more here ! Cleanup is easy . If I do get stuck-on food that 's crusty , just soak a bit , then scrub with Barkeeper 's Friend , they shine like new again . Would I buy them again ... in a heartbeat ! You ca n't go wrong on these . No non-stick coatings here to contaminate your cooking , just quality stainless wrapped over an aluminum core sealed inside . Cheaper sets have a disc on the bottom , they are n't fully bonded as these are . These will be the last set I 'll own !
 I love this set ... it cleans up great , Bar Keepers Friend is perfect for the job , and it is cheap at Walmart . My only complaint about the cookware is ... the lids ! The handles on top get hot ! And because they are so flat the water rolls off when you lift it up and it makes a puddle on the counter . But , other than that , the pots and pans work great , could n't be happier . They are nice and heavy too . I bought Cuisinart 's Steamer to go on top of the 3 qt . pan and love that too !
 I have enjoyed the cookware for about a month now and it has done better than I expected . It is very well made and I really like the lids . I do not like glass lids , I have had too much trouble with glass lids in the past . The cookwear is really heavy and looks nice . It heats faster and more even than anything I have ever had in the past . GOOD STUFF !
 I purchased this cookware set for my boyfriend as a gift and he was very happy with it . I purchased it sight unseen , based on reviews I read and the the name Cuisinart . I cook alot myself and will say if someone gave a set to me , I would be very pleased . It is heavyweight , but not too heavy and has the appearance of the more expensive cookware , but is not expensive .
 This cookware is great cookware for the price . It is nice looking and performs as professional level cookware should . I cook with gas and do n't have the heat up as high using this cookware as I did when using my old Farberware .
 This is an amazing price for an extremely high quality cookware set . Perfect for a budding chef , like myself . Even heat distribution and extremely high quality construction , but best of all , the pots and pan respond to changes in heat with impressive swiftness . Top choice !
 I pretty much agree with all the other reviews . it 's a cheaper poor man version of all-clad . only one thing that bothers me . When I used a wire whisk to whisk something in the pot , it scratches the pan ! I thought these pans are stainless steel 18/10 they should be pretty durable and strong . but there are scratches all over the bottom of my pans and they are really bad . also I went to their official site it says utensil should be plastic , wood or nylon ... so I should n't use metal utensil with these ? it seems stupid that I ca n't use metal utensils with these 18/10 stainless steel pans .
 This was a Christmas gift . I was very surprised by the weight of this cookware . Love the look of the handles . Wish the frying pan was a bit bigger . Very nice starter set for someone to build onto . Thank you Jeff !
 Read lots of reviews , was prepared for problems such as sticking and weird staining , but to date have n't had any issues . I 've been cooking in them pretty much 6 days a week but I have n't made anything that would really necessitate deep cleaning . I got Barkeeper 's Friend but have n't had to use it yet . Based on what I read , I have been sure to keep the heat a little lower and use a cloth to pick up the lids . We have a cooktop and they 're fine on that . The other day I had forgotten to add a little water to frozen broccoli , which then burned -LRB- No need to congratulate me on being the first person to burn frozen broccoli -RRB- . It washed out with a little scrubbing , no lingering scratches . We made eggs in the saute pan and they did stick , but I used a Pampered Chef scraper to remove that eggy film and then a scouring side of a sponge to get out the remnants . I find eggs a bit of a pain in any pan , but the eggs seemed to come out of this pan more easily . I would definitely buy them again , adding a bigger saute pan , too .
 We bought this set to complete our changeover from Calphalon aluminum and Calpholon/Cuisinart non-stick to slainless/aluminum clad cookware . We had previously bought a 12 '' Tramontina full clad skillet and both 10 '' and 8 '' Calphalon full clad skillets . We are still relearning cooking withou non-stick pans , but are satisfied with cooking and cleanup . As others have advised , preheating the pans , then heating the fat used for cooking before adding the meat , vegetables , etc. leads to virtually non-stick cooking - including eggs . When we have violated this procedure , we do get some unintended fonds which are easily removed by running enough water in the pan so it will not evaporate -LRB- as the pan is still hot -RRB- . By the time we are done eating our meal , the fonds come off easily with a sponge or soft plastic scrubber and soapy dishwater . Since we do not leave our cookware out on display , some heat-related discoloration is not a problem . The performance of the set is great - especially at this price point .
 I bought this set to use with our new induction cooktop . I was pleased to find a set with a 12-inch frying pan . Other sets that were reasonably priced did not have the large fry or saute-pan , and it was expensive to buy it separately.The pans cook very well , work great on the induction cooktop , and look beautiful . I really like the brushed exterior finish , and they do great in the dishwasher.I did need more small pans , so I purchased 1 quart saucepans from Ikea -LRB- I love the 1 quart size because it 's great for small meals and for refrigerator storage -RRB- . My husband also likes a small non-stick pan , so I got a small induction-ready teflon pan from Ikea.The main drawback of the set is that the 12 '' fry pan does not have a lid . The stock-pot lid fits the smaller frying pan . Cuisinart also does not sell lids separately . I am on the hunt for a good lid!To Cuisinart
 After using a non-stick Circulon anodized aluminum cookware set for ages , I thought it was time for a change . After much research and reading numerous reviews , I decided to go with this 7-pc Cuisinart Multiclad Pro set since it has all the essential pieces I need . The 12-pc set would have been overkill for me . Right out of the box , I was impressed with the quality . It looks and feels expensive . The steel is heavy gauge and the handles are solidly attached.The clad construction appears to work well since the pots heat up quite quickly . Since I regularly scramble eggs , I decided to shell out an extra sixty bucks to get the non-stick version of the included 10 '' skillet which will make daily cleanup much easier and faster . I tried scrambling eggs in the included non-coated skillet and the eggs stuck like crazy and took a while to cleanup . I was a little surprised to see water deposits -LRB- numerous tiny circular spots -RRB- on the bottom of the pots after boiling water for the first time and pouring it out . I had to use Bar Keeper 's Friend to scrub the spots out . After several , the spotting reappears but seems to be greatly reduced . Since I never cooked with stainless before , I do n't know whether or not this is normal.I spent some time closely examining a MUCH more expensive All Clad set to my Cuisinart at a BB&B ; store . The All-Clad is made in the US -LRB- Cuisinart is made in China -RRB- , so that accounts for the price difference . The thickness and overall construction of the pots appear to be very similar . However , the lids of the All Clad were noticably thicker and heavier than the Cuisinart . When I looked closely , the All Clad is noticably better finished -LRB- the brushed finish is nearly perfect whereas the Cuisinart is a little uneven -RRB- . The larger , flatter handles of the All Clad did not feel at comfortable in my relatively small hands . The All Clad lacks the lip around the edge of the pots so I imagine liquids will drip down the sides more easily when pouring.In conclusion , I highly recommend this cookware set . It certainly is one of the best purchases I 've made in recent memory and should be the last set I will ever have to buy .
 I have owned this cookware since it was originally introduced . I am now building sets for both of my grown sons , who love to cook . Good value and excellent performance .
 It took me forever to make up my mind and purchase this cookware set , but I 'm glad I did . I read a ton of reviews , paying particular attention to the complaints , of which there were a fair number , but when my new pans arrived and were put to use , I found the complaints unfounded . These are very well-made pans , solid , heavyweight , and well-finished . The metal handles are riveted tightly and they do not heat up on the stove top . Food will stick , but I expected that ; the pans are stainless , not coated . They work great on my glass top range . I recommend using lower heat , and cooking more slowly and steadily . I have no trouble making omelets and such . Food sticking is not excessive , and easily cleaned . Many people complained of stains , scratches , and cheap workmanship , but I see no evidence of such . Follow manufacturers recommendations and use plastic or wooden utensils . These items are rock-solid and worth every dime . If you 're thinking of buying them , I say , go right ahead ; you will not be disappointed .
 This is the second set of Cuisinart Multiclad Pro cookware I 've purchased . The first set was for my personal use and this one was a gift . I ca n't say enough about these pots . They are great looking , cook unbelievably and clean up is not bad at all . And the price ca n't be beat . These pots are equal to the very expensive All Clad , and I feel are better made as far as comfort in handling goes . Use Barkeeper cleanser to keep them looking like new . Try them you wo n't be disappointed.If you 're on the fense about Amazon purchases , relax . The speed in shipping is superb and customer service is extremely helpful .
 Other than the fact that All Clad is made in the USA -LRB- these are China -RRB- , I ca n't find a compelling reason to justify the huge cost difference . When we remodeled our kitchen , we bought an induction range , and the Calphalon set we had for 6 years suddenly became worthless . We had a friend who loaned us her All Clad set , which we used for the noble task of Christmas dinner . My wife had nothing but good things to say about the All Clad/induction performance . However , once we switched over to the Cuisinart , the ONLY difference we noticed , was that we were n't spilling the soup all over the place thanks to the rounded edges -LRB- nice ! -RRB- . Other than that , we find no difference whatsoever . I also find the brushed steel to be a better look than the polished steel -LRB- and assume it will be a bit more forgiving in the long run -RRB- . Now I would pay even 100 bucks more for a comparable USA product , but All Clad is way overpriced for what seems to be identical cooking technology .
 I recently upgraded to an induction cook top and found that all of my pans were incompatible . I previously had the Cuisinart Multiclad pans and they held up very well . I decided to review all pans and in the end choose the Multiclad Pro because it was clearly a good balance between quality and cost . There are cheaper pans that are not as nice and there are sets by All-Clad that are very expensive . I could n't justify the price difference to upgrade to the All-Clad line . As I stated this line is the best value line for those who recognize quality but also recognize value .
 I was nervous when purchasing these pans . I had not used stainless steel and used the non-stick pans instead . The non-stick always needed replacing after a few years . They never lasted . My husband encouraged me to give it a try since there is a life time warranty . It has been a couple of months now and I really do love the pans . It does take some getting used to but they cook so much better . Be sure to let the pans heat up before adding oil and everything is great . I did purchase the 51/2 quart saute pan as well . I use it more than anything . The only negative I see is that the pans are heavy . They are not as easy to handle when putting food into another bowl or platter . The size of this set along with the 51/2 quart was perfect for cooking for our family of four .
 Its been a very long time since I reviewed anything ... but this set deserves my time to review . Though I bought this set elsewhere , I bought other pieces from amazon with the 4-for-3 offer to complete the set . I cook twice everyday and I have to say , Ive loved cooking with these pots ! The 8 qt stockpot that comes with the set is what I use very sparingly , given its size ... making it slightly unuseable for my small family of 4 . Otherwise I got the 3.5 qt casserole , 2 qt & 3 qt . saucepans . I also got a 6 qt stockpot and pretty much those cover all my cooking needs . Very heavy and will certainly last a lifetime . I havent cooked with All-clad yet , so I cant comment if this set is comparable , but All-clad is definitely in my list : -RRB-
 Very pleased with this cookware . great looking , solid , cooks evenly , dishwasher safe . A little heavier than expected . Very pleased overall . Will buy more pieces .
 I looked at All-Clad , and considered it , but after further investigation decided to go with the Cuisinart Multiclad Pro . The difference seems to be mainly in the fact that Cuisinart is made in China rather than America . The quality of the cookware is excellent - solid and well-balanced , cooks like a dream , and beautiful besides . I actually think I prefer it to the All-Clad , now that I have it . The price is amazing - it 's a great value for the money , and I like this small set , also . Just enough basic pieces , nothing extraneous , and I can add to it with the individual pieces that I want later on . I will definitely buy more pieces . I love it .
 Well its been a month or two and we have used all pans at least a few times ; some more than others with the frying pan getting the most use.They heat evenly and quickly ; it has been a bit tricky getting use to cooking with SS , have burnt a few items ; but after pouring through all the medical concerns regarding all the different types of cookware I settled on SS and find this to be a great entry level set . -LRB- also bought a few additional pans -LRB- Ozeri ZP1-3P 3 Piece Green Earth Frying Pan Set -RRB- which I will review shortly but also enjoy cooking with -RRB- Cleaning is a bit more difficult but the covers go in the dishwasher and i hand wash the pans ; I purchased some &#34; Bar Keepers &#34; and have had no problem removing any of the issues I had from the inside of the pan , &#34; water spots &#34; , &#34; stuck on left overs &#34; , &#34; burn marks &#34; as they seem to be categorized in forums etc. . . I will say it is far more difficult to keep the underside / outsides of the frying pan as clean as the inside ; burn marks just do n't want to come off ; I read somewhere this could happen so watch your flames -LRB- I cook on a gas stove -RRB- if this will bother you ; it has had no negative impact to the pan and I kind of like the &#34; weathered look &#34; , FYI
 It was shipped right away and arrived before time allowed . It was packaged well and the product arrived just fine . Love the pans and would recommend them to everyone .
 I do n't know a whole lot about cookware . I bought this set based on the reviews and price . I just knew that I really wanted to throw out my pots and pans and replace them with stainless . -LRB- Some of them were hard anodized and some aluminum . -RRB- These are very attractive , sturdy , and heat up quickly . I am very satisfied !
 I 've now cooked on each of these pots at least twice , and I 've been very pleased with the performance . Heat distribution is very good , which I 'm assuming the aluminum core has something to do with , and the overall feel of these pots is very sturdy . The cool touch handles work very well on all the pots , even after being over high heat for extended periods . I 've thrown away my old Teflon coated set , because it was flaking badly . Highly recommended .
 It is a great set at a very good price.For me I got it as starting set because I plan on moving out on my own soon and figured it makes more sense to spend a little extra money on a set of quality instead of spending money on a set that is made cheaply and will most likely only last around 2 years.So far I am extremely satisfied I have used the 10inch skillet to cook some chicken the 8 quart stock pot to make mashed potatoes and the 1.5 quart sauce pan to heat a can of corn . It was quicker and easier than any other pot or pan I can ever remember using!It washes pretty easy even when something is really cooked on to the surface with a little bit of elbow grease and some hot soapy water it comes right off.I would also like to mention that our oven is on its last legs and getting a constent tempurature with it can be a big chore , These pans destroy that issue with the clad design the alluminum core heats across the whole pan very evenly!I can not wait to find out what I cook next it is so much fun to cook with these pans ! You can do just about anything with them and they are oven safe !!
 Great to give as a Gift ! Works pretty good . Very handy and great attention getter .
 I really like this bubble liquid over others for `` my 1st bubble blower '' -LRB- my 2 year old really likes too -RRB- because the liquid is n't nearly as gooey or sticky as most and when using the bubble blower inside the house = less mess on the linoluem -LRB- sp ? -RRB- floors , plus , it works just as good as the other brands in making bubbles .
 Fantastic bubbles ! We used them as a party favor for my daughter 's first birthday . They were a big hit !
 Our grandmother is a big Jim Shore fan . She was thrilled when she received it as a Christmas present . The size is very appropriate for a wall hanging .
 The product is what I needed to extend fan down from ceiling . I purchased a Tommy Bahamas fan for my screened porch but needed a rod longer than the 2 that came with it -LRB- 4 '' and 18 '' -RRB- . It was difficult to locate . I had trouble finding it with the literature that came with the fan . I had to do some research to find out it was actually an Emerson fan and locate what i needed that way . Easy purchase through Amazon though .
 Have n't used these yet but they feel great and the price could n't be beat . Timely delivery too . No wonder they 're out of stock now !
 These sheets have washed well , are true to size and hold body heat nicely.The coloring is a litte off from the photographs -LRB- a bit more neon -RRB- but for the price I paid -LRB- under $ 20 -RRB- I 'm well satisfied with what I got .
 Deluxe 150 Gram Combed Cotton Jersey Knit Queen Sheet Set , Light GreenAwesome buy , my first jersey knit sheets and I am hooked , I ca n't believe how soft they are .
 These sheets are the right price , and they are perfectly fine and holding up well so far . I 'm sure there are better quality jersey knit sheets out there , but these are soft and comfy . Just beware the colors are not named accurately . I ordered sheets in `` eggplant , '' and what arrived were lilac/light purple . Nowhere near eggplant . Otherwise , I 'm more than happy with this $ 15 sheet set . What a steal .
 Even the color we liked and it 's like a burnt orange/orangish brown color . It 's SOOOOOOOO incredibly soft and comfortable and we are never overly hot nor overly cold.One neg , be sure to be CAREFUL with it , b/c making the bed , the corners can easily tear . . it 's a bit on the delicate side.Denver
 I purchased two sets
 this product is very nice . the sheets are comfy but i just wished they were a little deeper in the pockets
 I own several jersey sheet sets , and I have to say I like these as well as any of the higher priced versions.I have n't run into any of the problems some reviewers noted.Very soft , generously sized , and the color 's held up well .
 The sheets were a little thinner than I would have liked , but otherwise very good . They 're soft , and they 're comfortable . Be aware , though , that the light green is n't exactly the color in the photo . It 's a bit louder , with a little more neon in it -- not glow in the dark , but not the sedate color of the photo either . We also got the lilac , which are light and similar to the color in the photo . I got these in a Gold Box deal , so I 'm pretty happy with them . Considering the thickness , though , I do n't believe that I would have paid full price for them .
 These are very comfortable and attractive sheets . They seem very sturdy and they are definitely cozy to sleep in . And the color of the purple sheets are very nice . A very good product .
 Keep your expectations in line when you order these sheets . Yes , they are very comfortable but they are also inexpensive -LRB- notice I did not say cheap -RRB- . Other reviews of different colors/sizes seem to slam the sheets that they are not `` ultra Westin Heavenly bed quality or similar . '' The sheets are very comfortable and if they only last a season , so what . They are cheap enough you can buy a set every other month if you want and use the old ones for paint drop cloths .
 We bought these after reading the reviews although some reviewers had complained about color , pilling , thickness , etc. . They are fantastic ! We bought ivory color and it 's fine , not pinkish . The thickness as well as size is excellent , as good as our very expensive well known brand knit sheets and so far they have NOT pilled after washing . These are the best bargain I have ever seen in knit sheets and believe me I have other ` bargain ' knit sheets and they do not compare to these in quality or in price ! As far as some reviewers complaints about ` little holes ' appearing in these , we have had the best and in time , they formed little holes as well which is the nature of even the best cotton knit as it wears . I am going to take advantage of this bargain before they disappear and buy several more sets !
 It would be hard to go back to linen after feeling jersey knit cotton . I only really use these in the winter when there is some skin exposed in bed , and now I could not sleep on one of those really hot evenings with out my Jersey Knit sheets . No , really , try them and you will agree .
 The sheets are great to sleep in during the summer or in the winter . They are very soft and durable . So smooth and luxurious for this sale price!The color descriptions are off , however , as other reviewers have mentioned . The `` Eggplant '' looks like `` Lilac '' -LRB- very pale purple/lavender -RRB- , so you can imagine how much lighter `` Lilac '' must be in real-life ! The colors were a little disappointing , but the quality and the softness of the sheets made me keep both sets without any returns !
 I bought two sets of these sheets and I 'm happy I did . They are soft and fit my bed well . The material is a little thinner that other jersey sheets I have , but that will be a good thing when the weather is warmer .
 these are well made , beautiful sheets . so much silkier and softer than others I have bought at many many times the price .
 I like these sheets . They feel comfortable and soft when you sleep on them . My only concern is durability as they are extremely elastic and my experience with elastic sheets is that they tend to give out sooner .
 These sheets are very soft and everything you can expect from Jersey Knit sheets for a good price . It 's a QVC product , which I was not aware of until I received the sheets . Gave them as a gift , my fiance loves them .
 If you are looking for heavy duty this is not your sheet . They provide soft comfortable warmth and are perfect for my taste . I think they should change the color name . Eggplant they are not , but are exactly as pictured . For the sales price I paid , they are a good buy .
 I bought these in two colors for a Christmas gift for my daughter . She loves them - says they feel really nice . They were really inexpensive and appear to be good quality . With the money I saved , I was able to purchase another , less practical gift for her . I 'm glad I found these .
 I purchased a set of Deluxe 150 Gram Combed Cotton Jersey Knit Queen Sheets . If you are someone who could appreciate a truly good night 's rest , without suffering through the uncomfortable wrinkles of the regular ol' cotton blends , I would highly recommend that you puchase some Jersey Knit Sheets for yourself . After sleeping on Jersey Knit Sheets for several years now , I know one thing that is certain . I 'll never again allow myself to be tortured by wrinkled bedsheets ! Not as long as Jersey Knit Sheets are being sold !! Deluxe 150 Gram Combed Cotton Jersey Knit Queen Sheet Set , Light GreenDeluxe 150 Gram Combed Cotton Jersey Knit Queen Sheet Set , Light GreenWHAT A DIFFERANCE !
 Very nice , smooth and sliky . And if you see the price of $ 14 , there are n't very many places where you can find this type of quality at this cost .
 Wow I paid over double the current price for these . I see that they are now priced at `` the number of lives that a cat has '' . They are very soft and comfortable . I like wearing cotton T-shirts so these are right up my alley . And people that see them are surprised at the material because I guess these are not common.I am very happy and the price right now is a steal !
 Think of your favorite soft T-shirt , the one you put on when you do n't feel good and want to be comfortable . Mmmmmmm . Nice sheets .
 These sheets are so comfortable ! They are my oh-so-soft choice for the winter , but they are cool enough for all year ! Flannel was too hot - jersey knit is the way to go ! The price is unbeatable , too !
 These bed sheets are an awesome product and I ca n't believe how little I paid for them . Thank you .
 I read the other reviews on this product , I do n't know what those customers are talking about . I did not notice any holes or any unusual stretching in the fabric . They are very soft and comfortable , feels like you 're sleeping in a really big t-shirt . They are also very lightweight , would be perfect for hot summer nights . I could n't say how long they will last ... But for $ 15 a set , I definitely plan on purchasing more !
 After 2 washings , the sheets have held their shape/size well with no pilling . They are soft and comfortable - they 're actually a little thicker than I expected for the price paid.My one complaint would be the color . Instead of the off-white ivory as depicted , it 's almost more of a cream with a pinkish tint . Does n't matter to me , they just get covered up.A good deal for the price paid .
 I would definitely order these sheets again . They would cost $ 50 - $ 60 at a retail store . The fabric was thick and soft . Good colors to choose from .
 Good Value for your dollar . Not `` out of the ordinary '' , but as good as I expected . The `` Sage '' is not what I envisioned , although it 's a pretty color . It 's more the color of the inside of an avocado -- a bit more of a dull lime-green that what I would call `` Sage ''
 At $ 14.99 per set -LRB- Queen -RRB- , you can not go wrong ! These are very good sheets , at least they are for me . I put them on a Queen waterbed and so far , they fit and feel wonderful . I do not have sensitive skin so on a scale of 1-5 , with 5 being the best , I would give these sheets an 4 , only because they are a bit thin and the colors are n't very good -LRB- I ordered the green and the purple -RRB- , but then again , I like wild colors!And they stretch , which may be not so good for some people because after awhile , they do not unstretch or tighten up . You may not like that , but the stretch was not overdone . And , as usual , Amazon is a wonderful seller . I received them within a week of ordering and I know for a fact , that their service is fabulous ! I have been purchasing from Amazon since they came on the Internet and I have NEVER had a problem with their service or their products , with the exception of 1 , which was not from Amazon , but an external seller . But , even that seller was gracious enough to refund my money , including the shipping charges.This is a bargain all the way around !
 I have been using jersey knit sheets for the past 3 years for all of my beds . These sheets are far superior to any brand that I have gotton so far as you would expect from Northern Lights . They are thicker to begin with while still being lightweight enough to use year round . They are very soft and hold up well in the wash . The fitted sheet , even after going thru the washer and dryer still is plenty big to accomodate my overstuffed mattress.I would recommend to anyone that you buy these sheets .
 These are great . They are not exactly eggplant colored , more like a lilac , but when my eyes are closed I ca n't tell . They fit perfectly , with nice deep corners . They are soft even before they are washed . Great Sheets .
 These are great sheets and the price is really good ! You can find this quality sheet set at the Bed and Bath type stores for $ 35 . + a set.These are soft , thick , and nappy enough to remind you of your nicest t-shirts - very snuggly to sleep in.The size is good , more than sufficient for a 14 inch deep mattress . I 'm going to order 2 more sets . Buy these sheets ... you wo n't be disappointed !
 T-shirt sheets were priced right ; ordered two sets . Imagine how safe and cuddley you feel when hugged by a man in a T-shirt ... Then try these sheets for a very safe and secure night 's sleep ... EXCELLENT !
 These sheets are cozy . I have very sensitive skin , they breath very well so you do n't get too cold or too warm . This helps to keep my skin from breaking out .
 I ordered these sheets to go along with a burgundy comforter set and they look awesome together ! I love the feel of these sheets and they are warm on cooler nights , yet not hot on warm ones . They 've washed up just fine for me and havent lost shape or faded in color . I would order these again !
 Deluxe 150 Gram Combed Cotton Jersey Knit Queen Sheet Set , Light GreenI have never slept in such comfort before . Everyone should have a set of these sheets .
 I plan on buying more . No they are not high end but they suffice . The color is perfect . I usually buy gold to match my comforter set but these match even better . I love these sheets .
 This is my first ever review of a product I purchased from Amazon . This sheet set is the smoothest and most comfortable ever . The material I got is not flimsy at all but rather like a heavy weight t shirt material that stretches like spandex.For the price , I would n't exchange it for the more pricey designer sheets!Thanks Amazon for offering it on your website .
 i was unaware that these are t-shirt sheets !! i wanted regular sheets . i feel like i ca n't move in t-shirt sheets ... like they roll with me.anyway , i returned them.i gave them 4 stars b/c they seemed like really NICE t-shirt sheets , even though i did n't use them . they are a good price and they are very soft . however , the colors are a bit off . i ordered the `` eggplant '' and what i got looked like `` lilac '' to me ! very light purple.other than that ... if you like t-shirt sheets ... then buy these !!
 The product itself is good but the color of green is much more like a green sherbet than the muted green that it appears to be .
 I love these sheets . I have a king double top mattress and these sheets fit wonderfully . Plus I love the shot like a t-shirt feel -LRB- jersey -RRB- . It 's hard to find this type of sheet in an oversize King .
 Just enough weight to be a summer blanket and yet will keep you warm without the heavy weight of a comforter - we love it !
 We put these sheets on last night because it 's getting colder and we have n't slept that well the whole year ! Very comfortable and cozy . The light green is bright , does not look like the picture but with how comfortable they are who cares !
 These sheets are soft , generous , and the color stays . Really comfortable for cool fall nights .
 I read the reviews stating the sheets were not what they expected , that as soon as the sheets were placed on the bed tiny holes appeared.I order the king set for my pillow top queen mattress . I have yet to notice any holes or tears in the sheets . The king sized sheets fit the pillow top mattress perfectly . The corners stay in place without any type of pins or fastners . I will buy these again , Great price for these sheets
 Very happy with these sheets , jersey knit sheets are hard to find these days , and the price they sold at was phenomenal ! Very happy with these
 I put this sheeet set on the day I received it and take it off for washings only . I thought for sure that it would be too hot during the humid heat here but it is n't . I love this sheet set and am looking to purchase more . The color was a bit off for me but it does go with the comforter set I purchased , so it works out ok .
 it arrived earlier than expected adn it looks great . It has a great texture . No complaints here !
 I paid 8.99 for these . Great buy ! Sheets are very soft and wash up nicely . Not too `` stretchy . ''
 These Sheets do seem a little thin as other reviews have said . However , they are so very soft and very comfortable . I really like them and will order more of the same brand . I do n't think you 'll be sorry in picking these sheets .
 I 've purchased things from this seller before and I will again . The print was gorgeous and arrived quickly . You ca n't really see it clearly , but it does have a rather large white border around the picture with the name of the orginal painting and the artist . If you want to order this or any prints , you should most certainly order from this seller !!! I had a problem with the fact that I was charged 2 times for shipping and when I sent the email inquiring about it , a very efficient and friendly employee replied and only charged me once . Marvelous !
 I love this dinnerware and the simplicity of the design ! It 's so versatile . I use it daily . The cherry red color is so right for special occasions and perfect for Valentine 's Day and Christmas also . The mugs of both the regular shape and the cafe latte are balanced well and so easy to hold . I was first introduced to this dinnerware while house & pet sitting for a family when they were on vacation . They have a decades older version of this design that was made in Spain and it has a bit more of an orange-red color . I just had to have it also and was not at all disappointed when I discovered that the current color is a true red . I ca n't understand why another person said that hers crazed . I even use mine in the microwave and have never had a problem with crazing . I doubt that you will be disappointed if you order this dinnerware .
 Waechetersbach -LRB- pronounced Veck ters bahk -RRB- dinner plates have got to be the most vibrant , colorful along with festive and great quality plates I have ever purchased . I bought the `` Coupe '' style in Kiwi . The `` Rimmed '' style seemed to be a brighter lime green color . The coupe style had a bit darker of a hue but I still think they are fabulos . Amazon had the plates at my door in a week . For more colors try Waechtersbach warehouse , or Waechtersbach usa.They are a bit on the expensive side ... about 12 $ per plate , but so well worth it . : -RRB- Also
 I love color . Waechtersbach 's colors are deeply saturated and almost seem to have texture . I have some white dishes that I got because I like the way the food looks on the plate and it shows up well for photographs , but it 's my Waechtersbach that are the most fun to use.These coupe dinner plates are modern and come in wonderful colors . The Kiwi green and Orange are my favorites , though it 's hard to choose . Vibrant fruits and veggies look fabulous on them . They 're solid and durable.Waechtersbach is an environmentally friendly company and takes care to minimize their impact on the earth during production .
 When I recieved this cookware set I was surprised at how durable the stainless steel is . It is not like the cheap imitations that bend if you touch them too hard . This cookware is not thin at all . The 4 quart pot can be used for deep-frying , or cooking pasta and sauce , beans , stews , vegetables , etc. . The shape of the pot allows you to cook on the smallest burner on your stove , or even on a hot-plate burner . The stainless steel basket is heavy and durable . This is a nice gift for newly weds , a single person living alone , or a student living in a college dorm . The non-stick skillet can be used for eggs , omalets , pancakes , sausages , etc. . Just the right size for one or two people.I cooked pasta , sauce and ground beef in mine right after I recieved them and everything turned out great.This is a nice cookware set for a cheap price . I would recommend it .
 I love all clayworks products , especially wall this wall hangings ... It will make you smile each time you look at it ... Very unique and whimsical . The color is brillant and vibrant . This piece looks great on the wall in my bathroom ... Absolutely beautiful . .
 Met most of our expectations , Height adjustment is not easy to use , have to partially disassemble to use. , Have to be a bit cautious when moving with 60 &#34; flat screen
 We bought this cart for our church . It is extremely sturdy and rolls well . You can hid the cords in the pole so it looks nice .
 Satisfied with product and shipping . No issues when we set up this unit . We were looking for super cheap and this was an excellent bargain . Very stable .
 I purchased this cart to hold a 55 &#34; Vizio LCD for a church . We anticipate rolling the unit to many different classrooms in the building . I was very impressed with the weight and heft of the unit . It was fairly easy to assemble . I did n't need assistance to mount the TV to the unit . It rolls very easily with the TV on it . And the unit will roll easily through a 32 &#34; door or larger.I highly recommend this Cart for business or institution use .
 I live in a rancher . I thought it studpid to have several televisions , so I bought a great big one , 60 &#34; , and this cart . The cart is narrow enough to fit through the door threshold . I saw it in the background of the Judge Judy show . If the manufacturer could provide some type of handle to hold on to as it is wheeled from room to room . Otherwise , it 's great . The Geek Squad came to hook my system up and they were crazy about it , wanted to know where to get it . -LRB- smile -RRB-
 Product is expensive but is great quality . With a 55 inch TV it can be rolled aroundfeeling secure that it will not tip over . A great product when you have to moveyour flat panel to different rooms .
 Bought this to install a 40 '' flat panel TV with DVD player . Assembly took about 1 hour including a 5 minute call to customer service to make sure that I hadall the parts that I needed to install my TV . Because TV 's have so many different mount styles the directions were somewhat confusing . Customer service was helpful and hold times were minimal.Final assembly looks great , very sleek looking . Not much more to say but this is a well built stand that is worth the price .
 I bought this for the Microsoft PixelSense and was worried it would n't hold but it does!It holds great ! It rolls nicely . Works for transporting , too . Take the base , the stand , and the SUR40 and put it into an SUV and all you have to do is screw it back together -LRB- 10 minutes -RRB- and your set to demo on the go!The wheels survived the cobblestone sidewalks of Boston and the SUR40 is still going . All in all - great stand !
 This product came , and I was very impressed with the build quality . It is all metal and seems extremely sturdy . I was especially impressed with the quality of the casters . It rolls very well over cords and floor transitions even with a heavy 60 &#34; TV.The only reason I 'm knocking off a star is because it was kinda a pain to assemble , and that was n't mentioned in the product description . I am a mechanical engineer and it took me and a helper about 45 minutes to fully assemble and mount the TV . This is n't a ridiculous amount of time and I still would have bought the stand knowing that , but it is nice to know up front .
 We purchased this stand for an office setting for lack of a good wall to hang a 40 '' LCD TV on , and so that the screen would be movable depending on need . Assembly was a snap . The stand is very stable , more substantial than expected and moves very easily . The stand allows the TV to tilt left/right nicely . We use our screen with a computer attached so the attached shelf works nicely for a keyboard but would also hold a dvd player or similar.I was a little hesitant because of the price but am very satisfied with the purchase .
 Peerless did a great job with this cart . It 's very sturdy and the design is well thought out . It comes as a kit , but the instructions are easy to follow and the various connecting parts easy to identify . I was very impressed with the quality of the hardware . There 's no cheesy snapping stuff together . The various screws and bolts were all there and well packaged and the required Allen wrenches were conveniently provided . I thought there were a lot of screws , but a wide variety of screws are included to cover whatever sort of attaching is needed for installing the screen you are using . I found the ones I needed and there ended up being extras that were n't necessary for my situation . They are packaged individually and it 's not confusing to figure out which ones are appropriate for the type of installation.I installed a 55 '' Samsung that weighs about 80lbs . No problem . It attached securely and the cart moves easily with it attached . You do n't want to shove it carelessly . It is a lot of weight in the air . But with one hand on the mast and the other on the TV 's edge , the cart moves smoothly across low carpet on large , rubbery casters . There are also holes in the mast to run cables through to keep the mess out of sight.You can spend a lot more than this cart costs but I do n't know why you would want to . I bought , and built , this for a work related purpose , but once it was done , I wanted the same set up for home . It 's a good deal and a great way to make a big TV mobile .
 I was looking at a couple stands for our office 's 46 '' Samsung HD TV . Based on Amazon reviews I went with this one and also because this one weighed 30lbs more than the $ 100 cheaper model offered elsewhere . This one weighs in at a whopping 80lbs and heavier has got to be better for a stand on which you 're mounting an $ 800 TV . The stand comes efficiently packed in cardboard and bubble wrap - no Styrofoam . When I started taking the pieces out I was impressed with the fabrication and heft of each piece ; heck , I felt like I was about to put together a small piece of artillery ! Instructions were super clear and easy to follow & I think it took me about an hour to put it all together . I got it all assembled just in time for it to be used for a meeting in our conference room . It is super easy to wheel around on its big rubber wheels and the two rear wheels can be locked so it will stay in one place , though I think it will probably be moved around a lot . Excellent product .
 Peerless Universal Rolling Cart for 32 '' - 60 '' Flat Panel Screens with Metal Shelf -LRB- Black -RRB- I purchased this stand for my Panasonic VIERA TC-P65VT30 65-inch 1080p 3D Plasma.This was for use in our bedroom , to allow movement to recommended 6 ' positioning from viewing position.One of the main attractions of/to stand was the stated adjustability.It turns out that while said adjustments of tilt and height are possible they must be chosen during assembly and can not be changed without dismounting display . As said display weighs 138.9 lbs this is not a trivial undertaking.So you must choose height and tilt angle during assembly and before mounting display.I 'm impressed by quality of most components.Strong and mobile and stable.Poor positioning engineering.Another observation , despit the size and heft of this unit , in truth your display ends up being supported by 4 , rather small , sheet metal `` screws '' . I consider them to be just adequate . They will not stand up to repeated mounting/dismounting . I could find no better product.W
 This is an exceptionally well built stand that works fantastically , is well documented , and has an assortment of accessories should you need them.Most likely the nicest `` simple '' rolling stand you can purchase.Karl P
 We 've been using this product for a few weeks . Heavy metal , sturdy and stable with 60 '' flat panel . I would only like one addition - a horizontal bar or tube bolted to the upright across the back with a handle at each end to help guide the TV when moving it . Now you have to `` steer '' around corners using the monitor itself . Otherwise a fine product .
 We are using this cart with a 55 '' Sony television for jury trial work in felony cases . Very stable , professional-looking , solid , and easy to move . Highly recommended .
 I bought this for a second TV that could be rolled around the house for video games or guests.It 's definitely solidly built as many of the other people reported . The main complaint is almost everything that 's load bearing in this thing is locked in with relatively thick hex screws except in one area . The flat black panel that goes across is secured to the stand via four of the the smallest screws they include . They 're screwed in perpendicular to the plane of that panel so there 's more of a shearing force on the screws which is better , but still I feel considering how the rest of this thing is built like a tank , I would have liked similarly substantial screws/bolts in this area . They 're not necessarily tiny - we 're talking a diameter roughly between 2 to 3mm . Also , to vertically re-position the back panel up or down , you need to undo those smaller screws previously mentioned to get to the screws that secure the panel to the center pole . This means you have to remove the TV , undo those small screws , remove the metal panel , then loosen the anchoring screws to move the mounting point up and down , then put it all back together again.Aside from those issues , it 's definitely well built and it definitely looks nice .
 Peerless customer service is exceptional when a piece of this stand was bent in shipping . Customer service immediately sent a new piece and I was able to assemble the entire stand without problem . Its excellent for a loft space , so I can roll the TV close to my desk or close to our L-shaped couch . Just need a big burly guy to help me attach the TV and lift it to the stand - too bad Peerless is n't nearby for that too ! I would highly recommend this product and the company , Peerless , and will buy again from them . Thanks !
 This product is sturdy and well made but is much larger than I expected , particularly at the legs . It does the job and I love the height , but it is n't beautiful in my bedroom . I wish there could be a similar product that is more attractive . The wheels move well and it is the perfect height for watching TV in bed without straining your neck . I could have put the TV on my wall , but I like that it can be turned to face other areas of the room and can be moved to a sick child 's room for DVD 's .
 I purchased this cart for a television in our library . I had teenagers put it together , but it looked easy for them to do . The TV looks great on it and it seems really sturdy . It 's also really easy to move it if we need to , or the wheels lock in place if needed to be stationary . I have a kinect mounted on the tv and the kids love to come in after school and play video games and it is the perfect height for kinect gaming . Thanks Peerless for a great cart ! I am going to buy another one because it is just what we were looking for !
 The Peerless Univiersal rolling was so easy to set up and excellent product . . it looks great in our conference room and easy to move around the office .
 Set up in exercise area . It carries a 33 '' HDTV and the cable box . The system hides the cables going from cable box to TV . It rolls effortlessly . Very Sturdy construction . No threat of being ` Top Heavy ' . I believe I could easily adapt a 42 '' or larger TV .
 Purchased two Peerless universal rolling carts for 40 '' televisions . Will use these primarily for trade shows . Was very impressed with the workmanship . Pretty easy to assemble . We removed the bottom for transport and reassembly was easy . When not used for trade shows we will use them in our office to display product demos , etc. . Very happy with this purchase .
 Was easy to put together . Looks very professional and solid product.Was strange how many extra screws we had left over but we followed the instructions and works great .
 We purchased 2 of these for our church , along with -LRB- 2 -RRB- 46 '' tv 's , -LRB- 2 -RRB- dvd players , and the extra shelf for placing a laptop on . These will allow us to move the tv 's around with ease from classroom to classroom . Very happy with these.They are very stylish . Other stands I found reminded me of the AV carts from high school . This looks like something from this century.Also , these are Made in the USA - imagine that . And free 2 day shipping with Amazon Prime . Makes for a real value .
 Better price than other on-line stores ; substantial product ; need two to carry and install , but it needs to be for the big TVs . Very satisfied , especially with ease of shopping and quick delivery .
 This TV/Stand Cart is perfect for my needs . I use it with a LCD I like to push from my Living Room to my Outside Deck . Perfect for those clear nights when you want to sit in the hot tub and watch either tv shows or sports . I got it from Amazon for 389.50 and it is woth every penny . It rolls very easy and each wheel has a brake . Assembly was also very easy . I did it myself within an hour . Just follow the instruction and it should go fine . The TV mounts on it very securely and it is by no means top heavy . I am just glad I found this `` Robot '' looking Stand/Cart which fits all my needs . Good job Peerless !!!
 I gave this a five rating because it does exactly what it states it will do and does it well . I have two in use and am quite happy . The only dislike is that it 's more for an office than a home . I use it in my home office and the garage that doubles as a home gym / laundry room . I would recommend this item to anyone who needs a mount that can be moved around .
 This item was beyond my expectations , easy to assemble and I put a 52 '' LCD tv on it and have no problems ! I got the trolley for the LCD tv by my pool and it 's awesome ! Highly recommend to all who want a very durable stand . Worth every penny !
 I was nervous putting a brand new sharp aquous on this stand ... . that being said after building it and getting the tv on I am no longer worried . The stand is very study and works wonderful . Used for going between conference rooms and it looks very professional .
 I like this item alot , using it for a 55 &#34; led tv that we us at my office . Well made and goes together easy with good instructions . The only issue on unit is cost , but you generally get what you pay for . Had to go ahead and spend some additional money to get the 20 foot extension cord for his unit , there again mounts easily and works well .
 Large wheels make it easy to push even on carpet . It is easy to see around . Mounting hardware makes it easy to mount any large screen . I now have ordered three . Very stable and strong .
 I purchased this so that I could move a TV to the outside patio or into the garage when needed . It is very well constructed and comes with a variety of mounting hardware for various applications . It is narrow enough to fit through a standard doorway which is key ! The only suggestion for improvement would be the additional of a handle of some sort so that you are not using the TV to move the entire cart , putting unnecessary strain on the TV mounting points .
 Purchased for a Sharp 70 inch LED/LCD TV and took close to 30 minutes to assemble between 2 people . All parts were labeled adequately and sized corrected . In the end , the thing that took the most time was leveling the TV correctly . The stand works perfectly , rolls smoothly under the weight of the large monitor and is very sturdy under the weight . A perfect match for a 70 inch TV .
 very Solid design , I have a older , heavy 47 '' on it , no issues . I use it to roll TV out of my walk out basement to the patio to watch games outside at night . goes in an out great , I 'd recommend .
 Simply put is an excellent product , it is solid metal painted in black , the instructions are perfect -LRB- excellent fit and finish -RRB- , the assembly was easy , the design is elegant and functional . The wheels are large and move across the floor with ease . The column in the back helps to hide all the wiring . Best of all it was impressive to see it was made in the USA , showing that our nation makes superior products at reasonable prices . Ca n't say enough about this mobile monitor cart from Peerless . There were many similar products out there and it was a tough decision to make but I 'm really happy with our choice .
 I found this product on Amazon for about half the cost of other on-line vendors . It 's a fantastic product . I mounted a 50 '' LED TV on it and it works great . It 's simple to assemble , sturdy , easy to move around and it looks great .
 I needed a television stand on a very short notice and this was really the only choice I had . I was very hesitant because of the price but I had no choice so I purchased it . Wow ! This television stand is awesome ! It is very sturdy and well made . It is very easy to put together . It is a perfect mobile stand and I am very happy with it .
 The poster is very pleasant , giving the viewer that gentle melancholy feeling one gets walking down a country lane in France . The iconic Jean-Paul Belmondo is always wonderful to see in pictures ; he has that natural `` je ne sais quoi '' look in his visage . Merci beaucoup !
 The Hot Buttered Popcorn sign looks great ! It measures about 16 and 1/2 inches by almost 12 inches . It looks just like the picture shown and despite what I read on another review being flimsy , the metal is the typical tin sign that most all the others are and actually looks sturdier since the metal bends back on the ends and that makes it stronger . I love how the sign looks .
 it 's pretty bright and a good size too ! i have it next to a tv LONG WITH A RETRO COCA COLA TIN SIGN AND A METAL MOVIE REEL , LOOKS GOOD TOGETHER , GET IT I RECOMMEND IT , YOU 'LL LOVE IT !
 Retro Planet has great items at great prices , and they deliver when they say they will . Ca n't beat that ! We have ordered from them quite a few times .
 I just purchased three sets of these chairs , and am looking forward to receiving them and adding a further review of the product . I have seen similar chairs like these at Target , but they did n't seem to be of the highest quaility -LRB- not that I 'm expecting that from the price , but they should seem more sturdy off the bat -RRB- . Anyway they were $ 100.00 a piece there , and this two for $ 180 deal seemed to be the better bet considering I need six chairs . Other stores also had them , but they were even more expensive . Anyway , I started with 5 stars for the price , but will downgrade that or keep it the same , depending on how the chairs turn out . *** UPDATE 6/2008So , it has been a little over a year , and I can tell you that after many dinner parties and casual dining these chairs hold up well . Can I see them showing wear as the years go on , sure , but that 's just natural to this type of furniture . Anyway , go over them with some Pledge and a dust rags once a week , and they will , hopefully , work as well for you as they have for me !
 Purchased this chair as an alternative to the Pottery Barn chair which was over twice the cost . I think the color matches great with the PB desk . I was n't expecting the same quality as PB , and it met my expectations for the price . Assembly was easy , and the chair was put together in about 10 min without any need for directions , though they were detailed enough . All tools came with the chair with the exception of a Phillips screwdriver . If you looking for a decent chair for a good price , I 'd recommend it.NOTE
 This chair is great and assembly was a breeze . Very solid . The only con was the bright white color which does not match our daughter 's Pottery Barn Teen bed . But fort half the price , it 'll do !
 We mistakenly ordered the wrong color . The chair arrived quickly and undamaged . We compared the color of ` antique white ' to our cabinet color and determined that we wanted ` white ' instead . The seller bent over backward to accomodate us , however , the ` white ' product was backordered and could not meet our availability . We returned the chair with a minimum of incovenience . We will reorder the ` white ' chair when it becomes available ! Thank you , Seller !
 I ordered the white chair . Shipping was one day even though they had estimated 3-5 days ! The white is very , very white , which is what I wanted . The chair I received is made of real wood , you can see the wood grain on the underside of the chair seat , which is not painted . Very solid and sturdy . The size is just as advertised . I thought the chair was very easy to put together , total assembly time was about 10 minutes . I highly recommend this chair if you are looking for a nice white wood desk chair . Good height adjustment too . Great price .
 I got this desk chair for my daughter 's room and it 's exactly what I wanted . After reading the reviews I was torn because half of the people said it was just fine for the price and the other half said it was junk and difficult to assemble . I looked at the expensive versions in stores before taking the leap of faith and ordering this one and to me the only difference is the price . I am very pleased with the chair . It 's great-looking , sturdy and assembly was n't a big deal .
 This chair not only looks great , it ' a also quality made . With the addition of a pretty chabby chic seat cushion it completed the look for my office .
 This is an excellent product , made out of hardwood . It was very easy to assemble and is very sturdy .
 I got all three -LRB- original movies -RRB- of these posters for my boyfriend for Christmas , we 're both huge fans ! They 're just like the original movie posters from hanging in theaters and they have the release dates on them and everything ! I got the EZ hang framing option and its worth it , they hardly curl so it 's amazingly easy to frame them with simple affordable poster frames I also got on amazon searching by their exact dimensions . He was ecstatic about them and I love them too !
 I received this poster as the older one I use to have became destroyed when I was moving a number of years ago . Although from the 1997 Special Edition movies as opposed to the original 1983 poster , this version of `` Return of the Jedi '' is done very well and has a number of the important characters from the movie . A great poster to a great movie !
 Yup its here mounted with its brothers got it on time and in proper condition
 I bought this as a gift for a co-worker . It is so cute and she really liked it . The magnet is strong and holds the paper clips just like a drop of water .
 I have owned these tongs for a few years , and would buy again.ADVANTAGES : The gripping tips are covered with something -LRB- nylon or silicone ? -RRB- which is heat resistant , yet does not scratch teflon pans nor other non-stick pans.They really are heat resistant . I have used on hot indoor grills with no problem.The tongs can be locked in the closed-together position , so they do n't take up much room when stored in a drawer or wherever.The tongs can open very wide to accomodate almost anything.The tongs do not require much strength from the user.They can be put in the dishwasher.The tongs can be locked and unlocked with one hand -- a unique feature among tongs . This is essential for anyone who is limited to one hand , but is also useful to anyone with their hands full in a busy kitchen.DISADVANTAGES : The coated tips -LRB- which never scratch teflon -RRB- have rounded edges and are sometimes a little too slippery . They do not bite into the food . Heavy food will sometimes slide out of the tongs . Maybe if I had the strength to grip tighter they would work better , but I 'm not sure of that . Because of this disadvantage , I also own a different pair of tongs which grip better , but which would be dangerous to teflon.The other disadvantage is that sometimes -LRB- about 5 % of the time -RRB- , the locking and unlocking mechanism does not work on the first try ; but if I try again , it usually works . I am guessing that the lock/unlock mechanism depends on a sliding spring to fall into place , and sometimes it does n't quite exactly align , so sometimes I give it a very slight shake during re-try . This seems to be the tradeoff for the convenience of single-hand locking and unlocking . All the other locking tongs I looked at required two hands to unlock .
 Great for grilling ... locking mechanism works well and easily . I was seeking a look-alike product for the Pampered Chef model and found it .
 The tongs are great ! They are easy to open and close and they are the perfect size . Being heat resistant and non-scratch , they are perfect to use on indoor pots and pans AND on the BBQ . I fully recommend these !
 These salt and pepper shakers are a great size and look very nice . I prefer to use a pepper mill and salt grinder , but this pair are always on the table as well . As far as shakers go , these are a must-have to complete your Finlandia collection .
 I really love this whole line . I made Cuban Sandwiches with mine and was really pleased with how they turnes out . I am also big on the aesthetic look of my cookware along with functionality , and this line offers both aspects at an incredibly reasonable price .
 Before I bought this I went to a store and checked it out , lifted it and felt the heft . It is definitely hefty , something to lift out of our pots and pans drawer with two hands . After using it well over 50 times it has no scratches or wear in the enamel , no rust , and is still a joy to use . I have a brown one , I think it was called espresso color . The family devours them , they 're fun to make , and the paninis I make with this pan have become a standard dinner in our weekly rotation . Whenever I say `` Paninis tonight ? '' everyone says `` Yeah ! '' . First handling the pan
 Great material , does n't scratch . It is the perfect length , but a VERY narrow spatula end itself . Wish it was average size .
 I bought a more expensive brand of `` heat resistant to 400 F '' nylon kitchen utensils and within a few months they all had evidence of melting . I just picked off the melted nylon and continued to use them until I noticed flakes in the food ! Discouraged , I stumbled across this CIA slotted turner at a specialty store and the associate ensured me this would meet all my requirements and expectations . And it has.Over a year later , this -LRB- and it 's CIA spoon equivalent -RRB- look brand new . They have no signs of melting , pitting , or cracks . At 2.4 inches wide , it 's small enough for getting under small food , but it 's strong enough to handle anything I 've tried to turn . This is made of semi rigid plastic that is only 2mm at the edge and 3mm thick where the face meets the handle . This turner 's thinness makes it perfect for cutting stuff up in our pans while cooking.I wish they made every type of utensil , but I absolutely recommend this turner as the centerpiece of your no-scratch utensil collection !
 Light , thin , springy , strong . Heat resistant to 400 degrees . It can wear if you do a lot of bbq - but this is the best I 've seen for non-scratch .
 If you are like me , you have a spatula that you use for everything . I have several spatulas , but I will pull one from the dishwasher -LRB- dirty -RRB- to use every time I cook -LRB- after cleaning it by hand , of course -RRB- . I had one like that for years and I could n't find a replica after it broke . This CIA master 's turner is now that spatula!The handle and blade are made of all one material and is one piece . It is stiff but still flexible , very sturdy feeling , has a long handle with a nice angle to it , is Non-stick , easy to clean , and dishwasher safe.The blade does feel a bit narrow -LRB- as another reviewer stated -RRB- when flipping a large pancake or something , but 99 % of the time I do n't notice.The price I paid for this seemed a bit high for a spatula when I ordered it . Now , it seems like a great price . I would have no problem spending more for this quality.I will be adding at least one more of these to my utensil drawer -LRB- less washing by hand that way -RRB- . UPDATE
 It was as advertised and did the job . The only complaint I have is that the underside of the top part of the turner -LRB- the first area to touch the pan/food -RRB- looks like it has started to melt .
 I was looking for a thin spatula that would n't warp to use with my non-stick pans . I have a couple of OXO ones that I love but they end up bending . This one is sturdy and is thin so I can easily turn crepes and pancakes .
 Love this particular product ; even more so than the ones i have made by kitchenaide . Highly recommend it .
 My family is Italian and as far back as I can remember my Mom made lasagna in a restaurant pan so it would be deep enough and big enough for the family . My own kids are n't crazy about lasagna , but I was still tired of making lasagna in small baking pans . While searching for a lasagna pan , everything I came across was too shallow . Lasagna needs more than a couple of layers!I ordered this pan hoping to solve my problems and I could n't be happier . The pan is long enough to fit the length of a lasagna noodle perfectly , and about three noodles wide . I used a pound of lasagna , two pounds of ricotta , one pound of mozzarella , two eggplants , one box of chopped spinach , and about a quart and a half of home-made sauce ... not counting all the little things that get added in ! This pan handled it nicely , and everybody I sent lasagna to really enjoyed it.This pan is perfect for lasagna and I do n't think you would be dissatisfied by the size or appearance . Nice looking , functional , even cooking , and the lasagna did n't stick at all .
 Ive used this dish a couple times now and I got to say its great . I never had any problem with things sticking to it and it cooked my food evenly . Like other people say its a bit heavy but thats what you are to expect with a castiron .
 I got the green one . Kinda like an granny apple color . I purchased this through amazon . I thought this was alot of $ $ to spend on a lasagna pan but decided to give it a try after reading the reviews and it makes an awesome lasagna . Heats evenly in the oven , no problem taking a piece out of pan without sticking and i did n't spray/grease it , cleans well after soaking it for a little while only because the edges near the top was really baked on with cheese/sauce and i choose not to use the brillo/sos pads since the inside of the pan is enamel coating . Ca n't explain why it made the lasagna taste better but everyone raved about how good it was and I made the lasagna the same way I always do . Being that it 's made out of cast iron , it keeps it warmer longer than the pyrex bakinkg dish that I normally used . You can use this pan for other things other than lasagna but it makes a darn good deep , thick lasagna the way it should be . After using this , the cost of the pan was soon forgotten . Worth every penny to me .
 I have wanted this pan for some time but could n't justify paying $ 90 for an extra inch of lasagna . I happened to see Amazon 's Lightening Deals and scrolled down to the next round . The clue led me to believe that the deal coming up was the Mario Batiali Extra Deep Lasagna Pan , so I sat at my PC ready to click on `` Buy '' . Sure enough that 's what the deal was and I got the pan for $ 45 and as a premuim member did n't pay shipping for this monster.Speaking of monsters , I bought the Le Creuset Extra Deep Lasagna Pan . I swear I could have taken a bath in it . I took it back.As far as functionality , it 's perfect for my recipe . It allows me to make additional layers which make a nice presentation . If I 'm having guests , it makes plenty . If it 's just for my husband and me , I freeze the leftovers in dinner size portions.Reviewers have mentioned that this pan is heavy . Yeah , that 's how quality pans work !
 I bought this lasagna pan as a Lightening Deal offering before Christmas ' 09 . I am happy with the pan - it is really large and deep and cooks evenly and retains the heat wonderfully . It weighs about 15 pounds with a lasagna in it , so if you ca n't see yourself holding a hot pan of that weight at arm 's length this is probably not the pan for you . I noticed several areas on the outside of my pan where the enamel looks uneven . Especially around the top rim - the thickness is noticably varied . I did read reviews of this cookware -LRB- check the other colors and sizes -RRB- and I am not the only one who has noticed this flaw . However at the discounted price I paid , I still feel this was a good value and decided against returning it . If I had bought to give as a gift I would have been unhappy enough to return it . For me , the uneven enamel coating was a minor thing - offset by the ease of clean-up , the large capacity , and the fact that it still looks nice on the table . I do n't forsee the crowd I invite for salad and lasagna to be scrutinizing the enamel on my pan .
 excellant product !! very easy to install and set up . the only down fall is the remote is wired , but you can get use to it . the lighting system just takes a little bit to get use to and once you do it is smooth sailing . very good product and an even better price !!!
 These are a useful tool when you are learning . I do n't use them very much anymore , because I just twist the tops of my pastry bags , BUT , they helped a lot while I learned technique and gained expertise . And my goodness , they are so inexpensive , it is a no brainer , lol . My only complaint is that they were not tight enough on some of the thinner disposible bags and I had to wrap them around twice . Hope this helps . Note added MUCH later - I use them again to close bags for use in the microwave to melt stuff like candy melts and softening fondant .
 I always thought these would just be a pain , but they really do help keep the outside of your bag clean .
 I have small hands and they get tired from holding the bags for a while so these really helped out .
 I used to use rubber bands then i got these and let me tell you these are great!no more buttercream gets out of the bag and these slide down nice . Plus , you can re-use them i think i have re-used one like 5 times ! and it still works great quality !
 I decided to try a package of these to see if they work and they seem to work better than any of the other options I have seen for keeping the decorating bags closed . They are simple , cheap , and reusable .
 I dabble in all kinds of decorating -- cakes , cupcakes , cake pops , cookies -- and these are some of the handiest thingamajigs to have around when you need to use a piping bag . If you only work with large bags and stiff buttercreams or other cake icings , you can get away with just twisting the bag . However , if you work with things like candy melts , chocolate , royal icing , glazes , etc. , you need to get these to prevent leaks and to keep icing from drying out . Sure , you can use regular rubber bands , twist ties or hair ties , but you have to wrap those around the bag several times -LRB- more if you use many small bags like I do -RRB- , they do n't roll down very well and in the case of rubber bands , break several in a decorating session -- annoying ! I only have to loop these ties once , maybe twice around even my smallest bags , and if it 's just once , I can even do it with one hand which is helpful when you 're in the midst of heavy duty decorating . They 're pricey for little bits of rubber , but they are very sturdy , easily washed and you 'll get a lot of use out of them . Just remember to use them properly -- do n't put the end of the bag through the hole -- wrap the entire tie around the twisted top of the bag then hook the arrow part through the loop . Easy peasy and secure !
 Let 's be honest , these are overpriced little rubber bands . On the other hand they are cute , sturdy and great . The photo shows twelve ties , but I do n't remember that many being in my bag . It always seemed that no matter how tightly I twisted my disposable bag , I always ended up with icing oozing out of the top and onto my hands , counter , floor , lap , cat , etc. . When I had to apply a lot of pressure for certain flowers or borders my bags resembled angry volcanoes . Once I got these and used them , I was a much happier decorator . The mess lessened -LRB- I can still seem to cover multiple surfaces with icing , but now it 's usally a result of filling my bags -RRB- and it actually seemed easier for me to maintain the right pressure . You do have to remember to keep moving your rubber band/bag tie down on the bag as you use up your icing and when the bags are nearly empty these little guys can be ineffective . I wash mine in hot water and dish soap and let them air dry . The arrow tip on them makes it quick and easy to attach them to the disposable bags . If you do a lot of decorating , this is a great tool to have in your kitchen .
 These are super helpful . They do n't leak and it makes frosting much easier than twisting the bag . Also easy to store without the frosting drying out .
 These are GREAT ! I love using them when I fill up butter creams or icings , it helps prevent leakage and getting the frosting on the outside of the bag which I ca n't stand . Easy to clean , and easy to use . Works great and would greatly recommend .
 These bands are easy to use and work great . They are durable and can be used many times . You do still need to twist the bag properly to keep the frosting from coming through , however -LRB- do n't ask me how I know that -RRB- .
 I 'm taking a cake decorating class at Michael 's and `` impulse bought '' these while I was in the store . I 'd been making a mess of my icing and thought they could help . Not really sure what there is to dislike about these . Essentially , they are rubberbands that are durable and washable . I really like them . They help keep me cleaner , too ! Price-wise , they 're probably a little high -LRB- like all of the Wilton products , I think -RRB- but they are useful and if you are going to be using them a lot then they are probably worth it . If you 're not , then they still may be worth it just so the icing does n't drive you batty . Regardless , I like mine !
 especially if you have little ones helping with the icing or if you just have a hard time managing to keep the icing from oozing out the top of the bag while you 're decorating .
 These ties help so much when you are frosting , especially if you are working with multiple bags . No more twisting the bag shut and hoping it wo n't leak onto the counter !
 I 'm an armature cake designer and I put off getting these for quite a while . I would make do by twisting the end to the bag closed , but frosting would often seep out the other side . These put a stop to that . They are easy to slip on and adjust and they keep every dollop of frosting in the bag . It 's much less frustrating then trying to keep the bag closed with your hand . If your debating , just go for it . They 're well worth the money
 I always struggle with icing coming out the top of the bag and these solved the problem . There are so many in the packet that I can leave candy in a bag with this on and keep it for next time .
 These really work great especially for children as they have a tendency to let the icing come out the top of the bags .
 These have actually helped me quite a bit for keeping my spot and grip on the bag . Totally worth getting .
 I have to type 20 words so this will get published ... bottom line , I am really glad I gave this product a shot ... it does exactly what I wanted it to .
 Great product for the price . This has great suction and ease of use . The only thing I do n't care for is if you vacum for a long time , the machine tends to get too warm . Other than that I love it .
 HIGHS
 While vacuuming my hardwood floors for the umpteenth time , I decided this vacuum deserved time for a review . Especially when I prefer to read reviews from those who 've time tested the product . I 've had this vacuum for nearly 4 years and it 's still a little dynamo ! The suction is really strong for such a little machine . Note that it 's little , so the bags are too and suction decreases as the bag fills . The hose sections were a little loose at first and would sometimes fall apart , but for some reason they stopped doing that after the first few months . Now I pull them apart and put back together no problem and they stay tight , so I have n't deducted any stars for that initial problem . A longer cord would be great but again , retractable space is limited in such a small vacuum . A great buy , I 'd recommend it for quick solid floor cleaning !
 I bought this 3 years ago , and it still works fine until now . Honestly it exceeded my expectation this vacuum cleaner cleans very well with good suction , for all 3 different homes , one with tiles , one with carpet , and now laminate floor . I use it almost everyday , I lived in Miami and now reside Hawaii , we take home sand quite often . For the price I have no complain , although I 'd like it better if the handle were adjustable , but that 's not really a con . If mine were ever broken , I 'd buy this very same thing again .
 I bought this when living in a tiny apartment . It worked well till we moved to a house and it can barely clean the carpet . It 's light weight is great for small areas only . The bag needs to be changed quite often or you 'll notice a reduction in suction power .
 I 'm surprised to see some bad and mediocre reviews here . When I got mine -LRB- maybe 5 years ago -RRB- it had great reviews and has lived up to those.Powerful suction , convenient , great for detailing or sweeping up hard floors.I agree that the attachments are n't very good -- just go to the vac shop and get a universal adapter so you can use better ones from an old machine . They are only about $ 7 . One comes with Oreck 's handheld for those who have that machine -LRB- I needed another because the Oreck is a pain to use and has so very little suction when in use -- just forget their bowling ball demonstration , the machine does n't operate in that fashion when in use and there is no relevance to the amount of suction that thing performs with -LRB- unless they 've improved it greatly over the years . -RRB- I do n't have a tipping problem with it maybe because of the way I use it . I would suggest putting a little weight beneath the bag if possible.Great cleaning accessory and a bargain at $ 80 . But I do n't think it 's intended for use on carpets . That 's really a job for a heavy-duty upright with a roller/beater -LRB- love Oreck 's machine -RRB- .
 Just wanted to enter a quick review for anyone who is on the fence about purchasing this vacuum . I live in an apartment in NYC and I wanted a small vac to clean my rugs and the carpet in our hallway - that I could stow away without too much trouble . I have kids so there is all manner of dirt and debris and small toys , etc to clean.I bought this vac about 4 months ago and so far it has greatly exceeded my expectations . This is our 4th vacuum , we had uprights and canisters from the Shark to Hoover to RedDevil and this is by far the best of the lot . The suction from the 11amp motor is very strong and it can pickup even small irritating things that my other vacuums would leave -LRB- thin objects like toothpicks , cellophane , tiny beads -RRB- . The cord retractor is awesome and the casing is pretty tough because I 've dropped it a few times and there is no sign of damage.The only bad things are that the wheels are superfluous because it has a tendency to sit on its back , and it requires a bag . I have n't had any trouble finding bags - even my local hardware store has them - but it would be better if I did n't have to deal with them at all.I ca n't comment on reliability because I 've had it for a short time , but I would say
 We have a couple of vacuum cleaners and needed one for the garage . This cleaner does a great job . It is powerful , light weight and does a great job . It does n't take up much space on a shelf and we are very pleased with the unit . With 3 cars to clean and a garage area , we use it at least once a week . Everything about the unit works well . The utensils are light duty in fabrication , but they work just fine .
 It 's fun and cute with easy handling.The power is not so strong but enough if traced twice.My room looks fabulous after getting this vacuum !
 This vacuum is just what I wanted . I have had an upright vacuum in an apartment with all hardwood floors for a while now . Not a good thing ! When I use the hose -LRB- plus attachment -RRB- from the upright to vacuum the floor , the hose is n't long enough so I have to stoop and end up hurting my back every time . Plus , the upright is heavy and is always tipping over during this process . Very frustrating . This cute little canister vacuum will completely save my back . I just got it yesterday and tried it out last night . It has a long hose , so no stooping . The floor attachment angles , so it 's easy to get under furniture and feel like you 're actually picking up the dirt . It has great suction ! Plus , it 's so light weight , it 's a breeze to maneuver . I was done vacuuming in such a short time ! I really could n't believe it . I 'm very much looking forward to using this regularly . I love this vacuum !
 I bought this little vacuum for my kitchen & dinning floors , but it does much more . . I can not believe this little vacuum has stronger suction then my larger vacuums . . FantasticI wanted a vacuum that had a bag , that would fit into my pantry , & had great suctions , and this fits the bill.For my kitchen , I bought the cordless bagless electrolux , that was handy with out a cord , but the suctions was awful . The dirt/dust would just go right to the filter , and no suction . Plus it was a mess to empty.I also bought that cordless type of carpet sweeper , that worked , but then I realized it was throwing the dust up my baseboards , and another mess to empty !! The suction is fantastic.Its so light weight to do the base-boards , the ceilings , you do n't even know its following you.It comes with a little attachment , that I thought was useless at first!I now use it for my bathroom drawers , my kitchen drawers etc. . Being that its small , it doesnt vacuum anything but the crumbs and all from the drawers.I also have a big up right dyson , and a canister hover that vacuums deep in my carpets , but there heavy , and the dyson can not get under any furnature its so big , and the on board attachments are a pain to get out.I use this little one for a fast vacuum over my carpets and I was suprised it does such a good job.This would be better if the cord was longer , but being this is so small , I do n't think it can hold a longer electric cord.I do n't think the hose will last for years , as my other vacuums do , but for the almost $ 60.00 , I think I got more then I expected , then any other vacuum I saw at walmart etc.Sometimes the tubeing will come apart while vacuuming , but that is only a little unconvenance , cause it pulls apart easy to vacuum close to the kitchen baseboards , under the frig , stove.I found the bags at a small store near me , and I live in a small mountain town in California , or they said they would order them . . Amazon sells these bags , so there should not be any problem.I would buy this again for floors . Although I would not buy this to vacuum a big house . maybe a smaller apt . where the carpets or not real thick .
 I had bought a stand up vacuum -LRB- $ 177 -RRB- last year that Consumer Report rated high . What a disaster !!!!!!!!! It was too heavy for me and it was difficult to use and it burned the fringe on my oriental rug . I borrowed a friend 's Panasonic , loved it and immediately ordered one . I can lift it with one finger ; the suction is strong but does not destroy fringe and it takes little storage space . My apt is now cleaner than ever because I can do my rugs myself without hiring someone or getting a friend to vacuum - out of desperation ! I had difficulty giving away my old vacuum because it was too heavy for people-even a 6 ft guy . The PANASONIC does turn over fairly easily but nothing is perfect and the price is very affordable .
 This little vacuum is as powerful as it claims to be . It cleans bare floors and low-pile carpet or woven rugs . Also does a great job of getting pet hair off of upolstered furniture . It would be easier to hold on to if the wand was about 1/2 inch smaller in diameter but that might affect the suction . I have put a few wide rubberbands around the handle for a better grip as the plastic is slippery . I like to carry it while I vacuum and it certainly is light enough . The cord is a little short but that 's not as important as the other features . I have not yet purchased bags so I ca n't say how difficult to find or expesive they are . I would recommend this as a very good product at a very good price . This is exactly what I was looking for .
 The Panasonic MC3920 vacuum cleaner was purchased because of its size and weight -- to meet a handicap situation . It 's weight of around 10 pounds makes it easy to carry from place to place -- including stairs . It cleans very well and without having to change attachments because the one floor attachment is used on both bare and carpeted floors . This vacuum is well worth its low price .
 this is a good vacuum but the bags are way too small and has a short power cord . powerful suction and is nice and compact . very easy to carry it around in your hand while vacuuming.if i knew the bags were that small i would have never bought it.you can get larger bags for the same price on a lager canister that would last alot longer .
 GentlemenI am still patiently waiting for shipment of this Poster . Can you update me as to when it may be shipped.Thank you , Bob Oerzen
 I like things that bounce light around . And this wonderful little ball does just that . So I put a few in a south facing window and make life just a bit more amusing for those who know me . Yes , I do have cut glass crystals in my windows as well . Why would I want to limit this kind of fun to one time of the year ? Right ... I do n't . I did give some away for the holidays , so it was nice to have a pack of 6 .
 Took my old Eureka into the local shop for repair a few years ago and the owner said it would cost $ 50 to fix it , but it would n't be worth the money . Instead he showed me a Sebo . I liked it but about croaked when he told me the price.After wavering for the next 45 minutes , I finally bought it and brought it home . My wife about croaked when I told HER the price ... Since that day , hardly a week has gone by that someone in the family does n't mention how nice our Sebo is . With 4 humans , 3 cats and 2 dogs , there 's always a lot of dirt to pick up . Yet our floors continue to look like new because this little sucker gets it all.The two best parts
 I bought this to tune up my X4 , which I have had for 6 years . I use the X4 about once a week to vacuum my house of 2,500 sq ft. The box is OEM as is the contents . The X4 seems to breath better and has better suction . Item was as described and the price was fair . You might be able to find the equivalent item for the WINDSOR brand vacuum cleaner , which is the commercial model of the SEBO .
 These bags are easy to switch out and they come with a cap so you do n't get a billow of dust in your face .
 The sealing strips are easy to install , and they work great . I will be buying more in the future for my continuing needs .
 Amazon is great with delivery time and the prices are even better . I needed replacement bags for my vacuum cleaner which I have had for years . I am a satisfied customer . Thank you
 Thank you for the filter bags , I still love my SEBO it is the best vacumn we every have had .
 Ordered this product on-line after trying to find a similar product in local stores . This product is a reliable bag that works well with the Sebo vacuum cleaner . Because I have pets and kids , I need something that will last a long time . These bags hold up and with every 10 bags , you really do need to change the additional filters and sealing strip that comes with this set.Worth the money for this product .
 OEM vacuum bags . Does the job correctly . :--RRB- What else can I say . Shop for price and you will not be disappointed .
 I really like the fact that amazon can ship this to my front door cheaper than me driving to the vacuum store and sitting in traffic , what a deal !
 If you 're serious about cleaning , a Sebo vacuum is for you . These bags are great , hypoallergenic , and do a superb job of filtering dirt/dust !
 The product was unbelievably cheap and had free shipping , but arrived in almost no time at all . It was neatly packaged , decent quality , and is now hanging on my wall above my Darth Vader beer stein .
 This is a awesome poster . Would recommend to any fan of star wars . Looks great in a black frame hanging on the wall .
 I ordered this poster from Amazon and received it promptly . It 's terrific . Great quality . A classic poster for Star Wars fans .
 I use the 9 '' x 2 '' cake ring for making quiche from Thomas Keller 's Bouchon cookbook and it works great for that .
 I own several of the stainless rings from Fat daddios and they are great ! I have used other brands over the years including Matfer , and found these to be equal or better in quality and MUCH less in price . I can buy 3 of their rings for the price of 1 of Matfer 's . The weight is very nice and their selection of sizes and shapes is mind-boggling . I also like how the Fat Daddio rings do not have an overlap where they are welded . Instead the rings are joined together and welded . They look like the weld is smoothed down so it creates a nearly seamless feel to the ring . I always hated cleaning the other brands as food would get caught up in the welded joint . These are a great value and very well made !
 I bought the 8x2 cake ring , and am quite happy with its performance . It arrived in perfect condition , not bent or warped . I expected it to be thinner and flimsier , but it 's actually pretty thick material and has held up so far . The interior seam is also much smoother than other rings I 've used . I was a little put off by the price at first -LRB- it 's just a circle of metal , after all -RRB- , but it 's well worth it.Update
 Super sleek stainless steel . I have washed these several times and they remain as shiny as when I first purchased them . Great choice for making layerd desserts , entremets and all sorts of goodies . This is coming from a pastry chef from Johnson & Wales University !
 Works as advertised , Thickness of the metal is such that the ring should hold its shape , with normal usage.Filler .
 I am very happy with this item . Could n't wait to try it out . My cake was round , even and beautifully decorated ! Great purchase !!
 Very sturdy and well-made . I have been looking for a good cake ring and have finally found this heavy-duty one that will last me many years to come ; I will definitely be ordering more Fat Daddio 's products !
 Bought this ring to make fried pies and a stuffed cookie for my husband . The ring is very sturdy and will not bent or get mis-shapened when using . I would purchase again .
 I was glad to find this 10X2 in cake ring since its such a hard size to find in stores . Although it was a little pricey . It works great and it came in great condition and since its stainless it resists warping .
 We have queen size pillows and usually the pillowcases are a fairly tight fit and a bit of a struggle to get on over a standard cotton pillow cover . With these satin covers , the pillows slip so easily into the pillowcases it is finished in just a couple of seconds . They are good quality and laundered nicely . I would highly recommend these to friends .
 I bought this in the hope that I would not wake in the morning with bed head . You know when you wake up and look like you have a tree growing out of your head.Well the first morning I woke up with a medium bed head , only half a tree so that was heartening . The next morning was the same . Now I am a restless sleeper waking frequently every night - every time I turn over . I guess I can not blame the pillow protector but the sleeper . Still I am better off than before .
 I am using it mainly for decoration , i.e. do not sleep with it . So it is holding up beautifully
 Cabinet came sooner then expected . I saw reviews for the 3 shelf cabinet and someone complained it was n't sturdy enough when the drawers were opened . This one being a bit smaller seems to be very sturdy . Had no problem putting it together
 Easy to assemble , and very sturdy . Due to the MDF materials , it is quite heavy , but this is a good thing . If it was too light , it would not sit very stable . It works great , and because the design seems very smart ... it closes and lines up perfect.Great value , and looks good too .
 The media tower is great . It does all that it says . My husband put it together by himself in about an hour and a half . My only problem was finding a place to put it . Even though I measured , I did not comprehend just how large the whole thing was . I almost had to send it back . I am glad I did n't though . It is nice to have all of our collection on display where we can actually see what we have . I had a tendancy to buy movies and cd 's twice because it was to hard to search through all the different spaces where we had them . Now they are in alphabetical order.GREAT !!
 I bought this tower as a Christmas gift 2010 . I wish I had gotten one for myself . It is solid and sturdy , it swivels smoothly , and was easy to put together . It is very larger than expected , but he has an extensive DVD collection and is almost ready for a second tower . It sits in the corner of the family room and is an attractive piece of furniture . I have no regrets in purchasing this tower and would do it again !
 Overall this seems to be a good product . Assembly was easy and it holds as much as it says it will . One small drawback is that one CD on each shelf is hidden by the vertical part of the unit . I have a concern about how well the bearing , which is made of plastic , will hold up over time , especially as it takes on more weight -LRB- I have it about 2/3 full now -RRB- . But so far there have n't been any issues with it . There 's probably sturdier units available , but this is a good value for the price and I 'd recommend it .
 Easy to put together . Came with very good and clearcut instructions.You have to have a good amount of floor space for it to turn though.Other than that it is a super buy !!!
 We bought two of the revolving Media Towers . We had no problem putting them together and the finished product looked good . We did not receive the complete order due to a problem with UPS . After contacting Venture Horizon , they quickly looked into the problem and kept me informed as to what was happening until the issue was resolved . We are now enjoying both towers .
 This slotted turner -LRB- I call it a spatula -RRB- offered by the Culinary Institute of America is a bit pricey , but I can honestly say , without reservation , it 's by far the best spatula / turner I have ever used . Kudos CIA ! It 's light , turns the food efficiently , with a minimal of effort and without tearing or otherwise causing damage to the food .
 It 's difficult to determine if form or function was the priority when they designed this turner , but it is a full five stars . When you examine the quality of this implement , you 'll notice that it is extremely high caliber . From the surface finishing to the ergonomic design , you will be hard pressed to find such a nice example of a kitchen tool . I highly recommend you spend the extra money and get this one , it will definitely stand the test of time .
 Hi!I got this item before it was expected . They sent a great note so I felt pretty good about the company connecting with their customers . I LOVE the cookie cutters too ! They are so sweet and will help celebrate my daughters Valentine B-day .
 This is a great little cookie cutter pack.I got this last February to make some cookies but I like to use the smaller plain heart to make `` eggy-in-a-basket '' . Good for lots of other things besides cookies . Some fun designs to choose from . Would make a nice gift for your `` cooking mama '' or holiday traditions with the kids .
 I use it to make cookies , chocolats and jello 's ... is very helpfull !! Thanks !
 George P -LRB- eter -RRB- A -LRB- lexander -RRB- Healy -LRB- 1808-94 -RRB- was an American portrait and historical painter who spent sixteen years studying in Europe with Baron Antoine-Jean Gros , where he came under the influence of Thomas Couture . His `` Franklin urging the Claims of the Colonists before Louis XVI '' gained him a second-class gold medal at the Paris International Exhibition of 1855 , after which he returned to the United States until 1869 , at which point he returned to Europe to paint mainly in Rome and Paris for two decades . Healy 's reputation was made on the fact he painted more portraits than any other American artist , approximately 130 , and did those of more eminent men than any other artist in the world including Pope Pius IX , Cardinal McCloskey , Louis Philippe , Daniel Webster , John C. Calhoun , Nathaniel Hawthorne , Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , Franz Liszt , Lord Lyons , and Abraham Lincoln . His one large historical work , `` Webster 's Reply to Haynes '' -LRB- 1851 -RRB- , hangs in Faneuil Hall in Boston . His work is described as being essentially French in style is considered sound.This 1887 portrait of Abraham Lincoln was painted 22 years after the president 's assassination is available as a 24 x 32 fine art print -LRB- the image of the painting is 20 x 27.5 inches -RRB- . The portrait is based upon another likeness of Lincoln done for Healy 's 1869 group portrait `` The Peace Makers , '' which depicted Lincoln conferring with Generals Ulysses S. Grant and William T. Sherman , and Admiral David S. Porter , on board the River Queen at City Point , Virginia , near the end of the Civil War . Healy recognized that the template made for a fine portrait in its own right and eventually did three replicas of it , including this one , commissioned by Lincoln 's friend Elihu Washburne , and another one , once owned by Lincoln 's son Robert , which hangs today in the White House . It is believed Healy did the original life sketches of Lincoln at the White House in 1864 . The original oil on canvas painting is on display at the National Portrait Gallery at the Smithsonian Institution , a 1942 gift of the A.W. Mellon Educational and Charitable Trust .
 We bought this wine rack because it was one of few nice -LRB- and relatively affordable -RRB- wine racks we could find in this shade of wood to match our other furniture.The great thing about it is it 's small and compact -LRB- whether in a house or in a 600 sq. foot apartment ! -RRB- , it has a nice top that you can use to display things on or put pictures on - however you want to decorate , and since it holds our wine glasses -LRB- red and white and champagne -RRB- it frees up space in our cabinets for coffee mugs , beer mugs , and regular juice glasses.Overall , we 've been very happy with this product !
 I am very pleased with this product . The Atelier wash is soft , absorbent and looks good after laundry . I have always found the Martex brand to be top quality .
 Although these are not # 1 Quality towels , for the money , they are absolutely fabulous ! Soft , rich and absorbent . Very nice quality and I 've had many compliments on them . A couple of the reviews said `` low quality '' `` Wal-marty '' , not true ! These towels do not stiffen , fray , etc. . With every wash the softness gets better and better . I ca n't afford the `` rich people '' towels , but I think these sure do come close !
 THESE WERE THE BEST WASH CLOTHS I HAVE EVER PURCHASED , EXCEPT FOR THE BAND AROUND THEM . BUT THEY WERE SO SOFT , YOU DID N'T MIND THE BAND . UNFORTUNATELY THEY ARE NO LONGER AVAILABLE
 the color in the clothes are bright and do not fade easily ; thick and heavy . great clothe
 My bathroom is all in purple/reddish/beige , so I 've been looking for quality towels , washcloths for quite a while . I finally found them . Thanks Amazon ! Only problem was delivery
 After changing from the regular filter to this charcoal filter , definitely a noticeable difference . No foul smell with this one . We have 2 dogs , 2 cats , parrot and 2 kids .
 We live out in the country and have dogs and cats . Dirt that gets tracked in leaves an unpleasant smell with the standard filter . But the charcoal filter -LRB- micro/odor filter -RRB- does a wonderful job .
 This down throw is wonderful . We use these year around for sleeping comfort , they are never too hot or too cold . I especially liek this one because it doesnt seem to loose its fill , and the size is great . I have 6 year old twins and toddler blankets were too small , and the large down comfortors drowned them . this is the perfect size , even for adults when a heavy comfortor is just too much , or you want separate blankets due to a partner always stealing the covers!we have also machine washed ours in a large capacity washer without any problem .
 This is the best throw I ever purchased !! It is super warm and cozy.My 4 year old loves cuddling up with it when I read him his bedtime stories.I also like the fact that it is machine washable .
 IF I COULD GIVE THIS 10 STARS I WOULD !!! I bought this throw because of the prior favorable reviews and boy am I THRILLED !! This is the lightest , fluffiest and warmest throw EVER . I ca n't say enough great things about it ! I just ordered a full-size down blanket from Pacific Coast Down because I was so thrilled with this throw . This item would make a great gift for any age !
 I love this , I received it this year for Christmas ! It 's lightweight but toasty warm . The color is vibrant and the fabric is a soft micro suede . This product gets 10 stars from me !
 This is a great , warm , cuddly throw blanket , but if -LRB- like me -RRB- you read the description and think the cover is 100 % cotton , think again -- the tag on the product says it is 100 % polyester . Hopefully Amazon will fix this typo soon . However , while it does have a slight polyester sheen and rustle , the fabric is really very pleasantly soft with a suede-like finish . And unlike the other reviewer , who claimed that the clover green throw was more `` pea-soup '' or `` puke '' green , I 'm happy to say mine turned out to be a beautiful light silver-sage . All in all , I 'm pretty happy with this product . It 's feather-light , toasty-warm , machine-washable , and big enough to cover a 5 ' 3 '' person like myself from feet to shoulders while lying on a couch .
 This blanket is soft , fluffy , warm , and easy to wash . Mine is blue and the color is very nice . I really have no complaints about this product , I just occasionally wish it were bigger ! It gets a little crouded if two people try to share .
 Sitting quietly and reading each evening , I love to be warm and cozy . This was just the ticket -- I received it for Christmas from my husband and have used it every night for several hours before going to bed . The only time that it has been folded up was when I wanted to see how it would fit into my carry-on bag.The size works well unless you want to be completely covered , then you might want to look at the twin size comforter . I found the material to be very soft , the red is beautiful and the down fill to my liking . A few feathers have escaped , but nothing more than other new down products that I have used . The big plus is that it is washable although I have yet to do that.I like it so much that I am ordering another one for my husband 's Valentine gift -- indigo for him so we can tell them apart !
 I purchased one for myself years ago . I just ordered one for a wedding gift for a dog lover . It 's unique and fun . Can display it year round too . Good price too .
 This was a great little shelf to fit in between my sink and microwave cart in the kitchen
 Very happy with this purchase . The pillowcases are extremely high quality , better than expected . Good value .
 I like this little knife.I keep it on my desk and fiddle with it all the time , the blade lock makes a nice clicking sound.The spring clip is pretty weak and will come undone in your pocket , but I do n't typically keep it in my pocket so I 'm not worried about that.It 's a great tool for your desk , your car , or anywhere you need a small utility knife and want one that looks very cool .
 Yes , it 's an art print and its 4 images are excellently spaced . The elegant background image along with the overall color make this an eye-catcher .
 Not only does this glass work great for sake but it also is nice for beer or drinking water . The Riedel name means this will be expensive . Be very careful washing this glass as it can be easily shattered .
 My wife and I really like wine . However , most places do not serve wine and good quality classes . Yes , good quality crystal makes a difference when you 're enjoying a nice bottle of wine . We wanted a solution so we could drink wine out of good glasses when we went out . I thought about using an aluminum case with foam padding to bring my good wine glasses from home . I found the Riedel to go series on a website and thought I would give them a trust.I give it four out of five stars because it is basically a Riedel O glass in a cardboard tube . The ends are made of metal so that does make it a little bit stronger . However the glasses do not fit snugly into the tube and they do move around a little bit . I read on other reviews that this is not a problem . I cut some foam padding to line the can to help protect the glasses .
 I enjoy taking my own wine glass with me on trips . So far I have only made one trip with this Riedel O to Go tumbler ; it was in a motor coach -LRB- bus -RRB- where someone else handled the luggage so it was a partial test . The crystal wine glass in its personal packing case did fine . We have yet to see how it survives airplane travel .
 I first bought two of these to use as travel glasses . We dislike drinking wine from plastic glasses and these seemed exactly what we needed for the `` road trip '' bag . Upon seeing them , we decided to get 6 more , and use them as our every day wine glasses as well . -LRB- Amazon restricts purchase to 3 per account , so we had to get friends to help -RRB- Although we 're red wine drinkers , the white wine size is perfect for our needs , and they have already been used , quite successfully , on two road trips .
 I will say this off the bat , the only down sides would be i 'm used to the holder having a clip n sliding out easier because i used a different digital thermometer before but thats a familiarity , and no auto off feature , but i turn it off anyway , just nice to have just in case . overall i love it . i like the clip as it serves as an extension , and i love the max and min temperature memory . I am a cook and look up the the cia world . So this is a perfect thermometer .
 The blue set is just beautiful and I am very pleased with the quality of these towels . I also ordered another color , but blue is just my favorite . A good buy .
 They are better than I expected , and for the money , quite nice .
 I got these towels for $ 8.99 for two whole sets -LRB- six pieces -RRB- . For that price it was an incredible deal.Comfort and Absorbency : The towels are soft and comfortable -LRB- I washed them twice before using them the first time -RRB- . They are fairly absorbent , but certainly not the most absorbent towels around.Appearance : The colors and patterns on the towels are very attractive.Quality : The quality is OK . Out of 3 packs of these -LRB- 6 sets , 18 total pieces -RRB- I 'd say maybe 2 or 3 pieces had some kind of minor defect ... pulled threads , etc. . But nothing that causes them to perform any differently . They are reasonably thick , but nothing like more expensive towels you could find on the market.Value : I would say these are probably comparable to the towels you 'd get elsewhere for the $ 10 - $ 12 range for a set . But , with this , you get TWO sets , so this is a tremendous value when you can get them on sale .
 This is the sturdiest kitchen thermometer I 've ever owned.After breaking or melting three different thermometers , I bought this one because it looked well-made . After using it for several months , my wife and I are both very happy with its durability and accuracy -LRB- at least for deep fat frying in a dutch oven -RRB- . We have not used it for making candy.Pros : Sturdy -LRB- my 2-year old used it as a hammer without breaking it -RRB- Visually appealing -LRB- looks too good to put away in the kitchen drawer -RRB- Does n't need batteriesAdjustable , in the event that recalibration is neededCons : The thermometer head is heavy and may not stay put in shallow pots and pans.Clip does not grip one of my pots very securely -LRB- Lodge enamel dutch oven -RRB- and I worry about it falling over.If I lose this thermometer , I 'm buying the exact same one again .
 Very well made , has the feel of a quality product . Temperature able to be adjusted so that even if the read gets off over time , turning a bolt on the back will re-calibrate it for you.If you are having problems with the clamp I 'm guessing you are pulling it into position rather than pushing . The way the clamp attaches to the rod , pulling it into position will make the clamp loose and unable to hold the pot well . That may not make sense until you have the thermometer in hand , but believe me when I say the clamp works great.The only downside this has is shared with all dial thermometers I 've seen , which is that the degree marks are close together and makes estimation necessary -LRB- but only slightly more so than the traditional thermometer types -RRB- . More than makes up for it in how easy it is to see a dial however.The needle most definitely does not get in the way .
 As a novice candy maker , I was a bit scared to use one of these . But this thermometer worked great and was easy to read . I made homemade marshallows and this was exactly what I needed !
 Accurate . Easy to read . Sturdy . Fits perfectly on the side of my iron frying pan for southern fried chicken -LRB- 1/2 -3 / 4 inch oil -RRB- . I do n't make candy so ca n't evaluate in that area .
 This little thermometer is intended for candy making and deep fat frying . I picked one up because my large candy thermometer is about a foot long and awkward to manage in a small pot . The materials and build quality seem quite good . The stainless steel stem can be covered with a plastic tube for storage . On the outside of the tube are temperature translations in both Fahrenheit and Celsius of vague terms like `` soft ball '' and `` hard crack . '' Quite handy because there really are no commonly agreed upon meanings for those terms and , when making candy , boiled frosting , etc. missing the target by more than a few degrees can lead to unsatisfactory results.The thermometer is not advertised as water proof so be careful not to immerse it when washing the stem . A feature not seen often in thermometers in this price range is the ability to calibrate the dial . Happily , when I compared it at several temperatures against my CDN commercial candy thermometer , I found no point between 200F and 300F where the two differed by as much as five degrees . The temperature measurements seem to be both accurate and linear.To the extent that there is room for improvement , it would be in the pan clip . It works fine but you do n't position it quite as you think you might from looking at it . You 'll want to play with it for a minute or so with an empty pan so you catch on to how it should be positioned . Once in place , I found it quite stable.Bottom line ? Well made , accurate , capable of calibration , a little more expensive than some other dial candy thermometers but this is an area where you get what you pay for . Readily recommended for the home cook .
 Solid , accurate and high quality thermometer built to last with a thin under-built clip to attach to pot . Work around
 Temperature works great - but I 'd pay more if manufacturer designed a sturdier clip or pan or pot use . But the price is right for the accuracy .
 This was a gift for my daughter , and she told me that it worked very well for her candy making . The clip kept it out of the way when stirring , and the dial was accurate and easy to read . - Recommended !
 Accurate Thermometers are as vital t o good cooking as accurate scales . I automatically buy any product endorsed by the CIA . That 's a very safe bet . I won this one just as I expected . It 's an excellent product . I particularly respect the provision made for calibration corrections . If you do any frying in your kitchen , this will thermometer will enhance your future efforts .
 Met my expectations and was exactly what my daughter and her husband wanted for the holidays . Good option for the task .
 I am very impressed with the build of this product . It works really well and is accurate . The price was right and I would recommend .
 I have n't used it yet but will update review when I do . It looks like I 'm going to like it a lot .
 Bought these with an extra price off deal offered on the site . The coffee workes great in my Senseo machine and tastes as good as the higher priced coffee pods I have gotten at other places .
 Good coffee for the price . It 's much the same as Douwe Egberts at a lower cost . These same coffee pods sell for half the price in Europe , but then again , the U.S. dollar is n't worth much anymore !
 We enjoyed this coffee . These pods do n't make the best mocha you 'll ever have , but they are pretty good . Gala pods are definitely comparable to Senseo in quality , although a much better deal when I purchased them .
 As usual the Gala brand of coffee pods deliver a good flavor for a reasonable price . Mocha flavored coffee is a nice change . Try it you will like it too .
 Gala coffee pods are a good buy for those who own Senseo and Melita pod coffee machines . The price is right and the taste is superb !
 The product is what I needed to extend fan down from ceiling . I purchased a Tommy Bahamas fan for my screened porch but needed a rod longer than the 2 that came with it -LRB- 4 '' and 18 '' -RRB- . It was difficult to locate . I had trouble finding it with the literature that came with the fan . I had to do some research to find out it was actually an Emerson fan and locate what i needed that way . Easy purchase through Amazon though .
 I already bought the Noah 's Ark design for this type of display ; we keep it in the living room -LRB- I reviewed that display in more detail -RRB- . We purchased this one for our son 's bedroom.I wish the canvas came in more colors than just red , but the natural wood is beautiful . It was very easy to put together - only took a couple of minutes . It 's sturdy , but light-weight . It holds all sizes of books , and can hold anywhere from 12 to 36 books depending on their size and shape.The 1st Guidecraft book display help us teach our son to respect his books . He took such good care of them -LRB- like putting them back in the display instead of throwing them on the floor -RRB- , that we have been able to introduce paperbooks to our 18 month-old , and he does n't try to tear them apart.I think this type of book display is more practical for children 's books than a traditional bookshelf , due to shapes and sizes .
 Nice and sturdy , no sharp edges and very easy to put together . Took me about 10 minutes from the moment I opened the box . My daughter loves it , and it 's sturdy enough that she can use it to pull up on before selecting her books . My only comment is that it would be nice to have one pocket for smaller books -LRB- hence 4 stars not 5 -RRB- , but it 's not a complaint .
 I bought this for my 3 year son because I thought it was a great alternitive to the the pile of books in a basket in his room , which was aways a mess . This bookcase made his room look much neater . I love the red , it goes great with his Disney Cars room . It seams to be very study so far , but we have only had it a couple of weeks now . It is the perfect size for little toddlers and preschoolers to get and put away their own books . No more searching for the book at the bottom of the pile or dumping them all out . The canvas seams strong , not like the cheap plastic ones . If you want it to last I would spend the extra $ $ $ $ . I only wish the pockets on the top and middle were a little deeper , sometimes the taller books fall forward , hence the four stars not five . I have noticed that my son spends more time with his books now , than when they were just in a basket . Which was one of my main goals because reading is soooooo important . You should read to your child every day . I am a PreK teacher and I highly recommend this bookcase .
 We bought this book display for our 2 year old son and he just loves it ! He can easily pull out which book he wants to read since he can easily see them . The quality of the wood is wonderful and is very study . We would suggest it to anyone .
 My daughter loves storytime . So , now that she can see her books at eye level , its storytime ... everytime.This is a great way to encourage not only reading , but also the care of storybooks as she now puts them back in the shelves rather than dropping them on the floor .
 I love this bookcase . it 's just the right size for the kid and it rids of some clutter . the only downside is that the taller books on the top shelf have a tendency to occasionally fall forward .
 The chairs were nicer than I expected and good quality . Color very rich and they were very comfortable . Liked them !
 I like them very much . I bought them for very bargain price , but they look very nice and `` expensive '' . Nice , rich color , easy to assemble . They fits perfect for small place , they have small sits . Who need bigger space sits , probably better to choose different design . First two chairs arrived after 5 days , other two - a little bit later , because seller re-ordered one package from manufacture . One chair had a small defect , as one leg was shorter for about 0.3 '' , but it was easy to improve by sticky wool pad . No any other defect and difficulties . I am happy with my purchase for this price !
 This platter is just gorgeous , I am excited to display this in my china cabinet . It is also going to be great to use when we have dinner parties , I have already had so many compliments on it .
 The hall tree was delivered promptly and packaged extremely well . Assembly was very easy because the seller provided clearly labeled parts , screws , and detailed instructions . The hall trees look beautiful in my foyer . Bravo , Home Decorators !
 I bought this after tasting green mountain coffee from my aunts Keurig coffee maker . I HAD to get the same one , I LOVED the coffee so much . My mother also ordered one of these a week after I recieved mine , and I would tell anyone to give this a try . You just have to find which coffee you like . I love green mountain in this machine , but I do n't like the other brands that thay sell for this also , so make sure you try someones first . I had bought a more expensive single brewer , but returned it . . the coffee was aweful !! But I am SOOO happy with one !!!
 I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones !! I got my Keurig B50 seven years ago this week . It is just now starting to show its age and it is getting harder and harder to open/shut the lid to put my K-Cup in . I have averaged 3-4 cups a day -LRB- running the small cup setting twice for each cup -RRB- . Through the years , I have only had to de-scale it three times !! I 'm thinking it 's time to get the new Keurig B70 Platinum brewing system . My daughter-in-law has it , and I LOVE IT !!! I will not be giving up my K-Cups anytime soon !!!!
 The Keurig is great , I 'm on my second one-cup machine . The first one failed after a year and I pitched it in ignorance of the fact it merely had a clog that could easily be cleared . I thought the pump had failed ... not so ! Keurig has a very good diagnostic and instructional video on their web site to resolve most issues . To unclog , take a standard paper clip , and unbend it halfway . This is your high-tech tool ! Clogs come in two places . One affects the twin nozzles imbedded in the machine , located below the lift handle that says `` Keurig '' It is these twin nozzles that stream the water through either the Keurig cup or the do-it-yourself drop-in coffee holder . They are tiny openings . Unplug and tilt the machine away from you and stick the paper clip in both nozzles to clear any coffee grounds . For me , this was the source of the problem . Do this weekly to prevent recurrence . Then run a full cup of WATER ONLY through the machine to flush any remaining grounds . There is also a tiny hole in the drop-in used for the K-cups . This is the holder that has the VERY SHARP point used to puncture the K-cup . The holder is actually in two pieces , and they dis-assemble easily with a twist and a pull . Put the larger part of the holder -LRB- after you separate them -RRB- upside down and use your high-tech tool to clear any coffee from the little spout . After the weekly -LRB- or ` as necessary ' -RRB- de-clog , you should be good to go !
 Pretty good coffee for the average coffee drinker and very convenient . It splatters out of the cup , so I have placed the machine on a tray to keep the drips off my white kitchen counter . Please make a refillable cup so that I can fill with my own coffee ! I drink decaf and the choices are currently limited . I like espresso-strong coffee .
 Very convinent to use . As stated previopusly does not make strong coffee , but quick , easy and no mess clean-up . Perhaps the most irritating feature is that 7.5 ozs is not a lot of coffee , I find myself doubling up the brew cycle to fill my mug , easy to do with this machine - but doubling the cost . Still glad I got it .
 i found that co-workers were getting coffee from a secured room . little did i know that i was given access to this room when i was hired . after 2.5 years of trying different coffeemakers -LRB- the last one was the worst and is about to be returned -RRB- , i tried the keurig/green mountain nanucket blend . not bad , but nice and hot ! the next time i tried the hazelnut and it did n't improve things . i mentioned this to another worker and he said he only drinks green mountain columbian supremo . wow!more wow ! i went to target and they sell the b-40 ! i was under the impression that keurig was only a commercial product . now let me say that i am a budget conscious person , but after passing on the some of the premium thermal brewers and settling for a cheapie that i thought i could improve on , i will be purchasing a keurig quite soon . the main reason i will be making this purchase is for how hot it brews , and that is much better than having to heat a thermal carafe prior to brewing just to keep the coffee hot . the other obvious reason is the efficiency of cleaning - you do n't ! and , of course , it tastes so dang fresh.i just bought an electra cruiser called the daisy -LRB- it was a gift , okay ? -RRB- and i get excited riding it and thinking about riding it -LRB- hope this does n't read as naughty -RRB- , and the keurig is right up there ... almost cloud 9 .
 This coffee pot is great . I have had so many coffee makers and found the coffee horrible , until now . I used to spend time and money going out of my way so I could go to a coffee place and buy a good cup of coffee . I no longer have to do that . This maker makes great coffee consistently ! I do n't buy cups of coffee at all anymore ... I do n't need to ! Everyone who has a cup at my house feels the same way.Prior to purchasing this machine I read the reviews and was a little concerned about the rattling and noise . I half expected the coffee pot to be bouncing around on the counter . I personally do not think that it is that loud at all , it is more like a medium humming noise , and mine does not shake at all.I would definitely recommend this maker . I am not usually so effusive in reviews , but I am so pleased that I have found a maker which makes drinkable coffee after so many bad purchases -LRB- Cuisenart , Bunn , Braun , Mr. Coffee and a bunch of others -RRB- . K-cups are not difficult to get . I primarily buy the -LSB- ... -RSB- . Hopes this helps in your decision making !
 I roast and grind my own coffee but I do n't always have time for that and just want a single cup of coffee in a hurry . I 've tried several others pod type brewers and thought the coffee was terrible . The lack of coffee selection only makes them worse . The Keurig B50 is a great design . Attractive , well-built and flawless operation . The design of the K-Cups insures freshness . The selection and quality of brands is very good and what separates Keurig from the others . No Black & Decker french vanilla or Folders here . The brew is very smooth and sediment free . There is absolutely no cleanup . Pitch the K-Cup in the trash . No drips or anything . More expensive than others but well worth it if you actually want a good cup of coffee .
 Short and sweet . This brewer makes the best coffee I have ever made at home . K-Cups are on the pricey side but the convenience outweighs the cost . Average time for a fresh cup is 30-40 seconds and makes another as fast as you can put a new K-Cup in the machine . Hope I do n't wear it out as I use it 4-5 times per day . I have not tried any other type of single coffee brewer out there , but this one meets all my needs . Quality seems to be excellent .
 I purchased the Keurig Ultra B50 Coffee System because I was tired of over-paying for average tasting coffee at Starbucks and Caribou . I only drink one or two cups of coffee per day so I was only interested in the single-cup coffee systems . After several days of research and sampling other single-cup coffee systems including Senseo and Tassimo I decided to buy the Keurig . I was particulary impressed with the large selection of K-Cup choices . I was also impressed that you can brew your own grinded coffee with a reusable filter assembly that is sold separately by Keurig.struckreview
 I have the B-50 . This is a very convenient machine that provides consistently good coffee time after time , while at the same time being easy to use with virtually no clean-up required . I like the Green Mountain Dark Magic blend , and really like the Van Houtte Eclipse Blend . These are extra dark , extra bold blends that allow you to make 7oz . cups of very full bodied coffee . I just ordered more of the Van Houtte cups , as well as a box of the Green Mountain French Roast Decaf from Amazon , -LRB- free shipping , of course ... -RRB- and am hoping that the decaf is as good.I wanted a one-cup machine that would provide a good cup of coffee . I believe I have found it with the Keurig B-50 .
 Our small office was constantly throwing out half pots of old coffee , plus the coffeepot was left on overnight a couple of times , plus we had a wide range of tastes with regard to ideal coffee strength . So we decided to try a single-serve coffee maker . We selected the Keurig B50 because of the option of the filter you can fill with your own coffee -LRB- we purchased our unit from Williams-Sonoma in 2005 , the filter will be widely available in 2006 -RRB- . We were concerned the coffee might have a vending-machine quality , but it is very good , especially compared to the drip coffee makers in most offices . We previously had a Bunn and a Krups , and were using fresh ground Starbucks beans . The Keurig produces superior coffee in every way -- hotter , more aromatic , and more flavorful . My parents purchased a Black & Decker ; single serve machine for $ 20 because they do n't drink coffee , and just wanted the machine for when we kids come to visit -- now that is terrible vending-machine tasting coffee . I may buy them a Keurig just so I never have to endure another cup made in the B&D. ; It is a joy to come in to the office in the morning , turn on the machine -LRB- there is a timer function , which we have n't gotten around to programming yet -RRB- , have it ready to go by the time you have poured your milk into your mug and microwaved it , and one minute later have a steaming cup of coffee . I find that my preferred amount of milk and the large setting on the Keurig fills a larger than average -LRB- but not jumbo -RRB- mug . And using the large setting does n't compromise the taste -- although we tend to buy French Roast and Extra Bold coffees , which probably helps.Our original thought was to use the refillable filter provided to save money over buying the K-cups . However , while the filter is nice to have on hand if you run out of K-cups , using it takes away some of the big advantages of the Keurig -- making a fast cup of coffee with no mess and no clean-up . Filling the filter is a bit fiddly -- unscrew top , fill the small filter basket , clean off rim , screw top back on -- and you usually wind up spilling coffee grounds on the counter . And then afterwards you have to clean out the filter so the next person can use it , and the filter drips as you carry it to the sink . We quickly convinced ourselves that with the spillage , we were n't really saving money over the K-cups -- that 's our story , we 're sticking to it.As for tea , we had an electric kettle which was rarely used , since it shut itself off as soon as the water reached boiling , and if you were n't there immediately , you had to turn it on again to get the water back to optimal temperature . Since getting the Keurig , half the office has become addicted to the Bigelow green tea K-cup as an afternoon pick-me-up . We got the B50 just before Christmas , and a couple of people have already purchased it for their homes . I currently use the Bialetti stovetop cappuccino maker at home , but I am very tempted to also get myself a Keurig . If they come out with a hot chocolate K-cup , I will definitely be getting one .
 i love the keurig ! great coffe in seconds . no more `` did you make coffee yet ? '' we make coffee when we want it . i no longer pour half a pot of wasted coffee down the drain every day . i also love the variety of coffee companies offering k-cups
 Have been contemplating gettting one of these for a while . Went ahead and bought it and I am so glad I did . Makes excellent coffee and tea , and is so fast . Perfect for my husband and I. Makes a perfect , hot cup of coffee every time . My husband was a bit skeptical at first but now he is a convert . We love it !
 We 've had it for almost 3 months now ... it 's great for a cup of coffee or two . If you have a taste for a coffee after dinner or later in the evening it is a great asset . No need to setup the 10cup grind and brew and clean it afterwards , just use the Keurig ! We use it about every evening .
 I love my Keurig B50 . It takes only seconds to make a wonderful cup of coffee . There are many different K-cups to choose from , so you have a nice variety to choose from every day . This machine is fantastic for one or two people . For a group of people , I bring out my Krups and brew a couple of pots.I love the Keurig !
 Since neither my husband nor I drink a lot of coffee , these one-cup wonders are actually more economical to use than a large coffee maker . They are also easy to use , and turn out to be great fun at a dinner party when everyone gets to pick his or her own flavor , including tea . Interchanging tea and coffee in the machine never leaves an aftertaste . All in all , an excellent product !
 I purchased this coffee maker and have been completely happy with it . I have already purchased additional K-Cups from Van Houtte and think their coffee is top notch . I received my B50 about a week before Christmas and many of family and friends asked about it . I told them about it and after they asked for a cup of coffee they thought it made good coffee.My wife does not like coffee , so the B50 offers me the ability to make a single cup without the waste of an entire pot.I love my Kuerig and would recommend it to anyone who likes coffee . Making great coffee has never been so simple !!!
 I bought this product for my wife a couple of months ago . It seems better built than any other single cup coffee maker I have seen . It works well , is easy to use and maintain . Lots of coffees made for it . My wife is pleased . One caveat
 My autodrip required making -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- at least six cups to get the right flavor ... anything less was too weak . I usually have two cups in the AM ... and throw the rest away . Now I make it fresh when I want it , in 10 % of the time and the coffee is better !
 I gave this Keurig to my husband for Christmas and He LOVES it . I am not a coffee drinker , but I love the Tea . My husband has tried many different coffees , and has not disliked one yet ! Easy and convenient , great for a coffee -LRB- or tea -RRB- addict !!!
 I just got this coffee maker a few days ago & I am loving it :-RRB- It is so fast & the coffee is so BOLD . Not a bit weak as I had feared it might be . I think it tends to be stronger because of the technique this one uses than in a drip coffeemaker because it 's not hot water dripping thru a basket . I sometimes run a 7 oz mug thru & then lift the handle & close it again with the same K-cup still in & then run a 5 oz cup right behind it to fill a bigger mug or a travel mug . It 's still just the right amount of strong , & I am usually one who likes a good strong cup of coffee . I also really love all the variety with the coffees.For a while , at least until I recoup the cost of the coffee maker , I just wo n't order coffee with my dinner in a restaurant -LRB- so many times it 's watery or cold anyway & it 's hard to get someone to bring you that 2nd cup -RRB- . I 'll just come home & pick a flavor & brew my own strong , hot , flavored coffee . I was n't even a bit tempted by Starbucks today :-RRB- I knew I had the best waiting for me at home .
 We got a version of this at work a month ago . 5 people went out and bought it within a few weeks , including me . It 's amazing and simple and fast and perfect . I would tell anyone who drinks coffee to toss their old coffee makers and get this one . You wo n't regret it !
 A very good friend of mine turned me onto this machine . I thought that , for the price , this thing better not only make a mean cup of coffee , but also clean the kitchen and make the bed : -RRB- I purchased this for my roommate 's shop . He loves his coffee , but is n't always so quick about cleaning up the pot at the end of the day , leading to more than one science experiement after the coffee sits all weekend . OY ! I figured that this machine would be the best thing for him . It offered easy clean-up , and you did n't have coffee-pods sitting all wet and icky to deal with once you brewed your cup . And the thing makes tea , an added bonus . Including Twinnings , which is my favorite . And now there 's hot chocolate!When I want coffee , I just want a cup . This is PERFECT for me - to the point where there 's now one in my house , too ! The one at his shop is a hit with customers who enjoy the selection and ease of getting a fresh , hot cup of coffee or tea . And he can have a hot cup of coffee anytime , rather than some 4-hour old pot that 's been simmering on `` warm '' all day.If you have one of these and HAVE N'T picked up the MyKCup yet , do yourself a favor and do it . It works really well ! While it does n't have the * quick * cleanup of just pitching the used K-Cup , it 's pretty simple to clean .
 Bought this at Bed Bath and Beyond , Amazon is offering a better price now , I 'm bummed out about that . But I Love the Machine , 3 coffee drinkers everybody likes something different , the brew your own cup instead of wasting a pot is Great Idea.I like the Extra Bold Dark Roast too and Green Mountain makes a Southern Pecanso far those are my staples.I will try the suggestions the other poster had about reducing the noise , that is my only complaint about the machine hence four stars instead of five.My advice - Buy it .
 My husband and I recently stayed at a high end B&B. ; They had a Keurig B2003 . We were so impressed by the quality of the coffee that we ordered a B50 from Amazon during our stay.We 've been extremely happy with our purchase . The brewer has an attractive design and is extremely well made . The quality and variety of the K-cups is super . I like flavored and dark roast coffees , my husband prefers medium roast . This allows us to both have what we like!We figured it out and the cost is actually less than buying coffee for our old brewer because there 's no waste . Shop the Web and you can get the K-cups for as little as $ .34 each -LRB- with no shipping -RRB- . Cleanup consists of tossing the used K-cup and wiping the drip tray with a damp sponge.The brewer has a timer that allows you to turn it off and on at specified times . We leave ours on as we have n't noticed a significant jump in our electric bill and we like the convenience of having the brewer ready instantly at all times.On the down side , my travel mug requires 2 brew cycles to fill . Also , it does buzz and vibrate briefly when pumping water from the reservoir . These are small trade-offs for super coffee.This brewer is perfect for us . Really hot , delicious coffee in seconds.Update
 I first experienced this coffee maker at a local business and was intrigued because of the incredible selection of high quality teas and coffees . When my husband said he needed a new coffee maker for his home away from home -LRB- business -RRB- , I considered this one.My husband programs the maker to heat the water just before he wakes and then turn off as he heads out the door . The only problem is that he finds himself drinking coffee more often now because he knows he can get a great cup in less than a minute.Added two years later.This coffee maker is starting to show it 's age . I have to make sure to turn it off at night or it wo n't work the entire next day . It stopped entirely for awhile but after running white vinegar through it , got a second wind . If it goes , though , I 'll just buy a new one.Added three years later.This Keurig finally bit the dust - would n't pump water anymore . But I have since bought three more B60s - that 's how much I love them . The only time I use my traditional drip pot anymore is to save money with crowds .
 We recently purchased this single-cup brewer as a supplement to our usual routine of grinding coffee daily and brewing a full pot . We like strong coffee , so we were concerned that we would not have sufficiently flavorful brew with the new Keurig B-50 . However , with the new K-cup options for `` Bold '' -LRB- = 20 % more coffee per unit -RRB- , and the cup size set to the smaller 6-oz . option , we are enjoying coffee-shop strength and quality coffee ! Notes
 HI , my name is Michele and I have a coffee problem ... LOVE IT . They say the first step in recovery is to admitt you have a problem . WELL there is no problem getting a good cup of coffee NOW . I used to drive 20 minutes out of my way to Starbucks for coffee . NOT NOW . Love everything , easy , no mess , fast , durable , fair price !!! SO many online companies , -LRB- try ebay -RRB- as well as Target sell the Kcups that I can make my own favortite lattes , and caramel this or that ... I bought my machine at BJ 's , came with 90 free K-cups and total price was 129.00 . I have purchased OH SO MANY makers and thought enough is enough , I had given up . I have found true love again !!!! -LRB- i think my husband is worried about the relationship i have with my Keurig -RRB-
 I have the B60 and finally my search for a good cup of coffee is OVER ! I have tried numerous coffeemakers -LRB- the last one cost 200.00 -RRB- , filtered water , bottled water and anything else I could think of that MIGHT improve my coffee . Nothing helped . My daughter claims it always tasted like ` plant dirt ' . Well to make a long story short I purchased the Keurig after experiencing this wonderful system at work . It makes the best cup of coffee , heats up very quickly , virtually no cleanup , I can use tap water and it is hot ! There are so many wonderful coffees to choose from . My favorite is Columbian Supremo , and Nantucket Blend . This coffeemaker is AWESOME !!!
 Their customer service is unbelievably great !!!! A product is only as great as the customer service , because inevitably there is a problem and poor customer service can quickly turn you off to your once favorite product . Keurig is excellent all the way around!Unfortunately , I melted a part of the coffee maker in the dishwasher . I could n't find the part on Keurig 's website and did n't feel it was right to return it to the store since it really was my fault . I contacted their customer service department and they returned my email the same day and although they do not normally sell the part , they agreed to ship me a replacement part -- they even threw in some coffee . As you can imagine , I was thrilled and will only buy Keurig from now on .
 Great idea for any home or business where only a one or few cups of coffee are needed . K-Cup tea is very good too . Wish maker had larger cup portion . Also when dispensing just hot water you get residual from previous coffee/tea made . Overall would buy it again .
 This is by far the best coffee system I have had the pleasure of owning . The numerous , high qualtity gourmet coffees and teas that are available in the K-Cups are wonderful . The cup of coffee or tea that you brew with this system is superb and the Keurig brewing system also looks great on my kitchen counter . I have owned one of the other pod systems and it does not even compare to the quality , ease of use and care of the Keurig . I am very happy with my investment in this system !
 The Keurig B50 makes a decent cup coffee in seconds , with almost no cleanup required . The coffee selection is the largest of any of the single cup brewers , and all the varieties I 've tried have ranged from satisfactory to good . Making coffee is not going to get much easier
 I love a cup of fresh brewed coffee and this machine does it for me . I had a Melita One Cup that brewed lukewarm coffee and I gave it away . I read the reviews here and decided to invest in the Keurig , thinking I would send it back if it was n't good . I love this machine !! The coffee that Timothy 's and Green Mountain sells as K Cups is awesome . I figure that after three months of avoiding Starbucks , it will pay for itself . I have to say that I 'm a latte person so I microwave about a third of a cup of milk first and then brew the coffee into it . So good .
 I have had my Keurig B50 for about two weeks , purchased as an early Christmas present for myself . The reason I purchased it was because my wife drinks decaf coffee and I drink caffeinated . We have a very good 10-cup coffee maker from Cuisinart -LRB- Grind & Brew -RRB- ; but decaf turns out to be the least common denominator when we both want coffee , and setup and cleanup are what you would expect for a brew-style coffee maker.The B50 is well made , and although many parts are plastic , it weighs about twice as much as our other machine . The machine setup is very quick . There is minimum assembly required , and a quick soap and water wash of the water reservoir and cover readied the machine . You have to prime the machine -LRB- a one-time operation -RRB- , which is basically filling the reservoir , turning the machine on , and pressing a button . The quick-start instructions are well done and easy to follow . It only takes a minute or so to accomplish - somewhat different than some of the less expensive machines . Other reviewers have remarked that it 's a bit noisy , but I do n't agree . It makes a little noise , but my grind & brew machine sounds like a jet getting ready to take off . Consequently this machine seems much , much quieter to me.Making coffee is just as easy . You pull up the handle , insert the K-cup of your choice , push down the handle , and press the brew button . In less than 30 seconds , you have a hot cup of coffee . Remove the used K-cup and clean up has been accomplished as well . Very , very easy to use . There are other setup options , like setting the time on the clock , and some other things like automatic turn-on/turn-off that I have not bothered to do . When you turn the machine on , it takes about 30-45 seconds to warm up and be ready to brew , so I really do n't think it 's worth killing all those brain cells trying to figure out how to use the automatic on feature , and then redoing it every time the cleaning lady decides she needs to unplug the machine to clean the counters.The machine makes excellent coffee for my taste . As I mentioned , it comes out hot , which is a major requirement for both my wife and me . There are 2 brewing strengths , a small cup at about 5 + oz . and a `` large '' cup at 7 + oz . You do n't realize how little that is until you try it . If you 're used to drinking a Starbucks Vente in the morning , then this coffee maker might not be for you . For me , it turns out to be OK , but it 's one feature that I 'm not crazy about . More on that later.I have tried a couple of different brands and strengths of K-cups , and I prefer the bolder varieties . I happen to like Green Mountain coffee , so that was a plus for me . The machine comes with an 18-pack of samples , which did n't last very long . I could n't find K-cups in the supermarkets yet , so I ordered from Keurig on line . If you buy 4 boxes -LRB- 25 K-cups each -RRB- you get free shipping , which is the route I took . I was OK doing that since I liked some of the coffees from the sample box . They also have 5-cup boxes , so you can try a few other brands/strengths to see what you like . The coffee was shipped promptly and came in a couple of days - in time for Christmas ! There are several different brands , and I 'm sure there will be more varieties as more and more people take the plunge.Now for the bad news . Some of the coffees brew a bit on the watery side . I stick with the bolder varieties , as I mentioned , and the coffee comes out good for my taste . If you prefer very strong coffee , then I would not recommend this . The K-cups are a little expensive per cup vs. ground coffee . A 25-cup box is $ 13.95 w/o shipping or about $ .55 / cup . I have n't been able to find a source for K-cups locally yet , so for the time being I am stuck with mail order.The brew size is also a bit of a drawback . I usually drink coffee out of a pretty big mug , and even the large size cup is just about half a mug . Of course you can brew two K-cups for one cup of coffee , albeit one at a time , and you can still have a full cup of coffee in about 1 minute . Acceptable , if a bit more expensive . Based on experimentation urged by my youngest son , I brew twice using the same K-cup , and it still makes pretty good coffee . Just do n't do both on the large setting . One small brew and one large brew seems to work out best for me.We used our machine over the holidays , for parties of 12 or more . It 's surprisingly fast to do for large groups - about as fast as brewing a full 10-cup pot of coffee . It 's so simple to use that people were brewing their own coffee after being shown once . It was fun , and I think we made several converts.All things considered , I am very happy with my purchase . I can have fresh coffee any time I want , and my wife can have decaf and I can have regular . The small brew size and expense of the K-cups are small drawbacks , and I took away one star for these `` features '' . All things considered , however , this was an excellent investment for me .
 One of the great joys in life is a special cup of morning coffee . The Keurig B50 makes enjoying a morning cup -LRB- and mid-morning , afternoon , evening ... anytime -RRB- cup easy and convenient . I love the ease and speediness of this brewer . I also love that I have no more grinds to deal with . And best of all I love that I can choose 2 different blends idependent of each other -LRB- 2 cups in the morning -RRB- . I am not tied to an entire pot!If you are a coffee lover and enjoy a variety of gourmet coffees , this type of system is for you . If you are a huge coffee drinker and love your Maxwell House or Folgiers -LRB- drink a pot all by yourself -RRB- , than this might be quite an expensive habit for you . There are websites that offer great deals on your K-cups -LRB- as well as a great range of brands -RRB- . If you are like my partner and I , you make a `` Coffee tasting '' hobby out of it . It costs more than a cup of Maxwell house ... but it offers joys far beyond.If coffee is all about form and function for you . This system is worth it . Be prepared to spend more for your morning cup . Also , if you are a person like I was who drank two-fists worth of coffee in the morning ... prepare yourself for a true and consistent 4 oz . or 8 oz . cup with verve ... not a 16 oz cup . You will soon find out what a nice cup of coffee really tastes like , and that 4 good ounces far outweigh 12 mediocre ones .
 I have had this unit for over a year and could not live without it . Its simple to use and fast . I have converted two of my friends over when they tried it out . Some say the coffee is expensive , but is really comes out cheaper when you think about how much coffee you toss out because it is too old or you made too much .
 My friend told me about it on the phone , said she got it at BJ 's for $ 129 and it came with 40 K-cups . I went over that day and bought it . Loved it . It stopped working 6 weeks later . I called them , told them what happened , they said a new one was on it 's way and I only needed to send back the little plastic insert and they would pay for shipping it . I got my new machine like a day later , and it 's been working like a charm ever since . I am able to buy a bazillion different K-cups , which is an addiction now , and usually have at least 10 boxes on my counter . My three daughters love using it , I can use my own ground coffee with the extra filter , so if I want Starbucks , I can have it , and I use my Welsh tea bags in it as well . If I want hot chocolate , the water is super hot immediately . My friend and I have talked up this machine to everyone we know , and most of them end up getting it . I would love to have the B-70 but ca n't bring myself to pay the $ 200 yet . There is nothing negative I can say about the machine , or the company , or the coffee . I 'm drinking a cup as I type .
 My daughter was given one of these as a H.S. graduation present to take to college . I tried a few cups . I was so impressed , I had to throw out my current 3 machines and buy this , the B50.There is a very large variety of coffees available . I enjoy some of the roasts much more than the others . With the right blends , the stronger ones , this machine makes the best coffee I have ever tasted from a home machine . I pay about 40 cents per pod at BJ 's or on line . So , it is quite economical with no waste.The machine is also quick and easy . Virtually no cleaning . No mess with the disposal of the self contained pods.I do n't keep the water hot all the time . I usually make coffee only in the early morning . Occasionaly I have a cup after dinner . The machine will turn itself on , pre-heating at a pre-set time . So brewing only takes about 30 seconds . For after dinner it 's only an added 2 minutes for the first cup.After 55 years , I have found true love .
 I love this brewing system . My husband likes a great cup of coffee -LRB- which he always gets with this machine -RRB- , but I prefer tea . One of the great things about this brewer is the tea never gets that `` coffee aftertaste '' that you can get by brewing tea in other coffee makers . Whether you use the tea K-Cups -LRB- which are very good -RRB- or just use a stream of hot water with your own tea bags , you 'll have a fresh tasting cup of tea every time . Our children can use this machine to make hot chocolate for themselves , too.We 've used this machine more than we ever used any other coffee maker/teapot we 've owned . Excellent quality and great tasting beverages whether it 's coffee , tea or hot chocolate .
 Picture this
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE . Easy , quick , painless , no clean-up , great cup of Joe . What more could you ask for in your morning coffee ? I flipping love Keurig and all that they 've done to improve upon our mornings . If you do n't have one yet , you 're missing out . I love mine . So much so , that if it broke today , I 'd be at the store purchasing another this afternoon . Damn straight .
 I am just writing to comment on how wonderful the customer service dept is at Keurig . I purchased a Keurig last January and we love it ! We love the variety of coffees and teas and the terrific flavors of them all ! Recently we had problems with the brewing light staying on and the machine continually said to descale . I called the trouble hot line and we went through several days of trying to descale and trouble shoot . After realizing that the machine was faulty ... the company sent me another machine !!! This was even after the year warranty was up ! They also sent me a free 24 pack of coffee of my choice for my time and aggravation . They only thing that I was asked to do ... was to send back the K-cup holder.Wow ... we were even more impressed when I received my new coffee maker in two days !!!!!!! I am very impressed !
 Purchased my Keurig a year ago - love it , love the Amazon subscription system for K Cups . My unit FAILED at 1 year ... thought I was just SOL - on a whim called Keurig expecting nothing . They took some info and in less than a week a NEW KEURIG was on my door stop ! Wow ! Ca n't say enough about the company and the product !
 I have had my Keurig for over a year now and I am still crazy about it . I drink the Island Coconut Coffee and it is the best coffee that I have ever made at home . I highy recommend this machine .
 I have 2 Keurig brewers . I have an older model that makes a lot of noise when filling but the newer ones are very quiet and the vibration is much less . And I have a newer Select that is very quiet . The trick is finding the coffee that you prefer . Once you know what you like , join the Keurig coffee club . they send you the coffee in boxes of 24 pods . And if you order 6 boxes at a time , you get free shipping and a free sample box of 5 pods . I do this every couple of months and store the coffee in the closet of my guest room . Its much cheaper than tracking it down at specialty stores locally . And they stand behind their product so register your serial number . They Fed Exed me a replacement for a faulty brewer and had it to me in 48 hours .
 flush system well ... up to 20 times to remove plastic taste . almost returned before i read another review . coffee not very strong , but still good .
 Best Machine around , works perfectly , love the choices of coffee available . I am still trying them all . Everyone can have the coffee they want and no clean up . Also love it for making hot chocolate . Just put the powdered chocolate mix in your cup and press the button and it dispenses hot water . Want to use your own coffee too ... No problem they even sell an accessory for that . Best machine and coffee around . I highly recommend it .
 This coffee maker is great for people on the go with little time for brewing . It 's clean and fast .
 Gave it as a gift on 11/25/05 . It 's still working . It 's fast , efficient and easy maintenance . Several flavors can be purchased on-line or at stores such as Target .
 My guy and I LOVE this little machine . It heats up water very quickly -LRB- something we used to rely on our Sunbeam Teadrop to do , before it took on an awful flavor after awhile -RRB- which is great to use for things like instant cream of wheat and oatmeal in the morning , not just coffee and tea!The K-cups are amazing in taste ; I was a barista -LRB- coffee slinger - think gal behind the counter of a starbucks -RRB- for three years and I ground the beans fresh every morning . I have n't smelled or tasted anything close to the coffee I used to make there in any commercial setup until now . The K-cups keep their contents fresh and tasty , and there 's no messy leakage from the pod when you take it back out.There is a loud WHIRRRR for about 5-10 seconds after the cup is brewed as the machine takes in more water , but it 's no worse than any other countertop appliance , in my opinion . Unless you have cats that scare easily or a grumpy hubby that sleeps in when you 're getting ready in the morning , I do n't see it being an issue.Stays clean , performs well , and it 's super-quick if you 'd rather hit the snooze button than get up and make coffee . You can even set it to turn on in the morning : -RRB- In the interest of full disclosure , someone was throwing this out in our apartment complex , so we figured what the hey , we 'll check it out . No water was coming out , even though the machine was whirring , buzzing , screen was showing up - all systems go except water through the brew spout . My fiance tinkered with it and ended up pinching the small rubber valve that extends into the water tank , forcing the water to `` flush '' out the lines . A vinegar rinse run-through , a coffee maker cleaner powder run-through , and voila - worked like a brand new machine . If you have issues with yours ... do n't rely on the customer service line ; educate yourself in online forums and try the things I described above before plunking down $ $ on another !
 I purchased the Keurig B50 for my husband for Christmas . He loves his coffee and had mentioned using the Keurig at work , but I was skeptical that a single serve coffee maker would live up to my husbands expectations of a good cup of coffee , let alone mine.I 'm happy to say , the Keurig B50 certainly exceeded my expectations for single serve coffee makers . This machine makes a consistantly good cup of coffee . I had been worried that I would n't be able to find coffee for this unit , but have found that fear to be unfounded . Besides the K-Cups here on Amazon , pages of outlets appear on a google search . The cost for the K-Cups can be daunting at first , but when I considered the amount of coffee I pour down the drain each day because it 's gone cold/old in the pot , we 're finally getting our monies worth as there is no waste with the Keurig.The Keurig B50 is easy to use , does n't have a large footprint and is a breeze to clean -- a damp cloth takes care of the front . With the clear water reservoir , you know when to refill , and if by chance on an early morning you miss that your water level is low , the machine wo n't brew until you add water.On the minus , it does make a bit of noise when it heats up , but the grinder on our coffee maker was loud as well . The display on the B-50 is not backlit , but once you learn what button does what , no problem.We like our coffee strong so we brew on the smallest cup setting , but I do wish they 'd pack a bit more inside the cup for those of us who really enjoy a bold punch of caffeine.A word to the wise -- if you purchase this machine , please make sure you flush the unit repeatedly before making your first cup of coffee . We ran the unit until the smell of plastic was barely noticable , -LRB- 10-15 times -RRB- and our first cups of coffee were enjoyable . Do yourself a favor and do n't skip this step.All in all , a great unit . Ease of use and plenty of coffee and tea choices on the market make the Keurig a good choice .
 I saw this coffee maker at my neighbors and had to have it . I had been using a grind and brew machine for several years and had stopped making coffee in the morning because it was too loud at 5am and I had to clean 6 parts after each use.I got the B50 . I do n't find it to be as loud as my neighbor 's B100 -LRB- see review by shoe lover -RRB- . A limited number of coffees can be found at Will Sonoma and Bed Bath & Beyond -LRB- at a premium -RRB- . Online there are many retailers where you can buy boxes of 25-100 kcups for less than $ .50 ea.Last weekend I had a gathering of 10 people . I pulled out a box of assorted coffee and everyone had what they preferred -LRB- reg , decaf , dark roast , fr van , hazel -RRB- . Everyone was impressed and two people said that they were going to buy it . I think that you will have the same results.Enjoy !
 I just had to join in on the Keurig Love-Fest ! When entering into the Single-Cup Brewer market , my husband and I researched and tried Tassimo . In a word
 I must say that I was not jumping up and down over the prospect of a single cup coffee maker . Being a fan of fresh ground coffee I thought this was a ridiculous idea that was not suited for my lifestyle . Well ... I was wrong ! When my wife was in the hospital giving birth to my daughter I made a friend . The Keurig brewer in the lounge was there for me day and night producing flavorful cups of Green Mountain coffee . I was still skeptical about the home version but I could not be more pleased . The coffee tastes consistently fresh and delicious . I thought my wife would think this was just another waste of money but she uses it more than me and absolutely loves it . Good coffee with virtually no clean up ... perfect . I will say that this price on Amazon is insane . I do n't think I have ever seen this model sell for this much . I got mine at Costco with 81 k-cups for $ 120.00 .
 I bought my Keurig here at Amazon-the B50 model-had a coupon for 20 % off and they also threw in the my K-cup adapter to use your own coffee ! Total for all -LRB- including an 18 cup k-cup package -RRB- was $ 34 off listed price w / free shipping ! Which is less than the coffee brewer system alone ! I just love it-whoever thought of this is a genius-easiest ever-and I checked out plenty of similiar systems.You put the k-cup in and in less than 10 seconds you have a steaming hot cup of coffee or tea !! I also have discovered that to make more than the largest size-7 + ounces you keep the same k-cup in and hit the smallest size next-the coffee is still great and fills my travel mug perfectly ! Next to nothing cleaning-just wipe off the outside-and the tray can easily be removed to fit my travel mug . I am really enjoying the k-cup beverages that came with the system-already have planned to buy more varieties ! Now I can have a hot beverage anytime I want ! Also , the large cup size is almost 8oz so I use no cup and can have boiling water for oatmeal , instant soup , making jello , and for cooking when you need it . It looks really sharp too !!
 Coming from the ritualistic grind your own & brew scenario for years -LRB- Mellita and Cuisinart -RRB- , figured I would test out single cup brewers when my Mellita died . My expectations were shaped based on experience with a commercial Flavia unit in our UK offices a few years back -LRB- positive experience -RRB- . The B50 unit is designed really nicely and has a quality feel to it -LRB- it is made in China -RRB- . It heats water rapidly and is relatively silent . Using regular coffees , I am finding that I need to use 2 k-cups on the smaller setting to come even close to the taste -LRB- robust -RRB- that I desire ... That is until I sampled Green Mountain extra-bold coffees ! With extra-bold , I can use the large setting and get a satisfying cup every time .
 Had coffee from it at a friends brunch and loved the conveience that the guests had coffee when they wanted it . It was sooo delcious . Went out the next day and bought it . Found that the local bath store caries the k-cups but only 18 . If you search the internet you can find them for about 8 dollars a box of twenty five and if you spend fifty you get free shipping . My husband made fun of me for getting this and he uses it more than I do . I never had white plastic in my cups , and My husband asks if you can run it through twice to fill his travel mug and I see that someone does that . Christmas Eve it was a hit with people picking out their own flavors andn I did not have to clean up . Best of all the coffee is so good and I think three people will buy this machine . I dont care about the cost of the K - cups because I like the conveneinece and that is what it is to me and their is a price to that . I can have my quick cup in the morning and then another when I drop the little ones off at school and not have to dump out a pot of coffee . I woud recommend this and to also search the web for k-cup deals , they are out there . Good luck and enjoy your coffee .
 I love this coffee pot and love the dark magic from green mountainsome of the others -LRB- natucket blend -RRB- are to weak . and the coffee from amazon is way to expensive try your local market or target
 The Keurig brews a very good cup of coffee . Personally , however , I like my coffee on the stronger side . And I like variety . Green Mountain Coffee -LRB- great coffee -RRB- sells the unit for $ 149 and ships it with 24 free K-cups . Just FYI - Brookstone sells a very durable single brew maker for $ 30 . It 's been my mainstay for 4 years now and I 've never had a problem . Great little unit . Pack the mini-metal filter with your favorite grind or tea - and you 're good to go . Comes with a cute little stainless cup too .
 As a self-described Keurig enthusiast , we would like to hear your opinions about your Keurig Brewing System . There are absolutely no sales involved , you will not be contacted , and your answers will be kept confidential and anonymous . Do you have a few minutes to fill out a quick five question survey about your Keurig coffee machine ? -LSB- ... -RSB-
 My wife actually is the big coffee drinker in the house , and she loves this machine . She did n't want to get it at first , because it 's non-traditional . But it was recommended by someone who is very into gourmet foods and none of the traditional coffee makers had good reviews , so she went with this one . She absolutely loves it , and we have since gotten many people onto these machines . So many that we actually started a forum called lovemykeurig.com for people to share their keurig likes/dislkes and even recipes . Get it , and you wo n't regret it .
 My eight-year-old can make my coffee.She does n't want to drink it , just make it - and that 's okay with me for right now . She enjoys being able to help , and being really cool to watch our new coffeepot in action is part of that excitement . We 've added an Keurig Ultra B50 to our countertop , and she 's not the only one enjoying the new functional appliance beside the sink.This past month , with our old machine giving us fits -LRB- I explained to my folks that I just had `` issues with our coffeepot '' -RRB- , I dug into lots of coffeepot information , surfing the ` net for details and reviews on the single-cup brewers instead of the normal pots . We needed a new machine , and it just seemed that the Keurig came out above the others . I decided to give it a shot.It 's looks like a small spaceship sitting on the counter , really cool between the sink and the coffee fixin 's . The Ultra B50 has an LCD menu on the right side for setting the time and optional turn-on/turn-off timer , and for selecting your size for the brew , 5.25 oz or 7.25 oz . On the left is the water container - water is pulled into the machine and pre-heated for each fresh cup . A K-Cup , the coffee or tea blends provided by quite a few different brands , is placed into the machine , and two sharp prods poke into the cup from above and below . Water is pushed down through the coffee within the K-Cup , out through the self-contained filter , and finally through the bottom of the capsule to the coffee cup waiting on the removable splash guard below . It 's that easy , and a few splatter drops on the counter are nothing compared to the occasional 40oz of coffee mess I was cleaning with the old pot . I 'm all about process steps , and this is quicker and easier than anything we 've tried like this before.But for all the coolness of the machine 's footprint on our counter and the experience for the kids , it would n't be worth it if it did n't taste good - but it does , and that 's where that surprising factor from last summer is still playing out . Keurig was kind enough to send a large assortment of blends , and we 've enjoyed all the taste-testing of the various K-Cups to find those flavors that we like the best . Vicki has settled on the Breakfast Blends and French Vanilla flavored cups . I 'm leaning towards the Kenyan and all of the new Tully 's offerings , and towards the Hazelnut for my own flavored tastes . The milder blends are as strong as our `` bold '' from before , and there 's a fullness without bitterness that 's really good from the first sip . Normally , I doctor my cup with whatever flavored creamer we have in the fridge , no sweetener - but even with trying the new coffee at full tilt black , I could n't taste any of the normal bitterness from before . In that way it 's like our French press - except that the machine is still really cool to use in making just one cup at a time . The decaf coffee is just as good as the regular , and we 're finding that the blended teas available from Timothy 's and Celestial Seasonings are very nice for that need to calm and relax before bedtime . They all smell incredible when brewing , especially the aromatic flavored blends , another welcome addition to the atmosphere around the house.We 've found that `` dark roast '' blends are a very strong brew that can leave a little thicker aftertaste . But the other flavors had their own benefits , and we can stick with them instead . My Dad , the person who walks into Starbucks asking , `` Do you have just coffee ? '' , enjoyed two cups of the Green Mountain Lake & Lodge . I 've never seen him drink two cups , and that might be the most ringing endorsement right there . For me , it 's the ability to make the coffee I want , just as much as I want , and it tastes wonderful without leaving a mess all over.In opting for the Keurig , I wanted a machine that would taste at least as good as I remembered from last year , and that would change up our experience with our morning coffee . That 's the time we really go for a cup - I take two cups , one for the commute and one for the office , and Vicki gets one for her trek into school . Before , we 'd make a whole pot , use three travel mugs , and end up wasting a fourth or so of the coffee each morning . Now , we make what we like , only what we 'll drink , and the pot will wait for us 'til next time without the waste , the fuss.And the fact the our kids can make us coffee , that 's just an added benefit of getting the Keurig . They 'll thank us later , I 'm sure .
 This is an item that we use when you want just one cup of coffee . It is most useful when you have company and your urn or pot of coffee has run out . Your guests can always have their choice of K-cups . The coffee is alway hot and fresh and no mess to clean up . It can be pricey if used on a daily basis .
 Coming from a coffee loving culture and living in a coffee crazed country -LRB- Italy - where you can have more than 25 types of coffee prepared in corner coffee bar ... -RRB- I was looking for an easy way to prepare coffee at home without too much fuzz or drips or mess . I believe I found it on the Keurig B50.Having had the B50 for more than 2 weeks I believe I 'm qualified to give an un-biased opinion . As far as the coffee offered on the K-Cups there are some good ones and some that I find a bit weak - personally I go more for the espresso type or the `` bold extra dark '' - these I found in the major makers of the K-Cups
 This is the only machine that I 've tried of the four that actually makes a GOOD cup of coffee . I see people complaining about the strength of the coffee - maybe they did n't read their little handy guides that tells you how to make a stronger cup . And the variety is the widest of ANY of the single serve machines . If you like Sanka and Nescafe instant coffee this will not live up to your `` high '' expectations but for serious coffee drinkers who enjoy a perfectly brewed cup of coffee , this one 's for you !
 My wife and I love this coffee maker ! She works days and I work nights , so making a pot of coffee was too much for one . This allows us to make a single cup in 10-15 seconds . Instant gratification ! And if one of us wants to try a flavored coffee brand , the other does not have to `` endure '' the entire pot . I dropped a star for two reasons1 -RRB- this is more expensive then brewing coffee by the pot .2 -RRB- Our favorite coffee brand `` Coffee People '' , has gone out of business and it is getting harder and harder to find that brand in K-cups !
 The system is fast and easy to use . Brews a great cup of coffee !
 I recently purchased the Keurig B50 to take to work . I was looking for something that I could have in my office to make coffee at any time of the work day and that would dispense hot water for my cup-o-noodles . This machine fit the bill.When researching what machine to purchase , I looked at a lot of the pod single serve machines . I immediately discounted the Senseo and Black and Decker because they seemed so cheap and flimsy when I tested them in the store . I looked at the Keurig B50 at William Sonoma and liked the sturdiness and simple design.It came down to the Keurig or the Bunn My Cafe . In the Bunn 's favor was that the cup size could be adjustable in one oz . increments , which the Keurig does n't do . But the Bunn was more expensive , and in the end I felt that the K-cups stayed fresher and had a neater clean up , which is a must since it would on my desk at work . So I ordered it from Amazon which had the best price I could find -LRB- I paid $ 125 -RRB- . After receiving the Keurig B50 , I almost wish I had two , one for work and one for home.Here is why I like the machine : + No messy clean up , the K-cup does not drip when its removed after brewing . Very neat and contained . Brilliant ! + The ingenious K-cups seem to keep their freshness very well . I am used to GREAT freshly roasted coffee brewed using a coffee press , and in comparison the Keurig does n't make bad coffee at all . My old coffee maker made dismal coffee ! + K-cups are not that expensive , they can be found at a good price with no extra shipping costs + The machine does not get overly hot , even when left on all the time . + LCD Timer function . This is perfect since I do n't want to leave the machine on in my office every night , so I just set the timer to turn it on a few minutes before I get to work so its ready . + The temperature of the water is perfect . Hot enough to brew good coffee , but not hot enough to burn my tongue . And all at a touch of the button . + Good solid construction , metal handle and drip tray grill . Those two items will receive the most daily usage and will stand up to wear and tear better than plastic . + My largeish mug fits under the spout as is . But removing the drip tray accommodates for the very tall travel mugs . When I looked at the Senseo machine , I could n't believe how little space there was underneath the spout . + De-scaling warning . I have n't had this machine long enough to need this function yet , but I am glad to know it will alert me if and when it becomes necessary.The only negative I have : - I wish it were a little bit quieter after the brew when taking in water to heat for the next cup . It vibrates for about 5-10 seconds.All in all , I am very pleased with this machine . The only aspect that I can not yet attest to is the longevity of the machine as I have had it only one week . But I hope that it will stand the test of time because I am loving it more and more every day ! The price might be a deal breaker for some , but I in my opinion it is definitely worth it !!
 I am a coffeeholic . I love the feel of caffeine rushing through my system , especially first thing in the morning . Few pleasures are better than the taste and smell of a superbly brewed cup of Java . Last year I purchased a Cuisinart 12 cup Brew Central coffee maker and I love it . I usually buy an excellent blend of beans from a gourmet shop , or when I really want to treat myself , I will grind some Jamaican Blue Mountain , or Hawaiian Kona coffee . Now , the reader may very well wonder why I am spilling the beans about my coffee drinking habits . Well , it is to demonstrate that I have discerning tastes when it comes to my favorite beverage - and that I am willing to cut back monetarily on other food and beverage items to get the best.Other than first thing in the morning , when I want/need 2 large mugs , I really only want an occasional cup during the day . And I want it to be steaming hot and fresh . What I will turn down in a New York minute is a beverage that has been sitting around on a hotplate for 4 hours . A friend had recently told me about Keurig 's Single Cup , giving it rave reviews . I went online and did some research about pod single serve machines , and Keurig B50 Gourmet Single-Cup Brewing System definitely sounded and looked like the best one for me . It gives the biggest bang for the buck ! When I bought mine , from Amazon , they were featuring an additional $ 25 . rebate . However , even if the offer has ended , I would still purchase this product again ... and just might , for my daughter for Christmas.Yesterday , I made my first cup . Outstanding !! Simply excellent ! And no fuss , no work , no mess . All I did , after priming the machine , -LRB- a one-time task -RRB- , was pop-in a K-cup , push a button and in less than a minute , I had my coffee . To clean up , just throw away the K-cup . No mess - nada ! K-cups , which offer over 70 varieties of gourmet coffee and teas from seven premium brands , can be purchased in many supermarkets now . The variety and quality is extraordinary for both decaffeinated teas and coffees and those with caffeine.You can also buy them at Amazon and from the various vendors . Your Keurig comes with an 18 K-cup variety pack , so you will be able to sample many flavors of coffee and tea before purchasing any for yourself . The K-cup containers hold the coffee , enough for either 1 regular-size cup or mug , -LRB- 7 - 1/4 oz . -RRB- filled with super fresh flavor , or a lesser amount , -LRB- 5 - 1/4 oz . -RRB- , of a more robust brew . You do n't drink your coffee from these cups , they go inside the machine and are disposed of easily - no coffee grounds to clean . No drips ! There is a container to fill with water . Place your own mug or cup on the drip tray , push a button and voila ! When I want a large travel-size mug , I just remove the used K-cup immediately , insert a new one and in less than 1 and 1/2 minutes I have a double cup . Is this cost effective ? I have crunched the numbers , and this is no more expensive , than buying beans per pound and doing it the old way . I still plan to use my Cuisinart on weekends and when I have company . But just for me , or a companion and me , this is perfect . And quite frankly , because of the air tight seal and the quality of the coffee , the taste is every bit as fresh as with newly ground beans - which have been stored in the freezer.The unit contains a programmable LCD message center which displays a 24-hour digital clock , programmable turn on/off times , and a brew-stage indicator . It is recommended that the machine be kept on all the time , however . You will need to purchase a 3 prong adapter which can be found at any hardware store.Aesthetically , the Keurig is extremely attractive and looks great in my kitchen . It is well made , solid and substantial.Long story short , I live in a NYC apartment and after setting up the machine last night , I invited everyone on my floor over for coffee/tea and homemade cookies . They were awed , and two of my fellow apartment dwellers are thinking of buying their own Keurig.Great product ! And the holidays are coming . This would make a fantastic present ! The Keurig B50 comes with a one year warranty.JANA
 Bottom line is that this is a great solution for folks like me that do n't have any other coffe lovers in the house . It 's fast and as easy and clean as you could ever want . It 's not cheap to run from day to day ... 25 k-cups run about ten bucks . Lots cheaper than going out but lots more money than grinding your own . Funny thing
 I am something of a coffee snob . I buy premium specialty coffee beans and grind for each pot in a burr grinder . Coffee is then made in a high end drip coffee maker with a gold filter . Coffee is kept in a thermal carafe not on a hot plate . That 's the way I used to do it . Now there is just my wife and I at home and she has been told to drink decaf only . Rather than make two pots of coffee I started looking at one cup coffee makers . I eventually narrowed it down to the Keurig machines and the Bunn one cup pod machine . The Senseo looked and felt cheap to me on inspection at a local store . I chose the Keurig because the k-cup looks like a better system to deliver a quality cup of coffee and cleaup is easier . There is also a wide variety of high quality coffee available for it and the Keurig system is well established in the commercial coffee service industry . There are no wet pods to handle and no pod holder to rinse with k-cups . The bottom needle is the only part of the machine that comes in contact with coffee and the outside of the used k-cup is dry and cool . I chose the B50 because it is a good bit cheaper than the B100 and has two cup sizes and a programmable timer . The actual machine is elegant looking and feels and looks like a quality product . It takes about 4 minutes to heat up when powered on and about 20 seconds between cups . It takes just 30 seconds to brew a cup . The process of brewing coffee could not be simpler . Lift the handle to present the k-cup holder , insert a k-cup , lower the handle to retract the cup holder and pierce the k-cup , then press the cup size button . The whole process including loading the machine and disposing of the used k-cup should take less than 45 seconds . We have been using the Green Mountain Coffe Roasters variety pack that came with the machine and a decaf one for my wife . It makes a very good cup of coffee that is at just the right temperature when it comes out of the machine . My wife and mother think the coffee is perfect just as it is . I would like it a little stronger . I would compare it to a cup of coffee in a very good restaurant . There are a couple of options to make stronger coffee . The B50 has a smaller cup size that will make stronger coffee and Timothy 's and Green Mountain both make `` extra bold '' k-cups with 15-20 % more coffee in them . I intend to explore both options but right now I am drinking and enjoying the regular k-cups . I am very pleased with the machine and we intend to keep it.Edit
 I could n't wait until Christmas so my husband got his Keurig for an early Thanksgiving present . It turns out , that this is a great gift for me , too!I 've never been a coffee drinker , but I 've been making him coffee for 27 years . He 's never complained even though I 'm sure his coffee has ranged from too weak , too strong and just plain bitter . When he told me about a friend with a single serve coffee maker that makes every cup fresh and good , I did the research and ordered the Keurig . Since he likes his travel cups , I ordered the Extra Bold Sumatran and Magic K-Cups . When I gave him the Keurig he was so impressed that he did n't even complain about the price . I was all set to tell him that I made 8 cups of his old drip coffee each day and poured out about half , so this would actually save money . My logic did n't pan out anyway . He is drinking even more coffee now because it is so good!To fill his travel cup he runs one Extra Bold through twice on the 5 ounce setting and says that it is perfect . Since it is ready all the time , I no longer get up a few minutes early to have his coffee ready for him and he can even enjoy a cup after dinner . The best part is that I 've tried the flavored Southern Pecan and French Vanilla coffees and I love them ! I thought I would only use it for tea.Keurig has made us both very happy .
 I have to disagree with other reviewers who said that the Senseo makes a stronger cup of coffee than the Keurig . Looking for a single-cup maker for weekday morning coffee , I purchased a Senseo last year . Although it was fast and convenient , I was really dissapointed in the strength of the coffee -- whether using one pod or two . Even the strongest pods were too weak for my taste -LRB- although I thought the crema was a plus -RRB- . Finally , my husband started to groan when I 'd bring him a cup of Senseo and started to beg me to return to making pots in the Cuisinart!I decided to buy the Keurig because we have the system at work and I enjoy it . I waited until the home-use models improved and went down a bit in price.With the Keurig , the coffee is stronger -LRB- especially when you brew `` Dark Magic '' my favorite K-Cup variety -RRB- and hotter -- with less mess and noise.Although there is more variety than the pods , I would still like to be able to use different gourmet beans , but I have heard good news !! -- In 2006 , a reusable filter basket will be available for the B40 , B50 and B60 models so that you will be able to use ANY ground coffee !! If you ca n't wait , Williams Sonoma has an exclusive model B60 that comes with the reusable filter , but it 's $ 50 more -LRB- I doubt the filter will cost that much when it 's available for separate sale . -RRB-
 I 've been eyeing single cup coffee makers for over a year , as part of a vague resolution to become a morning person . I could n't wake up early without coffee , and did n't see the point of making a pot just for me -LRB- plus who wants to make a pot 1st thing anyway ? -RRB- . Finally , I love good coffee but drink so little that a bag would go funky on me before I could use half of it . Having this machine has thus really helped me better myself , as it 's the reason I get up early to read and write.It could n't have been easier to set up , and right out of the gate the Keurig blew me away . It offers a huge spread of coffees , and cracks off a mug in around 25 seconds once the water is heated . Set the built in timer and it 'll heat itself up for a fixed period of time . Mine keeps water warm from 5 a.m. till I leave at 8 . Everything else has been said about the machine 's greatness , so let me add a few unique points : Water temp - my friend 's Senseo is n't nearly hot enough for me . By contrast , the Keurig pumps out HOT coffee , but not scalding . Perfect.Noise - yes , it 's noisy when you turn it on , but most of the noise is it vibrating the counter . I put a towel under it -LRB- not sure if that 's a good idea -RRB- and the noise dropped substantially . Leaving a mug on it while it fills the heating chamber also adds to the noise.Taste - An earlier reviewer said he returned his because of a certain plastic taste/odor in every cup . This was definitely a problem at first - the green tea was undrinkable for a while . The manual says to run a cup or two of plain water to clean it , but that 's not enough . I washed the water tank w / soap , then ran about 20 cups of hot water through the machine , and all odor disappeared . Give it time to break in ; you 'll thank yourself.Overall - this is definitely a luxury appliance , but it has actually enriched my life . If better coffee easier appeals to you , this is without a doubt the machine for you .
 If you have been hesitating in making this purchase DONT ... I love a good cup of coffee , have no time or tolerance for poor coffee , and I dislike throwing away old coffee ; I refuse to warm coffee up in the micro -LRB- it tastes funny -RRB- and my coffee butler gave up the ghost ... decided to try the new single serving makers . Absolutely wasted my time and money on a Senseo -LRB- coffee not hot enough and has an artificial taste ... what 's with the crema stuff anyway ? yuck -RRB- Decided to try a Keurig B-50 , figured that if it was anything like the previous purchase it would go back ... and fast ... Happy to say I LOVE IT ... Really enjoy my HOT , FRESH cup of coffe , also love the Lemon Zinger tea -LRB- an unexpected plus -RRB- . I am giving them as Christmas gifts this year to my coffaholic relatives and friends .
 Trust me ... I tried them ALL!I live alone ... and was constantly making a mess ... and throwing away leftover coffee ... stale grounds ... etc. I saw the advertising for Phillips Senseo and decided I would try that thing out . Yuk . I thought it might be defective so I tried two different models . Both stunk.Then I tried a Mr. Coffee pod/espresso combo machine ... figured it might be better since Mr. Coffee 's been making coffee makers for so long . Coffee was okay ... but the machine was a MESS and had no auto shutoff ... and would just keep getting hotter until the plastic melts and possibly starts a fire . No thanks.Okay ... -LRB- you 're probably thinking I need to get a hobby at this point -RRB- ... I went to the FANCY department store and got the Keurig . That 's the winner ... hands down . Coffee is not as good as a really great coffee shop ... but it 's usually as good as regular home-brewed coffee ... sometimes better . The pods vary WIDELY . If you like strong coffee ... go for the Green Mountain Roasters French Roast or Dark Magic . If you do n't ... go with pretty much anything else out there ... because it 's all pretty mild.Good luck !
 I bought one for my office and for my Mother . Easy clean-up , convenient and the coffee is good . The customer service at Keurig is also great to deal with . I had a problem with one unit and they sent another one immediately and had UPS pick up the broken one ... all without charging my credit card again . I would highly recommend this product .
 My girlfriend and I are a young couple on the go ; we do n't have a lot of time or money -LRB- both grad students -RRB- , but are very happy with our B50 . The machine only brews a cup at a time so we do n't have to make more than our share , and it does so quite quickly . Many varieties of coffee and tea are available in K-cups and the machine is easy to clean and maintain . What more can I say ... It is just a coffee maker after all ; -RRB-
 This is an awesome coffee maker . Coffee is consistently good , hot , and fresh . K-cup system brews the perfect cup of coffee or tea every time . Only wish they had hot chocolate . My favorite websites for ordering K-cups are CoffeeCow and CoffeeWhiz . We have one at home , I run a coffee club at work , my mother-in-law has one , and we just bought one as a XMAS present for my brother-in-law . Amazon had some great deals in August with $ 25 off kitchen appliances and free shipping . It was too good to pass up !
 I bought the Keurig B50 at BJ 's Wholesale Club for $ 129 and it came with the standard 18 K cup variety as well as 72 more K cups as a bonus . At first I was a little put off by the noise the pump makes before and after brewing , but now I 'm used to it . It does n't bother me at all now , but hopefully Keurig will start making their models that are less than $ 199 with Quiet Technology . It 's kind of silly that you have to spend that much for an appliance to be a bit quieter . Anyway , we love that we can make 2 different flavors of coffee/tea/cocoa within a couple of minutes . It 's nice not to have to drink the same thing . We only drink a cup at a time , so there is no point in making a whole pot . It 's great that you can get plain hot water within seconds too . It tastes a whole lot better than microwaving a cup of water for tea . That way it is fresh each time . The best k-cup coffee I 've had so far dis the Extra Bold Newman 's Own Organic , Dark Magic , and Green Mountain Nantucket Blend . The Celestial Seasonings K-cup tea is great too . The only K-cup I have n't cared for so far is the Green Mountain Hot Chocolate . Do n't waste your money on that one . Just get some Swiss Miss or other cocoa packet and brew plain water from the Keurig . So far we are pleased . I highly recommend it for singles , couples , and small families that drink one cup at a time .
 After three weeks use , I can say that this is a terrific machine . Serves great tasting coffee fast , without any mess , using the k-cups . I prefer stronger taste , so I use extra bold K-cups at the 7oz . setting & its just right for me . And the `` My K-Cup '' accessory -LRB- which I got for free with the B-50 -RRB- has enabled unlimited variety by allowing me to use my own beans , albeit at the cost of a little mess grinding , disposing of grounds , etc. . But I 'm happy with the current large selection of coffees & teas available . Buying the K-cups by the carton of 100 makes them even more reasonably priced.This unit is as advertised & has met or exceeded all of my expectations .
 I 'm one of those people who will come up with a million excuses to stay in bed `` just 5 minutes longer '' and end up waking with 20 minutes to shower , throw on clothes , and run out the door while applying lip gloss.This coffee machine has saved my mornings ! The Keurig is magical -- it makes the BEST coffee in no time flat , is really clean , and there are so many kinds of coffee to choose from . I just crawl out of bed , place a K-cup in the machine , travel mug underneath , press the button , grab my purse and keys , turn around and my perfect cup of coffee is ready!No more cranky `` do n't speak to me before 10:30 am '' mornings . No more getting the last gross cup of crappy office coffee . I 'm freeeee!On a more technical note
 I just opened and primed my new Keurig B50 and I 'm sipping the Green Mountain Sumatran Reserve that was included in the sampler pack.I 've read a few reviews that said the set-up and priming process takes a while . From the time I opened the box until I had the first steaming cup was no more than 15 minutes.I 'm a coffee snob and I have to say this is one good cup of coffee ! It 's impressive how much flavor they can pack into those little K-cups . It should be a lot of fun working my way through the rest of the samples deciding which I want to purchase for my everyday supply.These single cup machines could be expensive if you drink pots of coffee a day ; although no more so than your local coffee shop . However , for the ease of use and the variety of product available , I think this is a great way to go if you only drink a few cups a day.I 'm happy with my purchase .
 I love my special cup of morning coffee , and I love the ease and speediness of this brewer . I bought one for my home and one for my Mother . Easy clean-up , convenient and the coffee is really good . No more grinds to deal with , and you can choose 2 different blends idependent of each other.If you are a coffee lover and enjoy a different gourmet coffees , the Keurig B50 Gourmet is for you .
 I had a Senseo and returned it since i hated the dripping pods after each use and the coffee wasnt as hot as the one i now get from the Keurig . My wife loves the flavored Coffee and she does n't even like Coffee that much ! We were simply amazed at the clean operation of this machine not to mention the 100 + variety of different coffee and teas.I tried the Bigelow green tea k-cup and was amazed how good that tasted . Finally after searching for a good coffee maker i have found what i was looking for . I would also highly recommend the Green Mountain coffee extra bold k-cups . The build quality is very nice and the design is pretty sleek . Best of all you get really hot and fresh tasting coffee every single time under 60 secs !
 I purchased this coffee maker in January of this year and love it . At fist I wondered how I 'd keep up with the cost of K-cups . But , I 've just ordered through Amazon 's K-cup subscription and this will work well for me , financially . Look into this , folks . What a wonderful way to get your coffee at a better price and with 0 shipping charge ! Now I 'm enjoying great coffee at a very affordable price . Way to go , Amazon.com !
 My husband bought this brewer for me a year ago for the holidays . I love it ! When I first bought it they did n't have cocoa kcups , but Green Mountain has them now ! I have tried this brewer with both the k cup filter with my own coffee and the regular k cups.I love how fresh the coffee and tea tastes , it makes a great cup of coffee or tea ... Very simple , no mess , and hot every time ... I have yet to try the programable feature but that was definitely a perk . I like the two size option , in case you want a stronger cup of coffee.The k cups are a fairly reasonable price also ... I highly recommend this brewer !!! It is worth all 5 stars ...
 I use this at my office . It is a liitle big , takes up more space than I anticipated . But it works great .
 I received this machine for Christmas after reading all the reviews of all the different types of single-cup systems . SO far , I have been very pleased !!! I love being able to make one perfect cup at a time , whenever I feel like it , and having NO MESS to clean up !!! Cleaning the coffee maker - as simple as that is - is one of my least favorite chores , and now I do n't have to do that anymore . And I get to switch flavors of coffee whenever I feel like it , because I have about 7 in my house now to choose from . The cups are very inexpensive and easy to buy online . There is a HUGE selection of types and flavors . I think the coffee tastes great , and is never too weak for me . Of course , it 's not JUST LIKE starbucks or anything , but it is better than I was making in my plain coffee maker for sure . So , I highly recommend this product !
 THE BEST Coffee machine , I have ever purchased ! I took into work for my co-workers to try and now they all love it too ! We are now going to purchase one for the office .
 Super Quick brewing - coffee smells wonderful !! Hot perfect cup everytime ! Extrememely low maintenance .
 The water is hot enough.Cleanup is spectacularly easy.Couldn ' t be easier to use.None of the K-cup flavors is strong enough if you like really strong coffee.One solution is to add the accessory for using your own coffee which sort of defeats the point of the K-cup . Hopefully someone soon will improve this minor flaw !
 We like our Keurig B50 Gourmet Single-Cup Brewing System very much . We each like a different flavor of coffee , so being able to make a single cup at a time is perfect for us .
 Very nice piece celebrating the final season . Not as bright as I 'd hoped but very good . Well worth it at the price for fans of the greatest show ever made .
 This bench has a storage area , and looks really nice . I have the one with green fabric in my bathroom , as a vanity bench . It 's useful when blowdrying two little girls ' hair at once . It 's solid , easy to put together , and looks great . Thanks !
 Very well built and easy to use , just put it in a corner where you want it and turn the dial and you 're done . The blades that go into the wall are very sharp so watch your fingers !! They hold quite a bit , up to 9 pounds . I put mine in the bathroom to hold all kinds of stuff . Made of plastic and steel .
 I love these little shelves although I was wanting to put them in the livingroom when I tried to put them in the corner they would n't work cause aparently my walls were not a 45 degree angle but they worked perfectly in my kitchen . I will buy more .
 They go right into the drywall . I faux painted mine to match my room . Now my friends want them .
 Good Value for 12.95 . Tip . If you need extra enforcement , just add a couple drops of crazy glue to corners touching the wall and re-apply the blades . Not for real heavy stuff .
 I got these so I could put pictures on them in my kitchen and in my bathroom . They do an excellent job ! They are very easy to work with but as is told your wall must be 90 degrees otherwise they will not fit . They have been up since the day I got them -LRB- about 2 weeks -RRB- and no probs yet : -RRB-
 This item worked great . Wo n't hold much weight , but is a perfect little shelf for unused corners to hold those small items . Works great in the bathroom , too and in kids rooms .
 I have these in the corner of my daughters nursery with various little things on them -LRB- vase of flowers , framed photos , my first mother 's day card -RRB- and they are nice and strong . I painted them the color of her accent wall and they really pop . They paint easily and install even easier . A good purchase ... would be great in a bathroom to keep little necessities at hand .
 Was looking for a way to mount my surround sound speakers on my walls without actually having to buy mounting kits . They worked perfectly , as long as you have long enough speaker cable ... Also strong enough to hold my remote controlled helicopter and controller ! Planning on testing out just how much weight it will hold , but I 've found it very handy as a `` drink holder '' , since my night stand is on the other side of the bed . Take a shot , it might be worth it .
 I keep this strength on hand for my coffee connoisseur son-in-law . He voices his approval , stating that it is strong , flavorful and not bitter . I have used it for iced coffee , and it has been excellent for that because I use a lot of milk , yet like to get the coffee flavor .
 I love this coffee as a wake me up in the morning . It has a deep dark bold flavor that I love . I like my coffee strong and this fits the bill .
 So far , my absolute favorite K-Cup flavor ... bold and a hint of burnt/bitterness , awesome flavor -LRB- even at the large cup size -RRB- and bite . Will put hair on your chest in 5 seconds flat . If you prefer mild or weaker roasts , stay far , far away.Has become my go-to flavor !
 This coffee is extreme . It has taken hold of my soul and will not return it .
 We 've owned our Keurig b70 for 6 months now -LRB- click on my other reviews to see how much we love our Keurig ! -RRB- , and my husband LOVES a strong coffee . There are two kinds of K-cups that we keep ordering - Green Mountain Extra Bold Dark Magic and Tully 's Kona . I brew on the smallest drip size to make my own Iced Caramel Macchiato ! You need a strong K-cup to stand up to the ice.I only wish that Amazon had this K-cup permanently in stock !!
 This brand is a little pricey but it is worth it . The flavor is there and it does not taste watery like some others -LRB- Timothy brand -RRB-
 Wife and I both love this coffee ! Jet Fuel is our 2nd choice but this one is our clear favorite . After looking around the new and on Amazon , at the time of this review this is the best price -LRB- under 10 bucks -RRB- around for the Dark Magic K-Cup . Make sure you do n't get this confused with Timothy 's Midnight Magic when searching , the Dark Magic is much better .
 I usually save this K-cup for those mornings when I drag myself to work half-asleep . It 's full-bodied , extra bold in flavor , yet not bitter , and is perfect with a little chocolate syrup or chocolate stevia mixed in . And the end result is I 'm wide awake after just one cup of this fabulous flavor .
 My friends say that I 'm a coffee snob . Though , I admit that I drive out of my way for good coffee . This is the best Keurig coffee . Take my word for it .
 I 'm a Keurig newbie and have sampled many delicious blends and coffees . I can appreciate a darker richer blend and Green Mountain 's Dark Magic Extra Bold Coffee is worth it 's weight in gold or black magic ! Perfect in the morning !
 I bought this coffee for myself because I love strong , bold coffee and this fits the bill ! It 's delicious coffee and the price was good .
 There 's no doubt that Green Mountain 's Dark Magic K-cups make extremely good cups of coffee . It 's just that I do n't think it packs that much of a punch . The finest espresso K-cup I 've tried so far is GM 's Espresso Blend . I like my extra dark coffee to have a little bitterness to it . That quality makes me know that it 's strong , and Espresso Blend has it . Dark Magic is lacking that `` something extra . '' I think the word `` sweet '' in the product description is the culprit here . Either way , I 'd still recommend these to anybody , but Espresso Blend is the best espresso-like coffee to date . -LRB- Note
 have changed the old one . the vacuum itself last years and still powerful indeed and very handy in use . the filter was expensive in store . this is exactly what I need . cost little and shipped to me really quickly . will reorder if need more .
 Spare was same brand as original manufacturer . I just removed old filter and inserted the new one , fits just like the original . Ready to work .
 Bought these for my sister . She absolutely loved them ! Arrived fast and I was very happy . I would recommend . Thanks !
 I bought this for a friend for Christmas . She freaked out when she opened the box she was so excited . They were so cute !
 I collect unique s & p shakers and these are really special . When I have a dinner party I like to place a different and special s & p shaker set in front of each place setting . These have already received rave reviews and a chuckle or two .
 I saw this item when I was trying to choose a wedding gift for my brother-in-law . I bought this for myself with only one reason -- it 's just so cute . I mean it can not be used as gift for others , yes that way you are not only saying the boy is a frog but also the girl is fat . I did not use it for salt or pepper , merely decoration .
 I got this for my friends who just got married as a little surprise once they opened the package . I love them ! They look even cuter in person , if that 's possible . Definitely makes a great gift ! Not sure how much I myself would want to own them , but for the right person , these are a perfect little addition to a kitchen or dining room table .
 I have ordered this as a Christmas gift for a family member who collects salt-n-pepper shakers . The set is absolutely adorable . I know that she will love adding it to her collection !
 I can hardley waid to see the look on Mom 's face at Christmas -- it is so cute !
 Please , please , please make it available again along with any Rammstein merchandise . I really want that beanie !
 This item fitted my 30 year old machine perfectly . It provides approximately twice the pulp that the fine screen allows through so If you want a little more fiber in your drink , this will do the job . However , the pulp will separate relatively quickly , so it must be drunk soon after making or re-sturred .
 my old one wore out ... needed another and it beat buying the whole machine ... do n't you think . thank you all very much
 This will replace the straining screen on a standard Champion Juicer . What is not clear is what large means.The holes on this screen are larger than the standard screen.Which is why I bought this item .
 I find this screen to be very usefull . It does let in more pulp but I still really like it .
 I have tried the cheap juicers and they break . The Champion juicers last our family 3-4 years and we juice about 4 days a week for 2 adults and 3 children
 I ordered this for my husbands weight room , and it is exactlly what I wanted , it is the best price on the internet , but if i were to order again , I would get the cover and stuff to hang it since I got it almost a month ago , and have n't put it up because it comes in a tube so I will need to get something to put it up . -LRB- but that was my choice to leave that off the order -RRB- It also takes awhile to ship , maybe because I am a prime member , I 'm used to prompt shipping , but even still , it seemed to take a bit long to get.Overall great poster , and anyone who snowboards will love it !
 A very nice coffee ; not overly strong and with nice flavor . The Green Mountain line of coffees are a good choice for the Keurig System .
 I have a B60 and only brew the small cup size , because the large size makes the coffee seem watered down . This is problem with all the KCUPS I 've tried . I did purchase a large selection of the Green Mountain coffee and I really like Lake and Lodge and Dark Magic . I prefer the stronger blends over the milder flavored choices .
 The Nantucket Blend is one of my favorite k-cup coffees that I 've made . It 's a medium blend coffee that tastes great with flavored creamer or just regular creamer or milk . I will definitely buy more of this one .
 Fast , great service , excellent product.Love the one cup serving , and lots of coffee choices . No more wasted coffee .
 I would rate this coffee as medium strength , not bitter , but good coffee taste .
 This is my favorite of all the k-cup coffee I 've tried since buying my new Keurig coffee maker in Nov. 2005 . It 's got great flavor and is smooth to drink . It 's the only kind I 'm buying at this time !
 This was the first coffee I sampled from my Keurig coffee maker . The flavor is nutty and mild without the acidity of many drip coffees . I am not a fan of the bold , strong coffees and prefer the milder blends . This is a great early morning coffee to enjoy with your breakfast . While you can order it on Amazon , I 've found it for a better price on another website provided I buy 4 boxes of 25 K cups at a time . However , I can mix and match other flavors and brands to get the 4 boxes.I like flavored coffee as well so in addition to the Nantucket , I also recommend the Southern Pecan and Wild Blueberry . I like to brew a cup of the blueberry just to make the room smell like blueberry cobbler . Also check out Gloria Jeans K-Cups , French Vanilla , 25-Count Box -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- if you like flavored coffee .
 I love this Nantucket Blend coffee by Green Mountain and will continue to stock my kitchen with it ! It is not too strong , not too weak , just right .
 It 's interesting how different people perceive coffee . Some here thought it was watery and tasteless , while others love it . As for me , it has a nice taste , somewhat mild , and not bitter at all . It dies n't leave an aftertaste as some do and is n't over-powering . This is my choice to drink alone without any food . I think cookies or biscuits or whatever would over power it . When I have my coffe with food I choose a stronger roast . So for a late morning or mid afternoon cup , or a cup at my desk , this is just right . For breakfast something stronger would be better.All that said , I can almost always find these K cups much cheaper at my local stores than at Amazon .
 After loosing my husband , making a full pot of coffee was such a waste . I read about your `` one cup '' coffee maker . Decided to try it and I am so glad I did . Now there is coffee ready in short time and there are no leftovers.Vonda Singleton
 I bought this because my boyfriend likes Green Mountain coffee , but had not tried this blend before . He loved it so much , he requested I buy it every time we get new K cups ! It is perfect for breakfast wake up , and even smells good to me , a non-drinker of coffee !
 I recently bought a Keurig coffee maker , and this blend of coffee was my first to try on the coffee maker . It 's very tasteful , and I will continue to drink it .
 I ordered this book so I could understand some of the Pistoulet products that I fell in love with . Great book . Positive and uplifting .
 I bought this suit for my 2-year-old daughter . We live in Atlanta but our neighborhood pool is chilly and my daughter is pretty small -LRB- i.e. - no extra fat to keep her warm -RRB- . This swimsuit works great to keep her comfortable in the pool - which means she enjoys swimming with us more - and to protect her from the sun . Plus , it comes in cute colors !
 Great wetsuit for little kids . Provides enough warmth for swimming lessons , beach etc. . Good arm movement , easy on and off with big zipper . Was n't crazy about color combo ... sort of a cross between Ronald MacDonald and a generic Super Hero . But kids seemed happy enough with it and it makes it easy to keep an eye on the little ones . Had one of these for my daughter , I bought it big and it lasted 4 years of swimming lessons and ocean going vacations , would have passed it on to my son , but it is pink ! Still in great shape .
 I bought this suit for my 15m old son to use on vacation in Mexico in December . The weather was expected to be in the high 70 &#8217; s and low 80 &#8217; s , but the pools at the resort were not heated . I wanted him to have a little something to keep just a bit warmer and be able to enjoy the water and kids splash park . He loved the suit , and got excited to put it on each time . He &#8217; s warm by nature , but this was just a little extra , which is all we needed . He did not shiver or complaint about the temperature once . The size and fit was great . He &#8217; s big for his age , roughly 27-28 pounds , 32 inches . I was concerned the suit might be too stiff for him to enjoy moving in , but he had a blast wet or dry . The thinner , flexible side panels really helped his movement , but if your biggest concern is warmth , the panels might not be as good . The stitching on the arms isn &#8217; t the greatest , but easy enough to fix . I don &#8217; t know if this is a one-off issue or a design problem overall . Also , I do wish it came in brighter colors since the blue blends with the water so much , it &#8217; s not really a &#8220; safety &#8221; color . Overall , very , very happy with the purchase .
 Bought this for my son to wear to swim class partly because he shivers all the time . While it fits well and he loves to run around in it , the shivering did n't really stop .
 This short suit does everything it 's designed for . It 's easy to wear , easy to take off -LRB- does n't stick to skin when wet -RRB- . Makes changing efficient . The suit is soft and allows maximum range of motion . Great product .
 Would purchase it again . Warm , easy to get on and off , sleeves are soft lycra so easy to move , and looks great !
 I 'm not sure why they advertise the goggles ... it must be outdated and they do n't realize it . The wetsuit is great , but do n't count on getting any goggles with it .
 Claude Monet , part of the avant-garde movement 1960 's through 1970 's , used the impressionist technique of color and brush strokes . He also chose this simple scene from nature to paint.Color and style only Claude Monet can bring us . If you look at this replica of the painting you will feel that not only do you see the lilies on the surface but that you can actually see into the water.Oddly enough there are several versions painted by Monet with the same title `` Nympheas . '' This is `` Nympheas Paysage D'eau '' , `` Nympheas Landscape Of water '' or `` Waterlilies `` There is enough color to accommodate many different mats and frames depending on your environment and taste .
 The vendor did a nice job framing the print and packaged it very well . Love the color scheme of the picture .
 The poster was delivered quickly , no damages , was rolled up in a tube . I have to sy that it is a little paler than what you see on your screen , but otherwise is beautiful
 I have been trying to re-do my home and this poster with the right frame fits exactly right!Thank you !
 The poster is just beautiful and a great purchase . The colors are very well printed and looks great on the wall .
 Cuando compre este p&oacute;ster , el producto no lleno mis expectativas porque el &iacute;tem que me llego apenas tenia color . Luego de tomar algo de tiempo y plasmarlo en un comentario , se puso en contacto conmigo un personal de servicio al cliente y - para sorpresa m&iacute;a - me hicieron un reembolso a mi cuenta . Luego tom&eacute; una breve encuesta sobre mi experiencia.Hago la salvedad sobre la seriedad de esta empresa para con la satisfaci&oacute;n de sus clientes .
 Great pillow . Used to have neck and shoulder problems from working all day on computer . Got this pillow and I can sleep pain free .
 Great blend , if you like French Roasts you will love this . I have found the best K-cups for the Keurig are the dark roasts , they seem to brew with the best flavor , and as far as they go this is one of the best . You wo n't go wrong choosing this if you love a dark , rich , full bodied flavor with a little bite like I do .
 I 've tried most of the K-Cup flavors out there and the Diedrich -LRB- French Roast -RRB- flavor is absolutely the best in my opinion .
 Best french roast we have found for Keurig , strong and mellow . My husband is a coffee snob -LRB- we have 4 different coffee pots -RRB- and he drank all of my Keurig pods . .
 I found this to be a pleasantly strong dark coffee ; it was rich and smooth without being at all bitter . However , as I tend to prefer my coffee on the milder side , I am not sure that this would appeal to TRUE dark coffee lovers -- i.e. , what was good for me might not be right for someone looking for something stronger . Overall , however , I would recommend this coffee .
 I am happy with my purchases of K-Cups from Amazon . They carry a few , but hopefully will carry more , as time passes . Thanks !
 I have to agree , I have tried a number of other brands and the Diedrich French Roast is richer and more flaorful . The others have tasted thin . Almost a completely different machine with this French Roast . I have no idea why , buy it is worth trying .
 We have had a Keurig in our office for just over a month , and have tried quite a few varieties of coffee K-cups . So far this is our favorite .
 This poster is very nice . It is very large and finding a frame for it was a bit difficult , but maneagable . The quality is excellent ; I now have a lovely Ingrid hanging on my bedroom wall .
 Best coffee I have had in a long time . Hazelnut is my favorite and just ordered some mudslide and swiss almond chocolate ...
 This is a good hazelnut coffee with just the right strength for my wife and me . We brewed a medium cup of coffee on the Keurig and the flavor was perfect after we doctored it up with our sweetener and a little cream . It was a medium strength cup of coffee with a hint of hazelnut in the flavor.Without being sweetened and without the cream it was rather harsh , strong and had an aftertaste . It would depend on how you like to prepare your coffee . I could n't drink it straight but it was more than acceptable after we prepared it . It is a good cup of coffee and if you like hazelnut then you will like this.I posted a photo of the K-Cup .
 This brochure rack is great ! It 's a beautiful solid oak , and has wooden dividers so that you can change between 81/2 x 11 sheets of paper and tri-fold brochures . It looks great in our office , and really helps make the lobby look professional . This product was also the least expensive one I found , and had free shipping ! The only thing I would change is that there is no cover to hold the brochures in , so if you stack too many , they 'll lean forward and fall out onto the floor .
 This product fit our needs perfectly . It allowed us to free up spaceon our receptionist 's desk . Prior to having this product our many leafletscluttered the minimal space we had on the receptionist 's desk and nowhis desk looks sharp !!
 I absolutely love this . The price is much less than the plastic versions I considered and it looks much nicer . The only thing I would want to add to this is the option to move the dividers to make wider spaces . The openings for the dividers are for brochure size items only and some of my items are wider than that . My items still stay without the dividers though . Definitely worth the purchase . If I had room I would buy another one .
 For years my sister-in-law reused her plastic bags and I thought she was nuts . Over time , she accumulated a over a million dollars by being frugal . However , everytime I went to her house , she had these plastic bags hanging over her faucet in the kitchen and it took forever for them to dry . Now , they dry in 10 minutes and she does n't have to end up drying them by hand . I also have one and love it for drying plastic bottles that I reuse . Of course it 's also a conversation piece because everyone that walks in the door asks `` what is that '' . I love it and have started reusing my plastic bags too . That way they do n't end up in the land fill .
 My daughter was thrilled to recieve this bag dryer a a Christmas gift . She had been looking for one for months . It was sent in plenty of time and in perfect shape . Thanke You !
 This bag dryer can eisily be put away in a drawer when not in use and goes together easily when you need it . It can dry mutiple bags at a time and since it keeps them open they are dry overnight . Great for anyone wanting to re-use thier zip-lock bags over and over again .
 This does exactly what I needed it to do - dry multiple bags in a small space . What would improve the product would be a heavier base , and if the base was permanently attached to the top , and if you could lock the arms either open or closed .
 We use this dryer for our Evert-Fresh Green BagsEvert-Fresh Bag Set -LRB- 10 of each size -RRB- that we use to store our fresh produce . The bags help keep produce fresh so we do n't throw out so much food . Last night we used cilantro that had been in the refrigerator for almost 2 weeks ! The bags need to be rinsed out after each use and can be reused up to eight times . This rack helps the bags dry quickly and keeps them confined to a small area . We searched in local stores and online for a drying rack for plastic bags and this is the best one we found . You could also use this dryer to easily recycle other types of plastic bags . I appreciate that it 's made of wood and can be folded up to store in a drawer .
 I bought a bunch of snack taxi bags -LRB- they 're great too - check them out ! -RRB- for my daughters lunches . They 're re-usable bags with cute designs on the outside and almost like tent material on the inside . I give them a quick hand-wash in the sink and hang them to dry on this great little dryer - it works out perfect ! I used to go through the snack and sandwich sized baggies like mad , but between these two products I 've definitely cut down on our plastic consumption and waste . An additional bonus is that because it 's so easy , it 's helped to motivate me to integrate more `` green '' practices into our home life and reduce our consumption and waste -LRB- yay ! -RRB- When you 're not using the dryer the wooden ring lifts up , bringing the wooden dowels together to make a narrow , compact unit you can easily stuff in a drawer or corner . I love it !
 A very nice , simple and useful product . What you see is what you get and it gets the job done nicely .
 I 've used one of these for years . It 's a permanent fixture on my kitchen counter . Perfect for drying bags and water bottles . It also makes an ideal gift . I 've given them to all my recycle-minded friends .
 The bag dryer helps us recycle plastic bags that we use for food storage and fresh vegetables . It works perfectly , takes nothing to set up , but it is expensive .
 What can one say about a counter-top plastic bag dryer ??? Since we use many baggies for portioning out our cats ' raw food , we wanted to wash & reuse 'em , too . This efficient little tree makes it possible for them to simply air dry & be ready for reuse . Before this , I was sticking them on pan handles , over canned goods , etc. . This be more better !! Since I had seen a friend use one for the same purpose , I knew what I wanted but did n't have a clue where to look . Shoulda known ... , Amazon has access to EVERYTHING ! Very happy boy , now !
 I got the Countertop Plastic Bag Dryer for my mother who likes to save bags , and she loves it . It 's nicely sized and fits easily in a drawer after use . It 's stable on the countertop even with a number of bags hanging from it . For about a week after Mom received it , every time it was used both of my parents would exclaim about how great it was . Much better than having to hand-dry all the plastic bags !
 Believe it or not , this simple little thing is not easy to find ! I had seen one at a friend 's house and thought it was ingenious . But it took me awhile to find one to buy . I should have known Amazon would have it - duh.Works like a champ , allowing bags and bottles to dry quickly and easily.I have always felt so guilty throwing away baggies , now I have a simple was to reuse them .
 I reuse plastic bags because it is better for the environment and for the wallet . In the past I would prop a bag over a glass to air a bag . It would take a couple of days for the bag to dry and it was n't a very attractive option . I 'd been looking at this device for about six months and questioned whether it would really be any better than what I had been doing to dry my plastic bags . Additionally , I thought I might make my own wooden dryer . I never made my own and just decided to buy this one and I have to say I like it a lot . The bag dryer 's prongs expand outward to hold several bags and the prongs can be folded in for storage purposes . One of the things that impressed me about this dryer was the speed with which it enabled a bag to dry . I found that bags were relatively dry within eight hours and completely dry if allowed to sit out for a full day . I ca n't comment on the longevity of the product as of yet . As it is made of wood , I anticipate that prolonged exposure to dampness will lead to some sort of decomposition , but we 'll see . You could make your own or save time and just get the ready-made , attractive Gaiam Countertop plastic bag dryer . So far , I love it and would recommend the product .
 I recieved one of these for my birthday so I decided to send one to my Mom for Christmas . I enjoy mine because now I do n't have bags hanging or draping on every thing in my Kitchen . It only took me 15 minutes to figure out what it was when I opened it .
 I 'm all about practicality , and this item is super useful for me . We save and reuse our ziploc bags so I needed something to dry them on . This works perfectly and can fold up nicely when not in use .
 I got one of these as a wedding present two and a half years ago -LRB- it was on my registry -RRB- . It 's been living beside my sink and getting frequent use ever since , and so far it 's in the same shape it was when I first got it . It 's really handy to have and makes cleaning plastic bags SO much easier ! Just a simple , efficient design . I 'm very happy with it .
 This bag dryer is perfect for drying plastic zip lock bags that you have washed for re-use . It can stand on its own or it can be hung by the eye on the center stick . It 's a great idea and is wonderful for saving bags that can be used again once washed .
 I have had one of these for 10 years , so it lasts forever . It makes reusing plastic bags so easy . Simple and it works . If you are concerned about how your kitchen looks then you wo n't like this because it does have to sit out on the counter and the bags do take time to dry . Of course the water will drip from the bags but I put a paper towel -LRB- that I leave for a long time -RRB- under the dryer to catch the drips , but you do n't have to do that . Great product simple and it does the job .
 I ordered this for a good friend of mine who hung bags all over to dry them . He is very environmentally conscience and liked to reuse as many bags as he could before having to throw them away . This item gave him a very easy way to dry them after they were rinsed . He says it 's easy to store when he 's done with it . He says it is sturdy , attractive and practical . His only regret is that he does n't have more of them ... It 's not good for big bags
 I had been drying my plastic bags on whatever I could find around the house to hold them upside down and opened enough for the air to circulate in them . But one day I spied this gadget . Although it was pricey , I decided to give it a try . Am I glad I did!This dryer holds the bags at the perfect angle so the water drips out , but the weight of the bag does not tip the dryer over . Although it 's advertised as a bag dryer , I would imagine you could dry mittens or plastic baby bottles on it as well . The center dowel could hold those larger reusable water bottles/canteens that you do n't want to put in the dishwasher.This dryer is attractive sitting on the countertop . I love the fact that 's made out of wood -LRB- birch and ash -RRB- instead of plastic or metal.I am happy with this purchase and will be giving these as gifts to my friends this year !
 I do n't know if my small effort to keep my plastic bags out of the landfill a bit longer makes any real difference to the environment , but I figure if I do it ... and someone else does it ... and then 1,000 or so other people begin doing it ... a real difference will eventually be made.A friend of mine has had this for years , and I finally did an online search and found it here . The price seemed kind of silly to me , especially since I 've had to really watch my spending lately , but there just was n't a good substitute at home . In short , this product works well , it 's easy to use , easy to store and has turned me from someone who `` should '' re-use plastic bags into someone who DOES re-use plastic bags . So , it 's been worth it . I 'm glad I bought it.UPDATE
 If you love to save the environment and money , this is a great tool . Bags dry much faster with this .
 I recycle all my plastic bags . This works great and looks attractive on the counter . I recommend it for anyone who wants to reuse their bags .
 I bought one of these , years ago , and use it constantly . It is great for drying plastic storage bags for re-use , and decorator frosting/pastry bags -LRB- best thing ever , for these ! -RRB- , as well as bottles and cans that have been washed for the recycling bin . I got one for my husband for his workshop , for drying gadgets and who-knows-what that he has cleaned . Things generally dry quickly on the rack . The slide at the bottom allows you to fold the rack up , out of the way . Mine is stationed beside the paper towels in the kitchen , and my daughter keeps hers on top of her fridge . If I did n't have this gadget , I would REALLY miss it !
 It was a little pricey but it was as described . It 's a little smaller than I would have hoped but it works .
 I put this bag dryer on my Christmas wishlist this year and was pleasantly surprised to receive it as a gift from a relative . No one in the room knew what it was when I unwrapped it and after explaining to them it 's purpose , everyone looked at me like I was crazy . Whatever.The bag dryer is now happily sitting on my kitchen counter drying a Ziploc `` sandwich '' bag . Normally I would n't take the time to save a plastic sandwich bag -LRB- I reserve all my hardwork for the more robust and more expensive Ziplock `` freezer '' bag -RRB- but using the Gaiam is such a joy , it was the perfect excuse to pull it out and use it!No more struggling to to use the faucet/faucet handles to keep bags open for drying . The Gaiam is solidly built and can dry multiple bags at once . When not in use the Gaiam folds up so that you can put it away underneath the sink . Highly recommended !
 Believe it or not , my frugal husband saves , washes and reuses his sandwich bags and we 've always made fun of him because he hangs them over faucets , knife blocks , etc. . He will think this is the neatest gift ever !
 This has been a great addition to my kitchen - we like to reuse all of our ziplocs and covermates -LRB- shower cap for leftovers -RRB- and drying them was always tricky . Not anymore . This stand is great , hardly takes up any room . The only problem - as others have mentioned - is that it is very lightweight so it will topple over easily . One friend just drilled it into a heavy peice of wood for a base while we chose to glue it to an old , heavy ceramic coaster to give it some balance . If they fixed that , they would have a perfect product . Having said that , I am ordering one as a christmas present right now !
 Great idea and product . Very simple and meets all the requirements for the intended use . I bought several for gifts and all thought it was a great item .
 This is a great little gadget . It folds up small enough to store in a kitchen drawer but opens out widely enough to dry eight bags . It 's nice looking too -- a pleasure to have things made from wood instead of plastic , and that both look good and function well . I 've had one of these for years and it still looks like new -- these should last for a very long time . And they make nice gifts because they 're so unusual . Let 's reuse our plastic bags as much as possible and keep them out of the natural environment , where they 're doing a lot of harm -LRB- in case you needed a justification for buying one -RRB- !
 The Gaiam Countertop Plastic Bag Dryer is a practical kitchen device made of solid , unfinished wood -LRB- ash or birch per the product description -RRB- . The design is simple and effective . It can hold up to 8 bags on 8 solid wood dowels . Assembly consists of pushing the base into the dowel holder , resulting in a solid friction fit -LRB- adhesive optional but unnecessary -RRB- . When not being used , you simply slide the round , solid wood `` slide '' -LRB- for lack of a better descriptor -RRB- up to pull the 8 dowels together for storage . There 's also a screw eye on the top if you want to hang it for storage . We like it and recommend it . All PROS and no CONS .
 I really enjoy this coffee . I think it has great taste for being decaf . I will definatley buy this again .
 You would never know this was a decaffeinated coffee unless you read the label.This is a full bodied coffee without a trace of bitterness . The only satisfying decaf I 've found .
 Timothy 's `` Colombian Decaffeinated K-Cups '' is very good tasting coffee . I like coffee all day long , but need to switch to decaf later in the day . This is a good substitute for my normal type , Coffee People , Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers -LRB- Pack of 50 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- , but not quite as strong tasting.My only observation is that you can get two uses out of these K-Cups if made on the `` Small Cup '' setting , which serves us just fine since we add a lot of `` Half and Half '' to our evening coffee.Recommended!CFH
 I do n't drink decaf , but I bought this for the office and my boss seems to like it . As long as the boss is happy ...
 For several years now my wife and I have been drinking decaffeinated coffee . As we got older we need to cut back on caffeine as it began to make us jittery and have a few heart flutters . We found that it was hard to find a really good decaf coffee and many of them have a strange taste or a bitter taste.We were given a Keurig brewer for Christmas as a gift and I have to tell you that this coffee is just excellent . This is really a full bodied and rich coffee that I honestly can not tell that it is decaf . There is no funny aftertaste or bitterness and my wife and I just love it . We brew the middle sized cup and the flavor was just perfect for us with a full flavor and not too strong.We both recommend it and we certainly will continue to use their coffee as one of our favorites .
 This is my `` go to '' decaf . Does that mean that I have to sacrifice flavor to lose the stimulant ? Not in my opinion . This coffee tastes just a good as regular . It is one of those `` not too strong , not too weak '' blends that still has a distinct but subtle flavor .
 I looked for weeks at shower rods trying to find something that was the best quality , solid and would n't tarnish over time . I think this is it . It 's only just been fitted but it looks and feels great .
 I searched for a long time for a contemporary chrome shower rod for a bath mini-remodel . Our contractor said the wall attachment -LRB- a separate piece -RRB- is better than any he 'd seen . The price was a lot lower than on any other website . Make sure you get the wall attachments ; this is only the rod .
 Love this brand . Really strong flavor , and a nice little kick that you do n't get from the `` organic '' coffee brands .
 Arrived on time and very simple to put together . For the money , it is a great deal for us ! We saw another similar one we liked on another website but it was three times the price !
 I 'm a Keurig newbie and have sampled many delicious coffees and teas . Timothy 's Colombian is a wonderful medium/strong cup of coffee with a smooth yet rich aftertaste . Either black or with a touch of milk it 's perfect any time of day .
 Very adequate , but Timothy 's stronger blends in the K Cups are superior
 This delicious coffe is so easy to use and so fresh . My husband and family enjoy the ease of having a fresh cup of coffee whenever they want .
 I 've read that this was a loud little fan . I wanted it to quietly circulate the heat from the fireplace around the family roon and away from the underside of he mantle . So I figure ; it 's small , how loud can it be ? Well I just received it and it is LOUD for such a small fan , even on it 's lowest setting , but it does move quite a bit of air for such a small fan . If , like many people you want to use it for ` white noise ' during those hot summer nights with the windows open , this is the fan for you . If you want quiet go fo the Lasko 3525 -LRB- I also have one of them -RRB- but it 's only two speed , does n't move nearly the same amount of air , and it 's more expensive .
 These are the best of the best in terms of small fans that blow big . Sometimes hard to find out of season but stock up when they are on sale . When they get dirty just vacuum clean or throw away .
 I first saw these little beauties at a cabin we were renting in Tennessee and used them and was amazed how tightly they sealed the wine bottle . It 's almost sealed as well as the original cork !
 I have been using this style of Zyliss bottle topper for wine for 6 years and they are absolutely great . They work extremely well and do not leak . They make great gifts when giving wine as a gift ! I need to pruchase more and can not find them for sale . I live in a small town and the store that was selling them went out of business . Does anyone know where to find this style of Zyliss bottle toppers for sale ?????
 I have been coveting the 3.2 qt saucepan for a long time , and after shopping around the so-called `` sales '' , decided that Amazon had the best deal . The pan arrived fast and in perfect shape , and I 'm happy to recommend it to anyone who loves to cook .
 This set has a lot to offer . It is worth getting .
 This was an excellent deal for the price . Nice midsize fan , moves air very well and relatively quietly . highly recommended .
 I have two of these - an older one and a newer one I got recently . They both move LOTS of air . The blade design must have something to do with it . The older one is `` whisper quiet '' indeed , except on the high setting . The newer one must have a more powerful motor , because it 's low setting is louder than medium on the older one . If you do n't mind it not being whisper quiet , it 's a great fan to own .
 I have been a fan of Honeywell air filters for years . When I saw this fan in my gold box for $ 17.99 , I jumped at the chance to purchase it , without hesitation . I was not the least bit disappointed . It works much better than a traditional box fan . It is powerful and no louder than any other fan that I have ever owned . So , I guess that sound is relative . It does not bother either my family or I in the least bit . It does what it is meant to do , circulate air and therefore cool the room . We like it .
 The fan is surprisingly powerful for it 's size , and provides excellent air flow to even a large room . Remains stable during operation ... even on highest setting . Good value .
 I 'm reading these reviews of LOUD FANS and laughing . Hey , people , it 's got these plastic things that are wing shaped and they are moving really really fast in order to push a lot of air around the room to keep you cool ! That makes noise!Okay , sarcasm aside , I have to say that I 'm not really understanding the complaints . I 've owned a lot of fans in my time . I guess if I buy one that says `` Turbo Force '' on it , then I 'm going to assume it 's not going to be whisper quiet . But , it 's not as if the fan whines or makes an obnoxious noise . It sounds like a fan!So , how does it work ? It blows . Air . The air moves about the room . It feels well constructed . I 'm glad I bought it.Amazingly , to me , I got a better price at Target on this and the smaller Honeywell fan . I was replacing a piece of junk Seville Classics oscillating tower fan I got from Costco about two months ago . That 's what I get for buying an unfamiliar brand . I 'm going with Honeywell and this fan model for simplicity and name recognition . **** UPDATE Dec 2008 **** Still working well . I 'm pretty happy with it . I use it during the winter to blow upward and circulate the warm air off the ceiling and the cold air off the floor . On low it provides a nice , white noise as well . Good buy .
 We bought several of these fans to drown out noises at nighttime like traffic -LRB- and snoring -RRB- and they are wonderful . They pack a wallop and take up very little space .
 Love this piece as it goes well in my country Dickens Village working to put the greenery together . Ca n't find these in stores .
 Hopefully you will not have to use this scraper often . . only on burnt droppings . Does a great and very quick job especially if used withthe product for burnt items . Cut the pads in smaller pieces and wash immediately after use and will last a long time .
 his kit is pretty good . The scraper was okay . It got most everything off , but not quite everything . The sponge is soft and works well .
 The pad is just like every other pad and I kind of hate using them because they get icky very quickly but it 's really fine . The scraper is very useful but sometimes you have to really get in there if something got burned and sat for a little while . I would have given this 3 stars BUT , the scraper works even better on my granite countertops than it does on the stove itself . For that alone , I use it all the time to get those little rough patches that are hard to scrub up without being worried about scratching or eroding the finish of the granite . Works especially well in our coffee area where the little bits of sugar get wet and stick to the counter .
 I received a sample of Cerama Bryte cleaner and pad when I purchased my ceramic cooktop . It 's the only product that I use on my cooktop . Later I purchased the scraper for instances when the pad is inadequate . It has proven to be effective as well .
 The blade works when the scrub does n't . Does anyone know how to change the blade and where to buy just the blades ?
 I feel its kind of expensive for plastic razor scraper . I pushed really hard and it did not break ! I only gave it 4 stars due to price.I had to scraper really really hard on one little spot to get it completely clean for 10 minutes . The burnt on grease cerama bryte remover does not work well . I used the remover liquid with the razor while i was scraping to speed the process . It will take me forever to clean my glass top . 1 rating for the burnt on grease remover cleaning solution.i tested the remover solution for 10 , 20 , and 30 minutes . I was not impressed !
 I used just regular ceramabryte and yellow scrubber for months -LRB- I could n't find a store that carried the scraper -RRB- . It does a great job if you are diligent about cleaning . But to get off the small spatter marks that cook on quickly , I needed the scraper . My stove top looked brand new afterward .
 When I first got my cooktop , I forgot and laid a potholder on the hot surface . The vinyl tag melted onto the top . I called the maker and did some internet search for help but did n't really find a fix . I ordered this kit and was able to get most of the stuff off pretty quickly . There was a fine film left so I put a saucepan of water on the affected burner and boiled the water . Once the pan was hot , I took it off the stove and dumped the water out . Most of the residual film stuck to the bottom of my 25 year old Farberware pan and came off easily with a Brillo pad . The tiny amount STILL on the cooktop came off over time and my stove looks fine now . The manufacturer tried to sell me a new top ! The produce set works great for everyday cleaning , too . : - -RRB-
 This tool is small for nice storage and use . The razor or sharp edge works perfect on my flat top stove for scraping off burnt on stuff before I use the rest of ceramabryte prodects to clean it . The razor appears to be replaceable .
 This little scraper saves a lot of &#34; elbow grease . &#34; Will always keep an extra on hand . Good product . Buy one .
 For Glass top stoves ... . this get every bit of cooked on carbon crud !! Buy more than one since these are always sold out at Home Depot ...
 This is the second time I have bought this product as I needed to replace my old one . This is the easiest and best way I have found to clean my ceramic stove .
 The fan arrived just before the weather turned hot and stayed so for an extended period of time . We were very impressed with the fan
 This is a simple yet effective poster . Where have all the heroes gone ? They came back for another tangle with those that would harm the peaceful and the weak . This poster , though near the end of the 1960s , is as nostalgic as those from the era of the original THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN . It captures that essential singular theme of seven men coming to the aid of the downtrodden . THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN logo is bold suggesting these are men not to reckon with if you are on the wrong side of righteousness and what is good in the world . They will vanquish all that is evil .
 I love the poster . When I got my room fixed up I still felt that there was just something missing . The poster was it , its the perfect size and the picture quality is great . It ties up my room perfectly ; my room of earthly delights .
 Consistent with my experience with all Demeyere cookware , the pan is exceptional . This particular line -LRB- I have pieces from several of their series , chiefly Apollo and Sirocco -RRB- cooks with exceptional efficiency , needing a lower heat setting to achieve the same result as higher energy use with other cookware . Even heating is flawless . And the pan is exceptionally beautiful .
 We have a Keurig in our small office , and since we got it in December half the office has taken to making themselves a green tea pick-me-up in the afternoon . I find the Bigelow K-cup green tea to taste the same as that brewed from most green tea tea bags . It is not quite the same as green tea brewed from loose leaves , but for what it is , it is great .
 As Green Tea goes this is one of the best . Very easy to to get it steeped right with K-Kups ...
 This green tea has great strong flavor even when brewed at the largest size . We love it !
 What happens when you get your Kuerig coffee maker is you get a variety pack of various flavors they have availabe . This was one of the samples that I ordered again , because it is flavorful and fresh tasting , even without cream and coffee , and perfect in a mug on a chilly morning . I do n't rate it at five stars because of the price . You can get 25 count boxes for roughly this same price . Also , note the `` best if used by '' dates that some come stamped on the side of some K-cups . When you see a REALLY good deal at certain places , it is worth calling to ask about the date stamp . I 've used K-cups several months past the date stamp and really ca n't tell any difference , but it is something that makes you wonder whether the stuff really gets stale , or if this is a sales technique applied .
 I thought I remembered Kenya Kilimanjaro being very dark but like another reviewer said , this is not really that dark . It is very good , for a medium roast . I 'm not sure if they changed the recipe in the last few years or if my tastes have changed that much.Anyway , this roast is very good , adds a nice base if you like creamer in your coffee , but not a very DARK bitter blend for those who prefer that .
 We love this coffee but ca n't seem to find it lately . Very bold taste but not bitter . We hope to find it locally .
 I love this coffee - bought some on another site as a bulk order with some others and it just gets better as I keep drinking it . One of my top morning coffee selections !
 I 'm a coffee snob . Not the kind of coffee snob who claims to be one but would actually buy a `` K-cup brewing system '' and expect it to be good . I 'm the kind that prefers to brew coffee in an all-glass vacuum pot/syphon with a glass filter rod so the oils do n't get absorbed by paper or fabric filters and metal does n't alter the taste . So I do n't usually drink office coffee , because it 's usually garbage . Sometimes just for the heat or the caffeine , I 'll drink a few cups , though.But back in February I started a new contract , and these guys have one of these K-cup things . Seems like a silly gimmick to me , and a pretty environmentally unfriendly one ... but one day I needed some caffeine and started trying the coffees . The first one I tried was a costa rican thing which tasted like someone mixed maxwell house with starbucks and pencil shavings and filtered it through a moderately clean sock . The second one was a columbian one that tasted like maxwell house with less starbucks , more pencil shavings , and a dirty sock . Then someone opened a box of this Kenya stuff , and I rolled my eyes and tried it ... and really liked it . It 's not the best coffee in the world , but it 's very drinkable . Smooth and soft , reasonably rich and robust ... it 's a nice no-heartburn beverage . I usually toss an ounce of cold water in the bottom of the cup because it does n't taste so great when it 's still at cautious sipping heat , but at a good drinkable temperature it 's very doable . Feels like a dark roast without the bitter burned taste , almost like a peaberry . Doubt it 's that , but whatever 's in it , I 'll happily swill down a few cups of it on a day when I want something besides water or tea ... not just on days when I need caffeine .
 Found this to make a rich , strong cup of morning coffee ! This is one of my favorites along with Newmans .
 I was surprised to see other reviews for this product . I got a lot of different silicon potholders for wedding gifts and a year later I almost exclusivly use these . The other ones I have are too big a bulky for me but these KitchenAid ones are perfect . I do n't know what I would do without them , they are perfect for getting stuff out of the oven and great for hot pot handles . Easy to clean too , mine still look brand new !
 I 'm amazed to find other reviewers trashing this very handy grabber . I 've had mine for about a year and it has almost completely replaced potholders in my kitchen . I also tried a generic brand silicone graber when my local BB&B did not have a Kitchenaid in stock and found it so inferior that I threw it away and am ordering another Kitchenaid . It 's easy to clean , fits neatly on the counter , and works as advertised .
 I do n't think the KA grabber is the disaster the first reviewers make it out to be , but I agree with their suggestion that KA needs to investigate the sizing issue.That said , like the sole five-star poster noted , it 's a nice tool and cleans well once you figure out how to use it.If it was n't for the lowball ratings , I 'd rate the grabber as three stars -LRB- average -RRB- as I suspect the one-star posters could have.At the least , it gets concept points for cool idea , and for men 's hands , it works pretty good -LRB- hence my subject line -RRB- . KitchenAid are you listening ? This product could use some improvement .
 We have usually always been a little disappointed in how the tea k-cups turn out , but not this one ! Surprisingly dark and really flavorful ! Very pleasant surprise and delicious with some honey mixed in ! Tastes like black tea and not just hot water . Give this a try as an alternative to coffee .
 ` Nothing bad to say about anything Keurig w-h-a-t-s-o-e-v-e-r . Hands down one of the greatest modern day conveniences and something to put a smile on my face each and every morning . This tea is a nice , strong brew , much like all of their tea varieties , and surprisingly so . I 'm your average loose tea , fresh from the source type , and I still love these for their ease and speed while on the go , while not sacrificing a good cup of tea or joe .
 I bought this product , along with coffee and the Keurig coffee maker for my son and his wife . The tea was for her and she loves it ; a fast and easy way to make tea for one without microwaved water or a kettle on the stove . It is a real hit and `` mom '' scored , at least this time !
 This very enjoyable `` English Breakfast '' tea was included in theCelestial Seasonings K-Cups Tea Sampler 44 Cups -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- we bought for use in ourKeurig B-40 B40 Elite Gourmet Single-Cup Home-Brewing System.It is a very rich , traditional tasting tea that works well in both small and large cup brew sizes.Highly Recommended!CFH
 I think this is the greatest thing . I got a Keurig as a gift and found a whole new world for coffee and tea . It is so nice and convenient to have hot beverages without wasting so much coffee or tea when there is only one person to fix for . I will reorder this product again .
 Needed Kcups for my daugher at collge . Thought it was a coffee/tea variety pack , but she did n't mind since she loves tea as well . Service was quick .
 Most people buy the Keurig drink maker for coffee . I am not a coffee drinker . This machine does a great job on the English Breakfast tea variant . Wish they had more selections -LRB- Irish Breakfast tea etc. . -RRB-
 Great tea . My son loved it . K cups are really handy , maybe a little expensive , but if you want easy , I guess you have to pay the price .
 The tea flavor was just as I remembered at home in the UK . Strong full flavor .
 It appears that Homespell and Amazon are selling these sheets off ... These are the finest sheets I 've ever owned at any price ... Great colors -LRB- for me -RRB- They breathe , they 're not to heavy and they wash well too . Give them about six washes and they are softer than soft ... Get them while you still can . . I am stocking up ... The queen size top sheet is a bit short on the sides still I love this product .
 For the first two decades of the 20th century , before Babe Ruth changed the game , the debate over who was the greatest player in the baseball was between Ty Cobb of the Detroit Tigers in the American League and Honus Wagner of the Pittsburgh Pirates in the National League . I always remember the quotation from Hugh S. Fullerton in Ken Burns `` Baseball '' documentary
 I love this French Vanilla . For those of us who do n't want our coffee stripping the paint off the walls this is perfect . I always add water to my coffee , just my preference as most are way too strong . The vanilla is not over powering and the blend produces a great light roasted cup of coffee . My favorite . If you like `` BOLD , DARK ROAST '' then this one is n't for you .
 The item I purchased was delivered in a timely manner and was available at a good price . The shipping cost seemed a bit high , but the product was fresh and received in good condition .
 These are my very favorite K cups of all I have tried ... and I have tried a lot . It is also a good value
 The Van Houtte French Vanilla is a substantial , creamy , somewhat nutty cup . I much prefer it to Gloria Jeans -LRB- though I like some of their other flavored coffees . GJ 's FV is also weaker . Timothy 's is a bit stronger than GJ 's , but lacks the complexity of the VH cup .
 We purchased a Keurig for our daughter to use at college . She LOVES these coffee flavors which we got thru amazon.com . Good quality , good taste and shipped quickly . Hightly recommend .
 This product was adequate but there are better French Vanilla brands out there . Product was shipped quickly and in great shape .
 Nothing bad to say about this product , great price , got to me quickly and makes delish coffee ! Thanks a ton !
 I have tried several flavored coffees , and some are dreadful . Not so with this one ! It is lovely ! The smell is not so strong that it overpowers you , and you can still taste vanilla without it being bitter . LOVE !
 Love the taste of this coffee ! It 's good but not an overwhelming coffee taste either ! Very happy with my purchase .
 Love this coffee !!! Will buy over and over again . You ca n't beat Amazon 's price with free shipping !
 I love this French Vanilla coffee . It 's not over powering but still has a great vanilla flavor . My husband and teenage kids love it also . It 's a household favorite !!
 The French Vanilla is wonderful . This is our first time and it is wonderful . My wife loves flavored coffees , so , this was just a natural way to go.We both enjoy a coffee in the morning and one when entertaining some evenings.These k-cups are perfect for entertaining and fast perks . Enjoy !!!
 Personally , I prefer the decaffeinated brands by this manufacturer but it was good for the price !
 We tried some of this in our new Keurig coffee maker and it was just OK . This is a lighter brewed cup of coffee with a very sweet taste . It was so sweet that I actually ate a small bit of food with it and it made the coffee taste better to me as it took the sweet edge off of the flavor . I gave it a 4 star rating as my wife loved it but for me it was a 3 or four star.I could drink it without problems but it is not my favorite . It was a smooth flavor and not bitter but the vanilla flavor was a little light . You may have to cut back on any sweetener if you use any . I brewed a medium cup size of coffee . I posted a photo of the K-Cup .
 What more do I need say , love the taste and the coffee has a pleasant smella very good blend .
 I purchased this coffee as it is very smooth and not overwhelmed with Vanilla . I really like the flavor and I will continue to purchase . This is one of the best brands that I have tried .
 I had some of the Green Mountain coffee and it was very acidic and way too strong so I wanted something with more flavor and I bought this one . I think it is a great coffee flavor . Those who say it has no flavor obviously are expecting something like a powdery flavored coffee . This is n't too sweet but sweet enough and has a great after taste unlike most coffee which is too acidic . If you are looking for a light roast coffee with a sweet hint of vanilla then get this for sure ! ca n't wait to try other van houtte flavors !
 I really enjoy flavored coffees so when we opened the 12 pod sample pack that came with our new Keurig machine , I was excited to find a sample k cup of Van Houtte 's French Vanilla . It ended up being one of the best flavors we had an opportunity to try!Van Houtte 's French Vanilla is not quite as good as some of the french vanilla coffees I 've had fresh brewed at local coffee shops , but it is n't too far off either . It 's a very mild , but flavorful coffee with a smooth finish and no bitter aftertaste . I do n't like extra dark coffees with lots of acidity , so of that 's more your cup of tea , so to speak , this blend is n't for you.I will definitely be picking up more of this blend and if you 're in the market for a french vanilla flavored coffee k up for your Keurig brewer , this one is an excellent choice .
 Excellent coffee , but on the expensive side . I like medium blends . If you like medium coffee , this could be the coffee for you !
 I do n't always like flavored coffees , but this had a good vanilla flavor , with or without milk . I like the k-cup system , does a nice job when you want just a single cup .
 The product looks great , but it appears it design will not hold heavy weights for a constant period of time . I found the chairs easy to put together , if you follow the directions and have the proper tools . I only plan to use the chairs for a short period of time and I recommend that if you plan to use the product -LRB- s -RRB- for more than two or three years buy another product . However , The table that I purchased with the aforementioned product looks great and appears it will last five or more years with the proper care .
 Easy to put together , lightweight yet sturdy . A very attractive set of furniture . Perfect for someone who wants a more classic look on a budget .
 The chairs are great , the finish is beautiful and I love the x on the back . Very easy to put together and if I want to recover the chair it should be no big deal .
 These chairs are sturdy , do n't wobble , and look good . I figured the price was too good to be believed , but definitely pick them up . Do I think these will last me the rest of my life ? No . But they should definitely hold out for several years .
 these are basic , but they came well packaged and easy to put together . simple dusting keeps them clean . I 'm just happy they look nice , pretty sturdy , & that they were at a reasonable price .
 The chairs were easy to put together and are sturdy . Color is beautiful . Worth every penny . Glad we bought it .
 A buddy gave me this poster . It is a great poster clean and clear with a high quality paper . I built a frame for it and hung it in my media room . This poster makes a great addition on the wall of any media room or man cave .
 Well build , nice color on the cherry . Love the lower part with wood as this will protect it a lot . Very impressed but a little pricey .
 The screen is beautiful , lightweight , durable . At first I thought the hinges would only go one way , but they allow the panels to fold either way . One of my best buys !
 This divider has been in use for over a year and has functioned well in the study-computer room area . The lower kick plate makes it more attractive and durable . Wish I had found this one years before ! -LRB- go get it now , I paid $ 30 more in 2011 -RRB-
 Very soft and pleasant fabric . The standard-sized pillow cases are far too large and therefore look messy .
 Fabulous serving piece for the price ! It 's a lovely mustard -LRB- aka curry -RRB- gold color with a matte glaze finish - so attractive I have it displayed on a stand . Enjoy !
 We bought this air mattress to use for camping -LRB- despite the fact that you need a power outlet to inflate it -RRB- . The bed is super heavy , but it comes with a little nylon bag with a strap so you can sling it over your shoulder . It almost felt like the weight of the mattress was going to tear the nylon bag , but it did n't . The air mattress itself is pretty much just like any other air mattress . The air inside will condense if it gets cold -LRB- just like any other air mattress -RRB- and you will sink a litle bit . I like the firmer/softer control feature . If you leave it plugged in during the night it 's super easy to firm up if some of the air condenses.My favorite part
 I have used an Aerobed as my everyday bed for the past 7 years and I love it ! I had been using the original Aerobed , but I always wanted to find a model that did n't have deep circular pockets in the mattress . This Cozy Top has a flat surface and it gives a great night 's sleep . For the price , you can not beat the quality and convenience .
 I bought a twin-sized AeroBed to use when my brother and his wife were visiting last month . It just made more sense to let them have my queen-sized bed , and I could sleep in the study on this little inflatable bed.I really was n't expecting that much , frankly , but BOY was I surprised ! I have a touchy back , so I 'd decided to augment the AeroBed 's support with a 2 '' memory foam mattress topper . The combination of memory foam topper with the AeroBed was amazingly comfortable , almost more comfortable than my pillow-top queen size almost-new Simmons mattress.It inflated in less than a minute . I let it fully inflate , then used the `` adjustment feature '' to soften it just a bit . Put the cozytop on the AeroBed , added the topper , then put on the sheets.After four days of use , with no adjustment whatsoever , the bed was still inflated and totally comfortable . It had n't lost any air at all -LRB- and I 'm not the smallest person -- let 's just say that it 's been tested and handles well over 200 lbs just fine -RRB- . When I released the air , it deflated in seconds . -LRB- Stowing the 2 '' memory foam took MUCH longer ! LOL ! -RRB- Anyway , I 'm totally sold on this bed . I live in a beautiful area , and lots of relatives have indicated they want to come for a visit -- now I 'm totally prepared !
 While I read some reviews , I decided to give this CozyTop version a try . The built-in pump really takes less than a minute to fill the mattress . The material and the construction is of high quality and seem durable . I do find that after about a week it would lose a little bit of air . I do n't consider this a problem since it takes the pump only seconds to refill it . The biggest surprise I find is the bed is actually more comfortable than my $ 600 individual coil bed . I find myself on this mattress than my own bed now . I 've been using this more than a month now and could not be more happy with this purchase .
 I have rheumatoid arthritis ; getting a good night 's sleep can be quite difficult for me . In fact , my husband and I sleep in separate rooms so that I can attempt to sleep undisturbed . When we first decided to have separate bedrooms we only had an aerobed -LRB- not this one - an older model -RRB- in the spare room . I tried it for a few nights and it worked pretty well , but I decided to add a memory foam topper . Wow - it was so comfortable ! I could n't believe that I was sleeping on a cheap air mattress on the floor and it was probably the most comfortable bed ever ! One day my boys both jumped on that bed at once -LRB- it was on the floor after all -RRB- and it developed a slow leak , so I replaced it with this bed . Just as comfortable as the last one , I can finally get a decent night 's sleep . I 've since put the aerobed on a proper platform bed frame to get it up off the floor -LRB- and look like a `` normal '' bed -RRB- , and have not had any problems with air leaking . With proper care , Aerobeds can last for years and years .
 I was skeptical about this purchase but decided to try it since it was such a good price . I have a lot of back problems and need a firm mattress yet one that has some `` give '' in the right ways . I am able to inflate this to a good firmness for me and have not experienced any slow seepage which seems to occur constantly with other air beds . Of course I 've only had it for a few months , so it remains to be seen how well it does in a couple years . The `` CozyTop '' pockets do indeed give a soft cradling feeling but the rest of the bed maintains a nice over all firmness . It is n't extremely cold nor hot to lay on and the mattress pad included is soft and works/fits well . For the price , you ca n't really beat it , at least , I could n't . Oh yes , and it did have an AWFUL chemical gas that just went on and on for quite a while . I recommend letting it air out somewhere outside , probably out of the sun for at least a week maybe before using it . It really is n't untypical for products of these kind of materials to do this , but it 's the price we pay for convenience .
 This bed is definitely more comfortable than other airbeds . I was n't absolutely thrilled with the `` cozy top '' . I sort of reminded me of an old sweatshirt . It 's fine if you put a fitted sheet over it . Other than that , the bed is really convenient . It fills up in under a minute and folds down fast too .
 This bed is everything I thought it would be for an amazing price . Super comfy and performs just as expected . Inflates in under a minute ... deflates immediately . A little heavy but that 's to be expected in a queen size bed . The cord is nice and long and the cozytop helps a lot
 This is my first inflatable mattress and I was surprised at how quickly it inflated and deflated . Overall it gives us a great night 's sleep !
 I recently bought this air mattress and used it when guests came to visit - the `` cozy top '' is great , kind of like fleece in it 's feel . I opted to not use a sheet because it was so comfortable , the `` cozy top '' cover is easy to remove and wash which is very nice . Also , the small size of the air pockets makes the mattress more comfortable than versions with larger air pockets , and the bed did n't lose any air through the night . It was very easy to adjust the firmness level for comfort and inflated REALLY quickly -- great air mattress .
 This is a quality product that will last for many years . We use it for overflow guests , and everyone who has slept on it has remarked how comfortable it is . Our granddaughters prefer it to a real bed , taking turns controlling the electric pump until it is just right . I highly recommend this bed .
 This little bed is just a great stand-by to have ready for guests . It comes with a stuff sack , fleece cover , repair kit and integral pump which 'll get the bed up and ready in next to no time . With Prime , I had this delivered next-day -LRB- Saturday -RRB- for very little extra which meant I did n't have to buy it on the off-chance of having guests just turn up : -RRB- Once pumped , the bed is pretty stable and importantly stays that way all through the night unlike other brands I 've tried in the past.The only reason not to give this 5 stars is the horrid chemical/plastic off-gassing that lasted for the entire week of our first use -LRB- and likely still exists although now its contained within its storage bag -RRB-
 This product was comfortable for my husband and I. I have back problems and needed something to support my back but not too firm . It worked fine . Only problem was trying to get up from that low on the floor but we managed .
 I bought this for my friends or family so when they sleep over they dont have to sleep on the couch . Its a great bed so comfortable like sleeping on `` Air '' lol great buy for anyone .
 This is the best bed I have ever had . Firm and give me good night sleep every night .
 Wonderful gift for my grandson who loves all things Spiderman . Very dishwasher safe `` silverware '' he can call his own now .
 These are colorful and useful . They are advertised as dishwasher safe , but take care to keep them from knocking into other items in your dishwasher , as they will chip . There are matching candy dishes and bowls . The prices here are the best on the Net , as of 9/24/12 .
 I ordered this print and when it arrived it had been damaged in transit . The box was cut leaving noticable creases and small tears in the poster . I provided an `` email return '' to the company . It was very easy to get a replacement . I took pictures of the damage and they immediately sent me a new poster . It arrived intact and is great for my son 's bedroom .
 The poster is overall pretty good , but the colors are not as vivid as they are on the computer . Its still a beautiful picture though and its a really good size .
 A Wonderful Piece , Very detail oriented , Colors are beautiful , I 'm very Happy with my purchase . Very Fast Delivery Too !! Would buy again , Highly Recommend !!!
 I bought this for my husband and he loved it . His favorite bird is the red tailed hawk so he was surprised that I found a statue of one . It is very pretty some of the coloring is not entirely accurate but overall it is a good statue .
 very nice for a resin figurine there are not too many hawk figurins out there that do not cost a few thousand . Those are porcelain and beautiful but for my budget I like this red tail .
 Trudeau 0991100 4-Sided Cheese GraterI like it , but ... The box grater is decent . The one I received was steady , even , and sturdy . That being said , however , this is not a * perfect * box grater .1 -RRB- The opening through which you grate are not very sharp ... they are , in fact , dull . This , however , does not seem to greatly affect its performance as I was able to grate through several potatoes fairly easily .2 -RRB- My last qualm about this product is that the dark , presumably silicone , lip that you see at the base of the grater is sort of haphazardly attached to it . Sort of like its popped on like a Tupperware cap . I am not sure how long it will last .
 This is a sturdy , well made grater . I have n't used it for hard cheeses , but it does an excellent job on cheddar , carrots , apples , etc. . The non-skid base is nice , as is the padded hand grip . Nice enough to leave on the counter .
 After struggling with numerous graters over the years , I got this Trudeau Grater and have been delighted with it . It is sharp , and can easily handle , hard and soft cheeses , as well as carrots and a variety of other veggies .
 I got so tired of buying aluminum graters and throwing them away after they turn into rust nightmares . . so I looked for one that was rustproof . . and this one is excellent . . I would call this one a ~ keeper ~ for sure .
 This cheese grater works exactly as a cheese grater should ... only very minor complaint is that it is a bit larger than what I had always thought of as the `` standard '' box grater ... and as a result is a little more bulky to store in my cabinet , which is a bit tight on space . Aside from that , this was a great value for the price .
 Best cheese grater I 've ever owned , Heavy Duty , Washed easily . Easy to hold while grating . Rubber on bottom prevents it from sliding on the counter .
 My husband and I are BIG cheese eater - and we finally found the BIG cheese grater we needed.Very solid construction , will last for a long time , i am sure.All the Trudeau products i tried are good.If you have a small kitchen and you have very little space , i would not suggest that one .
 It was with some apprehension I ordered this grater , since the brand name is not familiar to me . It is the BEST I have ever had . The rubber trim on the grip & handle provide excellent stability & the four different grating sides are extremely convenient on the same item . Would definitely purchase this brand again .
 I bought this for my wife . I thought the quality for the price was wonderful , if you get the super saver free shipping . The unit appeared to be more substantial , thick enough steel , with a plastic bottom , than other graters like this I 've seen at people 's houses .
 takes the place of every grater and cutter i have ! so easy on the hands for big jobs . easy to clean to !
 I bought this grater because my old one did n't have the medium holes . It has all the sides I need - slicer , medium/large grater and zester . I do n't care much for the zester because I have the Microplane . I will use this mainly for cheese anyway and it has all the surfaces I need . I love the neoprene handle and bottom . Great quality and value ! Best of all , I got it as the free item from the 4-for-3 deal .
 I bought this when our last cheese grater bit the dust -LRB- it literally broke in half -RRB- , so I decided to go with the box type rather than the flat kind . I 've only had it a few weeks , but I 'm fairly pleased with it - it 's sharp and well , it grates cheese like it 's supposed to . One thing to note - it 's actually a bit larger in comparison to most cheese graters I 've seen , but that 's not really a complaint . Just means I can grate even more cheese at once . ^_^ I 've made so many plates of nachos since buying this ...
 I read many conflicting reviews on this before I bought it . I have n't had any problems with the bottom rubber piece coming off , and the handle has never filled with water in the dishwasher . It is fairly large , but just perfect for my need . It 's so heavy duty , mine seems like it will last for a very long time . I love it .
 My old grater was too small and had a flimsy feel to it . This one is a larger size and fits my -LRB- male -RRB- hand much better without that flimsy feel . The rubber gasket around the bottom prevents slipping . It 's all a grater should be .
 This product helps a lot . Many different foods I need to grate into small pieces . Even our pet birds eat regular food . I have to make sure their food is small so they can eat it . This is a great Grater ! It has 4 sides for different purposes !
 One of the finest graters I have ever used nice fine side and leave nice long shred , very sharp and a good sturdy instrument . My only dislike is the smell of the rubber handle , it smells so strong .
 I received this item so fast and this cheese shredder not only shreds cheese at your convenience but it can cut carrots and other things too ! Its a perfect kithchen utensil for a chef 's collection !
 Excellent product ! Great value - I 've used this several times . Easy to handle . It washes very well , both by hand and in the dishwaster .
 The grater is much larger than I imagined . I love it . I have grated Mozzarella and cheddar and had great success . I would recommend this for any kitchen .
 Pretty self-explanatory . Very satisfied with this item , it 's sturdy , well put-together , and grates cheese !
 I have used mine for about a month and it is holding up good , but I am worried about the rubber at the bottom as I am unsure how long it will stay on .
 This is exactly what I wanted . I really like the rubber base that helps hold it in place . This was a good purchase .
 Great quality for the price and does everything i need it to do , it is very large , like the size of a clothing iron about .
 Well built grater that 's sturdy and has a lid in the bottom of the grater . What more could you want ?
 Like many of us , I often find myself scrambling around the holidays to prepare many different things for many different occasions . Items like this cheese grater that are easy-to-clean , inexpensive , and multi-purpose -LRB- I 've used on cheese , chocolate , and zucchini -RRB- are a must-have in my kitchen . I usually use my microplane for finer shredding -LRB- lemon zest , hard cheeses -RRB- but this one is great for when you have to shred a bunch of cheese , as it 's well-balanced . My one qualm is the lack of a reservoir for whatever you 're shredding , but for the price , it 's a great buy !
 It is well made and serves it 's purpose . I like the handle on top . I recommend it . It 's a good buy .
 I 've been doing research on cheese graders and I 'm glad I came across this one online . Perfect product and I love the way It grates cheese .
 I 've never had a nice cheese grater before . I bought it to use for grating my soap bar for my homemade laundry detergent . Worked really well and made the grating less of a chore . Nice and solid and I like the grip at the bottom , kept it from sliding around . I 'm sure it works well for cheese , too . ; -RRB-
 My two year old loves this table ! It is just the right size , and she can use it independently .
 We have had this ironing board for one year now , its been GREAT !! I was a little worried at buying an ironing board that costs this much , due to all the others always fell apart after 6 months or so . BUT , not this one ... after one year of hard use ... its STILL as good as the day we bought it . Yes , the ironing pad top will turn a little colored due to the heat from the iron , but everything else has stayed like new.My wife is 5ft zero ... and she can handle this very well and it adjusts perfectly for her . There are even rollers to make moving it easier too . I would say this is the best ironing board for the money , if you want one to really last and not fall apart . GREAT PRODUCT !
 I loved this poster . I am planning on framing it as soon as I get the money to do so . The colors pop and its a great size . Its for the Lenny fan and makes a good conversation piece .
 The gingerbread figures are festive and the finished loaf cake/quick bread is a lovely addition to any holiday table . I always use a gingerbread recipe with this pan , but a spice cake or even pumpkin bread would work well , too . The enclosed gingerbread recipe is a winner but even a boxed gingerbread mix works well.Coat the inside of the pan thoroughly with a cooking spray that contains flour , like Bakers Joy to ensure ease in unmolding . Turn the pan upside down on paper towels so the excess drains out while the batter is being prepared . After removing the pan from the oven let it rest for ten minutes -LRB- no longer -RRB- on a cooling rack before unmolding . With these steps I have never had a problem with cake sticking to the pan.Using only small pieces of items like nuts , candied ginger or chocolate chips -LRB- mini chips -RRB- work best as they stay suspended in the cake rather than sinking to the bottom obscuring the gingerbread people design . Also , before putting the pan in the oven , give it a good whack on the counter to release any air bubbles in the batter so all areas of the design are as prominent as possible.This is a pan that should n't be put in the dishwasher because the non-stick coating will be adversely affected . Also , no metal utensils or harsh scouring pads should be used and with those precautions taken , the pan should last a lifetime . This deeply embossed pan is always fun to unmold -- the beautiful result is so satisfying . The pan is so special I included it in a holiday package sent to several far away relatives along with a boxed gingerbread mix .
 My family LOVES gingerbread . My mother sent this pan to me as a gift , and on the day that I received it , I baked a loaf , using the recipe that came with it . Cleaning it out is very detail-intensive , but not as much as it is on some of the other Nordicware pans.Do make certain you do a good job greasing and flouring the pan , or else when you depan the loaf , it will come out in pieces . Aside from one such fiasco , I 've had over a half-dozen successful sessions of baking with this pan .
 Cute loaf pan . As with all of my Nordic Ware pans , I used Crisco vegetable shortening and a pastry brush to lightly coat the interior of the pan . The gingerbread released without a problem , and showed beautiful detail . I used a boxed gingerbread mix . Clean up was easy , just hot , soapy water and a soft , nonabrasive dishcloth .
 What a beautiful loaf pan !! Loved it . My son and daughter totally fell in love with this pan too . They thought that I purchased the loaf pan because there is a girl and a boy on the pan , just like them , and they are right . I love my children so much that every time I bake with this pan , it will remind me of them .
 NordicWare is the top manufacturer of cake pans in my book . The Gingerbread Loaf Pan is no exception . This heavy duty pan yields consistent results every time . Remember to hand wash your pans to preserve the non-stick functionality and you 'll have many years of use .
 I first used this juicer when I worked at a high end restaurant , we used it all the time . It can make peanut and other nut butters as well as juice about anything . I purchased one for home around 10 years ago and it is still going strong . I take it to my kids day care and push peeled frozen bananas through it for some of the best home made instant `` ice cream '' you can find -LRB- all the kids love it and it is cool to watch and participate -RRB- . This also works great for frozen peaches - amazing stuff that everyone likes and is great for you . I generally juice fruits like carrots and apples as well as nuts and the above frozen fruits . It has a magnetic safety interlock where the motor with the `` masticator '' part will not turn on unless the housing is attached . All the parts are sturdy and the motor is more than adequate.It takes about 7 min . to clean depending on the material , nut butters do n't rinse right off like vegetables.There is a screen that allows the juice to flow through , and it does not seem to clog with prolonged use . If you take the screen out and put in the solid plate it will then grind up things like nut butters and frozen fruit . This can produce minor drips around the plate which is the only real down side . A little expensive but I figure it will be inherited .
 I saw this dinnerware in a shop at the mall and the cost was much greater than the value I found on Amazon . I have a good friend you has the same dinnerware and it is not only well-made but beautiful . It is functional and makes your dinner table a pleasing place to sit down to enjoy a great meal . I highly recommend it .
 I bought these as a Christmas gift for my brother . He said they are very comfortable . I may get a couple for myself when I next buy bed pillows .
 ` The Emerald Forest ' is a somewhat obscure , undiscovered gem from the 80 's . The poster shows the images of a man in modern garb with a rifle over his shoulder and a teenage boy in tribal garb with a bow and arrow . They are Father and son . The story takes place deep in the Amazon jungle , hence the title , ` Emerald Forest ' and the predominantly green poster is in keeping with that thematic element . A great reproduction poster from one of my favorite films and the 11 '' x 17 '' size matches the rest of my collection !
 Great price for the coffee mugs . Love the Pistoulet pattern . It 's all we use now at home . Sets a wonderfully colored table !
 Just what I wanted . You can re-shape the giraffe so that the neck is down or up so you can have different shapes but all giraffes .
 I 've got the radio at amazon.com lately . The radio is excellent in any ways , more than just for the money . I give it a `` five star ! '' &Eacute;lan
 Big bang for the buck ; I use this on my kitchen table to listen to the news during breakfast . My only complaint is that it defaults to FM so I always have to switch to AM when turning the unit on .
 This is by far the best inexpensive -LRB- cheap , cheap , cheap -RRB- radio that I have ever bought .
 Excellent multi-band radio for its size . Good sound , good reception across SW bands considering the size of the radio and its antenna . Really ca n't beat it for its price .
 This is the best radio I have had in a long time . Very good sound and easy to change channels . Also , digital so you can actually see the channel you are looking for .
 The sight of this compact radio does not reveal the quality of the reception and the quality of the sound and it tunes digitally too . One would expect to pay a heap more . High quality , low price , convenient . The only other thing I would have liked would be memory presets , but for the price no complaint .
 I bought the Jwin JXM for ten dollars because I read a review that claimed it 's better than the Grundig S350 . I was skeptical but intrigued , so I bought the JXM and surprised at how clear the reception is on both AM and FM . This is easily the lightest radio I 've ever held . Like holding a feather . The reception is strong . Do n't waste time or money with an AC adaptor , which will cause interference , just use two double A batteries.Weaknesses
 This is an good radio for kids and travelers . The sound -LRB- monorail only -RRB- is clear and can be improved with earphones or ear buds . Short wave reception can be improved by attaching a long wire -LRB- with an alligator clip on one end -RRB- to the built-in antenna.It makes a good travel radio alarm clock too . The clock and alarm , like everythig else , is easy to set . Manufacturers of more expensive radios -LRB- like China 's Kaito -RRB- could take a lessen in ergonomics from the JX-M14 . Watch out for shipping and handling charges . I purchased my radio for under $ 10.00 ; but GOLD CHIP INVESTMENTS , LTD -LRB- located in Florida -RRB- charged me over $ 11.00 for shipping & handling . The chart provided to predict shipping charges indicated only about half that amount .
 This is an absolutely beautiful elegant pattern . The packaging was superb and it arrived very quickly !
 I looked everywhere for this type of drapery ring that did n't cost a ton of money . I was thrilled when I found these . They are perfect !
 The Umbra Drapery rings made my Dupioni Silk curtains look even more majestic . They hang beautifully and I am able to adjust them on the curtain rod with ease . I shopped around and similar products were between $ 9.99 - $ 20 . These were the perfect price .
 Everything was great about these except the amount included ... most drapes are made for 10 rings . I do n't understand why this only comes with 7 . However they are stylish and inexpensive .
 could not find them in stores . glad I found them on line . The color and style worked well with my curtains . Like them .
 they install in minutes and were easy to use . We ended up buying about 12 packs total for 4 windows .
 I was very please with how well made these rings are . They were very cheap compared to everything else out there , so I was prepared for shoddy quality , but that 's not what came . They are really well finished .
 This product was just what I needed , due to the design of my drape and rod.I agree , it is a lot of work trying to sew a bunch of these on a thick drape , but I did it , and I do n't have to worry about it for many years to come.Just thankful to have found it here on Amazon , they are not easy to come by .
 These are inexpensive , but solid . They look great . The bottom little ring keeps them from attaching awkwardly . I will buy these again and again whenever I need drapery rings .
 I ordered this item hopeful that it would fit my rods . However , as others have mentioned , the dimensions are not truly 2 '' ... likely best for a 1 '' rod . Anything over that just does n't work.Regrettably , this item was returned .
 These are virtually impossible to find in stores and they are infinitely better than the rings with clips . These are great for pleated drapes . You hang the pleated drapery hook in the lower ring . These are a really great way to update tired looking drapes into something more current and fashionable .
 good product , just as it was shown on the internet . It was just what I was looking for and could not find in any local store .
 We needed alot of drapery rings for a huge window and were pleased to find such a quality solution at this great price . They slide so easily along the metal rod , just a flick of the wrist closes the drapes ! The touch of antique gold was enough to give a lavish look to our drapes .
 This is the very best price I 've found on drapery rings - from E-bay to Walmart to Penney 's . They 're not fancy but nice & strong . I plan to order more !
 OK ... I 've been searching EVERYWHERE for rings like this , but had an extremely hard time finding rings with NO clips . Pottery Barn carries them , and although I do love to shop PB , I feel that the price they charge is extremely high for these . If this is the kind of ring you are looking for I highly recommend buying these from Amazon ... best deal I could find after months of searching !
 They are really hard to find . Most of the curtain rings are with a clip and I am glad to find these rings with a small simple ring at the bottom . The color match my curtain rod perfectly . I love them !
 I had a large window to cover and bought a 170 '' rod , -LRB- 1 inch in diameter -RRB- for it , along with some beautiful 108 '' drapes from Pottery Barn.I needed 40 rings for the four panels I bought , but the Pottery Barn rings were $ 21.00 for a set of 7 . I would 've needed 6 packages ... which would 've cost me $ 126.00 . More than I spent on the rod !! I 'm glad I checked here for the rings first . These were absolutely perfect . I was worried they 'd look cheap ... but they 're solid , well put together and they look great.It seems to me these rings would easily fit a rod up to 1.5 '' in diameter.And just incase you do n't know , you 'll need curtain hooks . Unless you buy curtains online from Pottery Barn ... the hooks come with them . : DIf you like the double rings , these are the way to go !
 I agree with the other reviewers ... I searched both online and in many catalogs for curtain rings without the clips . I was about to give up my search when I found these 2 '' rings . One person who reviewed them gave the inside ring dimension which is what matters the most , not the exterior dimension . My curtain rods are 1.25 '' diameter , and finding rings to fit this rod were not easy . Based on the helpful customer review at long last I can hang up my curtains ! And the cost was reasonable since I needed 115 curtain rings ...
 I purchased 10 drape panels from Pottery Barn ; however , the cost of their drapery rings was cost prohibitive . The Umbra rings worked beautifully . This product was a great value especially when I needed 100 of them !
 These rings are perfect ! These are meant to be used with drapery hooks as they do not have the clips - just a ring . The rings are thick and strong and I felt very comfortable hanging very heavy velvet drapes from them plus the bronze color I ordered is a nice muted bronze not to bright.High quality , look great and the price ca n't be beat - buy these as you will not be disappointed .
 Bought the PB silk panels that come with the optional hooks for rings . I liked the look of the rings at PB but my rod already came with the clips and to pay the cost of PB rings was out of the question . When I found these figured I would try . OK with the fact that they were antique brass since the rod was a chocolate/bronze color and the Wesley Allen headboard in the room happened to be two-tone as well . Definitely NOT as nice as PB but the cost savings makes up for that .
 The rings look great and working out well in our son 's room . They are solid and able to hold some heavy pottery barn curtains . Great price as well .
 I was really pleasantly surprised by this quilt set . The material is very nice and soft , the flowers are sort of a raised felt , and the quilt patches are a nice blend of colors and patterns . Unbelievable buy at $ 39.99 .
 This is good item.I bought it for 19.99 . Looking wise it is good.Very comfortable.It is very useful in summer .
 Like the rest of you who have a Krups Mocka Brew , I think its fantastic ! Nevertheless , there are only so many of us , at least in North America . For whatever reason , Krups does not aggressively market the Moka Brew and does not sell as many Moka Brews as its other -LRB- inferior -RRB- models . Maybe its because of the instability of Krups ' management/owenership . Frankly , I do n't know any more which conglomerate owns Krups today . Is it still Lucifer -LRB- P&G ;-RRB- ? When demand is small as compared to , for example , # 4 filters , you do n't have many companies making filters for the Moka Brew . I do n't know of anyone besides Krups who makes filters specifically for the Moka Brew . Also , you ca n't get permanent gold filters either.I 'm no economist , but with small demand and small supply , you get higher prices as compared to filter sizes where there is competition . Krups essentially has a monopoly . They can charge whatever they want.Under these circumstances , I am very grateful that they make a high quality filter . They could try to get by with an inferior quality product , but they do n't . The filter sold on Amazon is , in fact , of better quality as compared to the quality of other filters -LRB- # 2 & # 4 -RRB- I have bought in the past.I understand that they might sell more Moka Brews to the Euros . Maybe someone else will start making filters and we 'll have some good ` ol competition . Until then , be thankful that someone at Krups understands that Moka Brew customers expect quality , and we get it with the Krups Moka Brew Filters .
 I could have bought these filters at hundreds of places online . I bought them here because they were cheaper than anyone else , and they delivered quick!The next time I need filters for my Moka Brew , I will shop here to get them .
 Bought this product after drinking great coffee in Amsterdam that was pressure brewed , -LSB- senseo one cup -RSB- , and this machine is close but no cigar.The taste from this machine is better than drip machines but not as frothy as the Senseo.Senseo draw-back is buying your coffee in those pods , very expensive.This machine is low pressure , maybe the difference in taste .
 Thanks you so much , I will soon order some more from you .
 This works well for us , the arms that hold the board up are of fairly heavy-weight steel so they seem reliable . We just switched from a T-leg to a 4-legged board and it works a little better with the T-leg than the 4-leg -LRB- the type pictured -RRB- , but is satisfactory for either . Remember that most irons must be empty of water before you can store them flat -LRB- or they 'll leak -RRB- .
 We bought the Polder OTD Iron/Board Wall Mount for $ 9.99 at a hardware store.The assembly is straightforward and simple , -LRB- it literally takes about two minutes , -RRB- and the metal seems strong.We have a T-shaped footing on our ironing board , not the Y shaped like in the picture , and so our board hangs perfectly . But I really do n't see how a Y foot board would be that sturdy hanging on the hooks . -LRB- Others Amazon reviewers have brought this up . -RRB- Our iron , when the cord is wrapped around the bottom , sits nicely on the holder . The iron holder has a pretty substantial lip on it so I do n't think it is going anywhere . Our iron can sit , full of water , and not leak , which was something I was worried about when I first looked at the product.The part that secures the rack over the top of the door is big enough to accomodate a substantial width , but this could create problems if you have a really thin door . With too much play the whole rack could shift around quite a bit when opening and closing the door.The door we have it on is average sized and if we open the door very quickly , the ironing board will swing a bit and bump against the door . Fortunately , we are storing it on the back of a closet door that we do n't open frequently.One word of warning
 I bought this in white to match my linen closet door and it does the job it 's supposed to . I was a little disappointed in how flimsy it was once I put it together , but once I hung it on the door and put the iron and board on it , it was clear that it would n't be falling apart anytime soon.The assembly was incredibly easy and only took a matter of minutes and it looks good over the door and allows the door to close completely . I have a T-leg ironing board and it 's not a problem for this to hold it in place.Overall , it does the job , but it seems like the price should be lower , considering the product itself is n't that high quality to begin with .
 Needed this to store my ironing board and iron . We ended up mounting this one to the wall because the closet door would not open as far as it needed to with it on the door . Works just fine on the wall .
 It 's great when you 're running low on space ... It does n't junk up my Laundry Room . It 's easy to reach and although I did n't think it would fit my large iron board ... It did !!!
 Simple and sturdy , does the trick , but nothing special to look at ! What more to say ?
 I like the fact that I can store my iron and ironing board together , out of the way .
 I ordered this and it came right on time . It was very securely packaged . I did n't have to construct it at all . I would have preferred a darker color , but this one works perfect for what I needed it for .
 My sister in law tipped me off that this would be a good Christmas gift for my wife . Over a week after Christmas my wife is still ranting about how much she loves her Keurig . Instead of dealing with cans , filters , and timers every night , she can now wake up and have just the right amount of coffee done in about a minute . I would suggest purchasing the storage shelf and stand . It is a great space saver .
 love that this one has more size options than the other keurigs and that the water reserve is so big . It cuts down on having to fill it .
 Well built and makes delicious coffee , tea and hot chocolate . Easy to use and loaded with features . Menu is user friendly .
 excellent , I really like it.The only thing I would like better when it brews for the coffee to be hotter .
 This thing is awesome . I bought it as my husband 's birthday present and he could n't be happier . I am also enjoying it . Works great , looks good in my kitchen , no complaints . We 've been using it for only a month so I ca n't speak for its durability , but it 's a well known brand so we expect to enjoy this brewing system for a long time . No complaints at all . Shipping was fast . Thank you .
 I was skeptical about this unit but the ease of use and programability of it impressed me . I would definitely recomend it .
 I had an earlier version of the Keurig , but it did not have the programmable features this one offers - choice of 4 different cup sizes , always ready to go . It also has a light-up feature that I also love . If possible , I would rate this brewing system as a 10 !
 The item arrived as promised by Amazon . I like the ease of using this machine and the fact that I am no longer wasting coffee.Good job Amazon for getting the machine to me in a timely manner .
 The Keurig B70 is a great step up from our last Keurig . The several multiple size options are nice and the larger reservoir is also a nice addition .
 Received quickly , in great shape , and has been used at least 50 times since purchase . Works perfectly every time , and every cup tastes just as you expect it to . Love having the multiple cup size options , will do everything from one small cup to filling my super size travel mug .
 I just received my B70 Keurig yesterday , and so far I just love it !! I do n't know why I waited so long to get one . My husband and I like our coffee different , I drink decaf and he and other friends and family like the high octane kind . Now everybody can have whatever they want.It was so easy to setup and make my first cup . The coffee tastes great , and it is so much fun trying out all the different varities of coffee both plain and flavored , and all the specialty drinks . Rather than use bottled water , I chose to buy and install the water filter since our tap water comes from an artesian well and already tastes great.My one and only complaint is that there are n't enough varieties of decaf to suit me . I want to try it all and many just do n't have the decaf , so I am limited . My hope is that decaf will continue to be added to the differnet varieties . I like that I can research and find the caffiene content of the different K-cup varieties . I especially like the Chai Latte and Cafe Mocha so far.My next big issue will be transforming my cabinet area where coffees and teas are kept to accomodate this new system of making coffee .
 I was n't sure I wanted one of these until I tasted a cup of tea at a friend 's house . Now I do n't know how I got along without it . The speed in which everything is ready is wonderful ! The variety of K-Cups is very good and the option of using your own coffee or tea is nice , too . I highly recommend this machine .
 Had to deduct a star from my review because the first one we brought home did n't work at all . So disappointing to bring something home and have to turn around and take it right back.The replacement , however , has worked flawlessly since we bought it just after Christmas . The replacement was a bit different from the first one -LRB- not sure if we got a newer generation or an older one -RRB- . It has a feature I really like
 The Keurig Brand coffee makers can brew coffee super fast and the B-70 has a large water reservoir so you wo n't have to go back and forth refilling it . Just be sure to also get theKeurig K-cup Storage Drawer Coffee Holder for 36 K-cupsto keep all your flavors ready to use . I 've got my Keurig stacked on top of two sets of the drawers and it makes a neat and tidy little system that offers a lot of flavor and variety as well as speed and quantity to my choices of hot beverages .
 Love my Keurig , I only use the large size cup setting , would like it to give me a little more water though.I also have the Tassimo , like it too , the Keurig has more features , I especially like the fact that I can use ANY coffee in it , as long as I have a refillable cup , such as the Ekobrew cup -LRB- Amazon has that too -RRB- . There are a few to choose from .
 I read in another review to clean the new machine to get rid of the plastic taste and it worked ! I kept putting water through , at least 10 water containers full , and it finally cleared the taste . Now I love my new Kuerig ! The coffee tastes great .
 I love it . Started using it the day I received it and have used it every morning after . I like how fresh it tasts and is hot , every cup .
 i 'm haapy I ordered my Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System Work great everything about this coffee maker is perfect
 Bought ours at Costco on a whim as a back up to our Bunn . After owning for over a year and making somewhere around 50 cups of coffee it just decided to stop brewing . No receipt and no confidence that we 'd get any help we went through the maintenance manual and performed every single procedure to the `` T '' to try to fix it.After getting angry and griping about it being a piece of crap I calmed down and called Keurig customer service on a Sunday afternoon and got a human being !! He walked me through a few possible fixes and after providing a serial number to him he stated that it was covered under their warranty and they would send me a new machine !! All I have to do is send back a small part from the machine . Oh , one other thing . The person spoke English and was extraordinarily nice ! I am happy to recommend a Keurig to everyone since they take care of their customers . What do you have to lose . I never even filled out the warranty card -LRB- I will this time ! -RRB- . Oh yeah , the warranty on the replacement starts new again !!! IMPRESSIVE . BUY ONE
 Many of you are saying only short time user like this . I have had this one for two years with no problems . Not only do we use for coffee but make many iced drinks - it is terrific . We take it on vacation with us too - best coffe maker ever with tons of K cups selection.Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System
 I come from a family of coffee connoisseurs , so I know what a good cup of coffee tastes like . I grew up watching my parents and grandparents brew from fresh ground Peets beans stored in airtight containers at the correct temperatures -LRB- NOT frozen -RRB- , no-bleach filters , ceramic filter holder , filtered water etc. . I am capable of brewing an ideal cup of coffee even for a coffee gourmet.The Keurig , coffee-quality wise , does n't even come close . However , if you 're like me -LRB- a flavored coffee lover - Donut House Cinnamon Roll K cup all the way ! -RRB- then you will LOVE the Keurig . Coffee is a bit weak , even for me , but richness and quality varies with the different brands available . Go with 6 oz brews for a stronger cup . And , you can now purchase Starbucks k-cups ! My husband likes these , particularly Caffe Verona , Pike 's Place and Sumatra . I like the Veranda . It 's rich , even for a blond roast . But my secret favorite , besides the Cinnamon Roll from Donut House , is anything from Gloria Jeans . It 's less bitter , with a richer coffee roast and full of fake-flavored coffee goodness . For the coffee gourmet , you can get a passable cup if you go with Starbucks , Newman 's Own -LRB- like the Fair Trade dark roast -RRB- , Emeril 's Big Easy Bold etc , and go with a 6-oz brew . Repeat with a 2nd K-cup for a bigger cup.The convenience and mess-free design of the Keurig is pure genius . I have always hated coffee grounds all over the place in my kitchen , staining the granite , the floor , the sink etc. . No matter how clean we tried to be there was never any escape from the grounds mess . Thank you , Keurig , for creating a product that makes less work for me & a very tasty cup of coffee to boot!The only negative so far is the water canister . It needs a fairly large reserve . Though there is enough water in there -LRB- > 16 oz to brew an 8oz cup -RRB- it will tell you it needs more . Annoying when brewing for a large group . I have also heard this unit breaks down due to pump parts that are not designed to be waterproof . Seems like a no-brainer to me , and yet Keurig continues with the same design because let 's face it , people are buying it , so why should n't they ? Ours is still fairly new , and we have n't had any issues .
 Great coffee pot ! I love how it is ready to brew everytime I am ready for a cup of coffee . Highly recommend .
 Have several models . Did my research and this one won , a bit more expensive ... the blue lights make it awesome , and I love it .
 Our expectations were exceeded with this machine . The pump is very quiet ; some machines sound like a jackhammer . It 's easy to clean , well designed , and we get lots of use out of it . It 's great for guests to serve themselves coffee without thinking they are putting you out to make a pot . We tried coffee with & without the new filter that is included with the current models . The coffee is much smoother with filtered water , & I thought our water was just fine to begin with.Of course , I do n't like the price of the pre-packaged K-cups but it is a great convenience . We offset this somewhat by using the refillable basket that can be purchased separately . We then put our favorite coffee or tea in & viola ! , adjusted for the strength & cup size you desire . I even used orzo -LRB- roasted barley -RRB- recently & it turned out great.The five cup sizes insure that we can use any cup we have . Although the K-cups are meant for 8oz , we get use out of the 4 & 6oz settings , also . It doubles as a hot water pot for tea bags so , you have the choice of 5 different sizes of tea cups.I would n't hesitate to purchase this machine again , or give it as a gift . We use it daily .
 Great item , very easy to use , no waste , and easy to clean , but seen better deals at BestBuy , and CostCo , but you do save on taxes .
 I love my Keurig B70 . It is easy to assemble and easy to use . It makes drinking coffee or tea a real treat . The single serve cup are perfectly measured and each tastes the same . Great investment for coffee/tea lovers .
 This our third Keurig Brewer one at the Office , one at the House and one at the Lake House , they are great and Keurig stand behind their products .
 Great for a single person . I can make a single cup one day or make as many as I want . The only negative is the cost per cup ratio .
 Liked the first on so much , I bought a second one for the office , now I can enjoy my favority coffee all day .
 If you want a single shot coffee maker , then just buy a Keurig and be done with it . Only thing is I wish the water reservoir was larger .
 This is a great coffee maker for those who love a good old fashion cup of coffee , not colored water or mud . Just right !
 I bought this Keurig -LRB- platinum B70 -RRB- for my husband who likes to drink coffee but does n't have the follow through to clean up the pot and filter immediately afterwards -LRB- or even days afterwards in some cases -RRB- , plus the dumping of all the extra that is left over when he 's done since he 's the only one who drinks coffee . It was n't until after I bought the machine that I read the reviews and I 'll be honest that almost all of the reviews are concerning . The majority had the machine breaking prematurely but the reason the review was so good was because of the fact that Keurig replaced it with no hassle . I 'm hoping that whatever issues that had cropped up before have been fixed . My husband has been using it almost every day for the past month and right now it 's working well . He was concerned that the `` travel mug '' size was n't brewing enough volume wise so I experimented with the brewing `` ounces '' on every setting to make sure they are accurate and they are spot on.We are now in the middle of trying to find the coffees that he likes now . Thank god for those sample packs as I originally purchased an 18 pack of a Caribou coffee that he did n't particularly care for and the only way he 'll drink it is with lots of creamer -LRB- and normally he likes it black -RRB- . The sample packs are fairly cheap and a good way for us to narrow down what he 'll drink.Right now I 'm hoping that this purchase lasts longer than some of the lemons out there .
 Less than 30 days old and keeps asking me to prime the machine . Did n't keep packing so I am dealing with Keurig and hope they will replace if problem persists .
 I do n't often write reviews but I had to write about the Keurig B70 . I have tried nearly every coffee maker I 've seen . My most recent one was a Senseo . I was always spilling water - either filling the tank or after a cup was brewed . To use a travel mug , I had to brew into a regular mug and pour it into the travel mug . The Keurig B70 solves these problems . Almost all of my 16 oz . travel mugs fit under the spout . You can remove the tank to fill it but I leave it on the machine and fill it with a jug . I remove the K-cup right after brewing and there is no leakage . There is a big variety of coffees available or you can use your own -LRB- and adjust the strength of brew -RRB- using a separate adapter . I will buy another when this one finally quits .
 I 've had the Keurig Platinum for 6 months now . I purposely waited to write a review because many reviewers complained about failures within the first 6 months . I love this brewer ! It is used primarily on weekends only , and I ALWAYS use bottled water . The machine works flawlessly , and it becomes the central attraction after a dinner party when our guests LOVE to choose their own k-cup and brew their own coffee . I simply keep plenty of bottled water on hand and a variety of k-cups and everyone is happy .
 This coffee maker is Great , I had the B-60 before but this one the B-70 Makes larger cupsAmazon delivered just what they stated in their add .
 I 've wanted to try this machine for a while but the poor reviews , especially when using the refillable Keurig K-Cup , made me hesitate . My coffee makerCapresso MT600 10-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Stainless-Steel Thermal Carafefinally gave out and I thought I 'd finally take the chance.One of the reasons I wanted to try a single-cup brewer was because of the coffee I wasted . I 'd make 6 cups , drink half and toss the rest . I was going through cans of coffee and knew so much was wasted . Another reason was because I have a family member who ca n't handle caffeine and often passes on coffee when we 're together . By making individual cups we can have our caffeine fix and she can have her decaf . But , I also had a concern that making coffee for a larger group would be time consuming , however , after reading how quickly the water heats up and is ready to brew subsequent cups in a matter of seconds , I did n't worry so much . My other concern was the expense of the retail K-Cups . I wanted to continue to use my ground coffee but like I said earlier , read horrible reviews about the refillable Keurig K-Cup . I then read the positive reviews for the Solofill refillable K-CupSolofill Cup , Refillable K-Cup For Keurig Brewers , Two Packand purchased these with the Keurig.I 've had it for a little over a week ... Setup could n't have been easier . Very clear , concise directions walk you through setting up the machine , running an initial cleansing brew , and then making your first cup of coffee . Since my first cup was only the 7.25 ounce size and I did n't want overly strong coffee , I did n't fill the Solofill all the way to the line and it produced a weak cup of coffee , however , I filled it to the line the next time and it was excellent . As with any new coffee maker , whether single-cup or traditional full pots , you 'll need to experiment with the amount of coffee to make it to your liking.Positives : * Short initial heating time * Really short subsequent heating times -LRB- a matter of seconds -RRB- * Will not let you brew if you do n't have enough water in the reservoir -LRB- message also appears on display -RRB- * Multiple cup sizes * No more lukewarm coffee that 's been sitting in the carafe for a couple hours ... fresh , piping-hot coffee every time * Virtually no clean-up . Toss the used K-Cup or wash the refillable K-Cup * Removable , washable drip trayNegatives -LRB- neither of these is reason to not purchase the Keurig -RRB- : * Drip tray does n't click into place and moves too easily . * Water reservoir would be easier to handle if it was molded with some sort of grip . It needs to be set into place at a certain angle and smaller hands may have a little difficulty.If you 've been thinking of trying the Keurig , go for it .
 I have had this brewer for about a month now and just Love it . I have had no problems what so ever . Most coffees sold for this brewing system are Bold and Strong which takes a little time to get use to when you are use to Dunkin Donuts coffee . The coffee taste great , no bitter taste from sitting in a coffee maker . I am thinking about buying another one for the office at work . Also , the Brewing System arrived 3 days after I ordered it through Amazon.com .
 I am giving this Keurig four stars simply because I did like it when it functioned properly . But , what I do n't like is the fact that I paid well over 100 bucks for this Keurig and it 's dead already . I 've only had it a little over a year and it has stop pumping a full cup of water in my cup . I challenge Keurig to stand behind there product and add a 2 year warranty . But , you know they wo n't do it because they know exactly how long each unit will last . Go ahead and call there customer service and ask why do n't they offer a 2 year warranty . Anyway , if you want to buy this I strongly recommend that you purchase an extended warranty . I do n't know if Amazon offers an extended warranty . I bought aBlack & Decker DCM18S Brew 'n Go Personal Coffeemaker with Travel Mugto replace my dead Keurig . It only cost 20 bucks and it works like a charm . Hey , i just need something that is going to make me a decent cup of coffee .
 We are so thrilled with the option for 5 different sizes . I can make my strong first cup of the day by choosing a smaller cup . Then I can fill the travel mug up on my way out to work by choosing the 12 oz option . Love this machine .
 I love my Keurig . This is a great product and was exactly as described . It arrived carefully packaged and exactly when it was scheduled . I am very pleased .
 It 's been a few weeks now since my Keurig arrived . I so love my Keurig Coffee Maker , It is soo smooth and I totally love it . I use it many times per day . I love that I can control the temp and that I can change the size of cup I am making . The versatility of making both coffee and tea is awesome as well .
 Could n't be happier with the coffee maker . Very quiet , holds more water than the older ones . Very easy to use .
 I purchased this machine for my husband . We love it . I should have bought one sooner ! He keeps it in his office and everyone uses it .
 Let me start by saying I have n't had the best luck with my Keurig Coffee Maker . When I first received it the hinge on the lid to the water reservoir was broken . Within two months of having it the system refused to Prime w/o having to constantly take the reservoir on and off . So you may ask why I give it 5 stars ... Well each time I had an issue I called customer service and did n't received a run-a-round phone call or extensive `` trouble shooting '' hoops to jump through . Each time it was a simple `` I 'm sorry , let me send you out the replacement to fix the issue '' . No shipping was charged and I received the new items in about 1 week after the call.I 've been very happy with the convenience of the unit and I think I end up saving money since I make one cup at a time instead of whole pots which sometimes get wasted depending on my coffee mood for that day .
 I love the convenience of the k-cups . I 'm still experimenting with the sizing options because -LRB- predictably -RRB- the strength of the brew changes with the size of the cup . I did n't really care for most of the cups that came in the sampler pack . Fortunately I bought some Folgers Black Silk , Green Mountain Black Magic , and Coffee People Donut Shop for further comparison . All three made a pretty decent cup of coffee -LRB- IMHO -RRB- although I tended to like the smaller more concentrated cup size when using Black Magic , otherwise it seemed watered down.After about a month , the light under the reservoir started blinking and the LCD indicated `` Prime '' . I looked it up online , and this means that the pump that pulls water into the unit has lost prime . The problem seemed to go away by occasionally removing the reservoir and re-seating it on the base . It would only happen after the first cup of the day , lasted approximately a week , then the problem just went away.Pros : ConvenientCleanCons : Loss of Prime .
 I 've owned this product for 8 months now and use it daily.Ideal for single coffee drinker - If you 're single or if the spouse does n't drink coffee , this is an ideal way to serve one cup , especially on the go , with little clean-up required . I have mine close to the sink so I can refill the reservoir from the spray hose and there could n't be an easier way to get coffee.My complaints - There are 5 cup sizes but only one serving size of coffee . That means if you have a 16 oz . travel mug you bring to work every day -LRB- like me -RRB- that your coffee is n't going to be very strong . Rather than a small 2 oz . cup , which NOBODY drinks , they should make cups that range from 8 oz . to 20 oz . and increase the amount/strength of coffee in the serving container.Useful hint - I love Dunkin' Donuts coffee , but their K-cup product is expensive so to save a bit I bought theEkobrew Cup , Refillable Cup for Keurig K-cup Brewers , Brown , 1-Countand a big bag of loose Dunkin' Dunotus coffee at Costco .
 My husband and I are both very pleased we decided to purchase our Keurig coffee maker . It 's the Platinum model & as our unit sits in a rather dark corner we like that you can easily see when to fill with water . We decided we would use up what remaining coffee we had on hand before using the Keurig but as soon as my husband -LRB- our household coffee preparer -RRB- had carpal tunnel surgery we realized the convenience of the one cup & just tossed the last of the old coffee .
 I received the Keurig B-70 Platinum Brewing System on points earned through a credit card . That unit was a disaster . Within a couple of months , the water would n't flow without a lot of recycling , jiggling and various adjustments on my ever frustrating part . I called Keurig customer service and after trying several fixes suggested by them and failing , they sent me a brand new unit . Much better service than I am used to from most venders today . The new unit they sent me has been working perfectly for the past 6-7 months and has produced great coffee . The system itself is a great concept . This particular model affords me the options of cup size -LRB- thus strength -RRB- and temperature , it 's quick and there is a great variety of coffees and teas available . I only drink about two cups a day , so it is really convenient not having to waste coffee from a brewed pot .
 While yes , this coffee maker is expensive , it really is awesome . What makes this coffee maker stand out from others is that it is very fast , easy and cleaner than a normal one . Outside of the fact that it takes about 2-3 minutes to warm up , all you have to do is put your cup under it , place the coffee cup you want into the top and close the lid . Once pressing the button it takes about 1 minute for a large cup and 30 seconds for a small one . This is where it gets real good ; you do n't have to deal with all those small grounds and the nasty filter when done , you just throw the coffee grind cup and filter in the trash -LRB- it is all one thing -RRB- . That 's it . My wife and I also only use water from our brita so that the hard water from the tap does n't destroy the plumbing inside of it . The coffee options are good and if you calculate it out , you can get a coffee ground cup in bulk for about -LSB- $ ... -RSB- cents -LRB- amazon is great for this -RRB- . If you do n't want to deal with this , the optional coffee ground filter and inclosure is about -LSB- $ ... -RSB- bucks and is just slightly more work , but still easy and great . The only bad thing is that you ca n't make a 8-cup pot in one use and the reusable coffee filter -LRB- to use with your own grounds -RRB- is a little messy , but not bad . If you have the money , get it .
 I 've used this machine for about a year and it works great . The bolder coffees when brewed on the smallest setting have a little crema on top at times . This brews the best tea I 've ever tasted . I love when a product delivers all that it promises .
 Well after wasting coffee and constantly cleaning the pot and using filter , I went ahead and got this for myself . Wow ! I dont miss my old pot at all -LRB- although I got ta admit , I wish they have Dunkin Donuts k-cups , then Ill be very happy -RRB- . Its fast , easy , and slick looking ! But thats the aesthetic part . The best part is how this machine is pretty quiet compared to my friend 's B60 -LRB- she suggested this brand to me and was initially impressed with her machine -RRB- . It has a bigger water reservoir and extra features such as ice tea maker ! I use it mainly for coffee too - the various quantity of coffee , cocoa , and tea brand is a nice touch . More choices means better for us . Theres only a few parts you really got ta clean . Make sure you use filtered or bottled water because water is what gives it a better taste . I would like to add a feature where the machine powers down automatically when not in used instead of reaching in the back to switch it off . Love this thing . **** 12/4/2011 UPDATE ! So i purchased this on 9/2009 and it finally stopped working
 Pros : Easy to use.Just the right ammount of coffee.Simple clean up.Good Selection of coffees.Great Customer Support.Cons : Coffee is a little weak , need to use two pods if you want it stongPods can be hard to find and expensive if not ordered from Amazon -LSB- ... -RSB- Broke within two months . -LRB- Wouldnt register Pod , went through all the troubleshooting , but ` K ' sent out a replacement ASAP and no problems since.This is the perfect at work coffee maker or for someone who 's the only coffee drinker at home . Its great for the coffee drinker who values ease of use slightly ahead of taste . The coffee could be a little stronger.Go with the bold stuff even if you like mild coffees !
 I first bought the `` Special Edition '' B60 . However , the pump never worked -LRB- made a really loud noise and never moved any water -RRB- . Called Keurig customer service on Sunday and talked to a US based agent . We could not resolve the problem and he set up a call from technical support . Got a call the next day from a US based technican . After following instructions and executing a very complex computer reset sequence , we agreed that the B60 was broken . The tech upgraded me to the B70 for free and I received the new machine 3 days later . I returned the busted B60 with a Keurig supplied FedEx mailer . This is the best customer support I have ever received.The B70 is working fine . This is the simplest coffee making process I have every used . Since I 'm the only coffee drinker in the household , it is the perfect appliance . However , the K-cups are more expensive and have fewer choices . Since I have a lot of left over beans , I found that I can use my own coffee without resorting to the Keurig solution . I simply remove the foil from the K-cup , wash it out , refill the K-cup with 2 tablespoons of my own coffee , press down , and recover with aluminum foil while leaving a 1/8 '' depression in the center . Crimp the foil on the top and remove excess . Be sure to line up the hole on the bottom of the K-cup . Yes , it defeats the ease of the K-cup system but it is a simple way to use your own coffee with no added cost . I have reused one K-cup 10 times .
 I purchased the Keurig B70 fifteen months ago and have not been disappointed , but it 's not going to be the best solution for everyone.If you plan on using K-cups , you 'll find a vast selection from mild blends to dark rich intense coffees , one -LRB- or more -RRB- will become your favorite . The down-side to this is price . As others have said , even with the 10 % -15 % discount the K-cups are expensive , plan on spending 100 % or more a month on coffee.If you want to use your own grinds with the replaceable filter your results could be less satisfactory.The replaceable filter has a short life span , typically 2 months depending on usage , but the biggest draw back is design.When inserted into the unit k-cups have a nearly water tight fit so water is forced through the grinds under pressure . Unfortunately , with the replaceable filter water can merely run over and out the injection opening , resulting in weak coffee with possibly some grinds in your cup.The B70 is a quality coffee maker with excellent features and esthetics.Customer service is also very good , of which I 've only had to use once but was completely satisfied .
 This coffee brewer is awesome ! I like being able to make one cup at a time . And not to mention the variety of coffees , I can have a different flavor every day ! My girls are in love with the hot chocolate and being able to make it themselves . It is ultra easy , quiet and quick . I ca n't say enough good things about this machine !
 This is the one of the best items I 've ever purchased . My husband and I like different types of coffee , and we could never compromise on a type of coffee for our large pot brewer . We have purchased the Keurig B70 brewer and have not had any arguments ever since . We both get when we want , and the coffee is fresh every time . I also use it for cups of hot water -LRB- for the tea bags I have left -RRB- , and I can drink decaf at night now because I do n't have to make several cups just to have one cup of coffee . We love our Keurig !!!!!
 Let me start by saying that I am not a big coffee drinker . I drink more now that I own a B70 - a Christmas gift from my coffee-holic parents . I used to drink about 2 cups a day , it is now more than that . I have had the brewer for about a couple of months now , and have found it to be wonderful.The good
 We have a small office staff of 5 , but everyone likes a different kind of coffee and one of us prefers tea . We purchased the Keurig Single-Cup system so that each person can have the beverage of her/his choice without the waste that comes from brewing an entire pot of one type that only one or two people will drink.This machine works very well . It heats quickly and is easy to clean because of all the detachable parts.One thing that is especially great is that it brews tea -LRB- in K cups , not loose -RRB- that does n't have a coffee taste , even if the tea is made right after someone has made coffee . We really love this Keurig .
 The Keurig does n't receive 5 stars from me because this is our 4th one . We had one of the of the first home Keurig systems a few years ago and compared them to other brands before settling on the Keurig . i do like the machine but i have not seen it evolve into a `` better '' product in terms of a longer life . We have followed all the guidelines for cleaning and upkeep but we have had two replaced by Keurig.Regardless , I love the coffee varieties -LRB- I order directly from Keurig -RRB- and for serving company , the Keurig is the best . Any of our guests can get either tea , decaf , flavored or bold within 30 seconds . No pots , no grounds . I would n't change , but I believe they should develop a longer-lasting machine . This particular model is pleasing for the stonger cup lovers .
 you 'll love the Keurig system ! Just be ready for weak coffee , loud vibrations that rattle your cupboards , and always filling a half-empty water container . We buy ` bold ' coffee and are finally getting used to it -LRB- since we 're lazy -RRB- . I thought I could stay with my preferred 50 % decaf brewing with their metal filter , but that 's like doing brain surgery -- gave up -- just use the K-cups . We put the machine on a rubber mat , and put the coffee cup on a sponge , now it 's just LOUD . Not LOUD LOUD :--RRB- We should have gotten a cheaper version ; turns out the programmable function only saves a couple of minutes and runs up our electric bill.And you should buy it direct from Amazon , not one of their outside vendors -LRB- had minor problems with the `` Small Appliances '' place -RRB- .
 Like so many before me , I got a skunk of Keurig B70 as an early Christmas gift -LRB- Dec 7 -RRB- . Lo and behold , it started pushing out error message PRIME within weeks . Dismay . Long face . Bummer . But before I go into that let me just say I wanted to really hate Keurig and the ilk due to the amount of pollution this one appliance inflicts on the universe . It 's got to be worse than plastic bags in scope . Just image the not so Green Mountains of spent coffee cartridges filling up landfills . I bought several replacement refillable ecobrew -LRB- tm -RRB- cartridges and my own coffee , which is incredibly smarter than buying the prefilled ones that were likely filled months before they even landed on store shelves and one can only imagine how long they sit there before all the prefilled Keurig coffee drinkers buy them . So wise up ppl and fill your own ! Save the earth , and save money and your health -LRB- buy organic free trade coffee folks ! -RRB- . Also along the way , I have come to the conclusion that these units make pretty darn good coffee . They allow me to set the temp a little lower since I hate really hot coffee -LRB- if you do , though , you can make it even hotter -RRB- , and also allows me to make 4 ounces at a time instead of 8 or 12 ounces -LRB- the larger fills IMHO water down the taste and make me want to pee a lot -RRB- . But I digress.I am not here to bitch about how bad Keurig is ... just the opposite . I give them a five stars just for their owning up to a faulty machine still on the market . Their customer service is bar none better than any company I have ever dealt with when it came to a kitchen appliance EVER . They 're friendly , helpful and quickly replaced my bad machine with a newer model -LRB- better mechanics , let 's hope , fingers crossed ... I 'll update -RRB- without any flack . Of course , I am bummed that this malfunctioning unit goes to the landfill , so I may just resell it as a damaged unit on ebay for some genius who wants to tear into it and try to fix it . I did , however , have to send back the filter holder , so anyone thinking of scamming the system should be aware that you can not buy those as a replacement ... Amen.Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System
 It looks good on the counter and works great ! My husband and I do n't always want the same brew strength and this has solved our problem . Also , I love that I can make a travel mug of tea or coffee , right into the mug . It makes my mornings easy and smooth . Making hot chocolate for the kids is a snap with this too . I hated having to get out some other kettle or dish to heat water for tea or hot chocolate in ! This thing gives you really hot water really fast.I have been ordering the coffee pods online because there is more variety , but in a pinch , Target sells two kinds of the k-cups .
 This is wonderful . No more messy filters to clean , no more remembering to fill the pot at night or stumbling to the pot in the morning , no more wasted coffee down the drain . I am glad I chose to upgrade to the B70 , 4 sizes to chooose from . My kids love to make tea and hot cocoa but due to the expense of the Ghiardelli cocoa and K cup teas we ahve been using the teabags we have at home and also Swiss Miss hot cocoa packs . The best part is you have tea , coffee , cocoa instantly when you want it !! The Green mountain coffee is extremely weak , but the Timothy 's Kona and Columbian are awesome -- really rich , full flavor .
 The coffee is fantastic . We use the 11.25 setting since we like large cups of coffee . There is noise when it is putting water in for the cup of coffee but it 's bearable . Having a fresh cup of coffee all day long is great .
 I looked at the different types of machines and came down to the Keurig with the kcups or a Bunn with the pods . I use the pods at work and although cheaper and available more places , I like the kcups better - easiest cleanup . You can order them online and have them delivered or go to several stores and find them.This machine is great . It has selectable cup sizes , it is very nice looking , it has a large water reservoir and it makes fast , excellent coffee.My wife and I love it !
 I normally do n't write reviews but I have to tell ya . . This is one fabulous machine ! I received mine yesterday and it 's the freshest cup of coffee ever ! First of all , the machine is beautiful to look it . It has these really cool blue lights . You can choose which size cup of coffee you want . . It also came with an assortment of coffees/teas to try and so far they are all good . I also bought a couple of boxes of green mountain coffee - blueberry & rainforest nut and it comes out amazing . Do not hesitate to make this purchase ! You wo n't be disappointed .
 Unboxing : Item was purchased from Amazon directly ; Arrived triple boxed and in perfect condition . I was presently surprised to find a little note from Keurig stating I was amung the first to receive the new K-75 this seems to be a silent upgrade as the UPC , and printed box specs are for the current model B-70 . The unit was packaged securly with an instructional/promotional packet above the top piece of styrofoam that was 1/2 of a steady shell that surround the fully assembled unit . Packet contained a `` Buy two get two free offer '' for K-Cup packs if purchased from Keurig directly , the owners manual , and the surprise note mentioned above along with specials directions on how to install the included water filter.Setup : Setup was easy , and took less than ten minutes complete . -LRB- This includes the brewing of the first cup -RRB- I found the most difficult part of the process was installing the water filter into the unit , as it must be lowered into the units tank , and seated on an inlet hole towards the rear of the tank . I would say most people would not have an issue with this however , and fully blame my ape hands for the difficulty I encountered.Use : The unit was ready for its first brew about 4 minutes after turning it on . Prep is simple and consists of raising the front lever , dropping a K-cup into the hole , closing the lid , and hitting brew . Not much more to say about the possess , it just works . The one thing that did stand out is how quite this unit is from start to finish . It is not much louder that the Bunn pour over machine it replaced!Misc : This unit looks great with the blue LED lit tank , and matching buttons . The larger 75oz tank slightly reduces the drip try area as it extends past the base as a result of the larger size . This in no way hinders use of the unit.The directions for the water filter say each filter pod should be changed every 60 tank fills or every two months ; which seems more than reasonable as a three pod replacement pack is about $ 12 . Brews coffee as well as any of Keurig units I have tried , and water temp is accurate to within 1 degree of its set point measured at the very top of the stream coming out of the unit.All in all I am very happy with this product , and as a result I just purchased another for my office .
 We used to have 2 little one cup at a time brewer , one for coffee and one for tea.Now we have this one unit and love it . It brews very fast and we only have to fill the reservoir once a day .
 INCREDIBLE !! This is definitely one of the best purchases I have made in a long time . I just ca n't say enough positive about this coffeemaker and the pleasure it has brought into our home . If you love coffee and want the single most enjoyable coffee experience , THIS IS IT !!! BUY ONE !!
 We splurged and got it . Now we give it as a wedding gift to everyone .
 I am not a multiple coffee cup kind of guy . On occassion , however , I want just one good cup of coffee . When I saw the Keurig system I decided to give it a try and I am very glad I did . Gone are the old days of wasting coffee and time . The system works great and looks great too . Could n't be happier . The comments about noise and problems with the coffee not being hot enough are jevenile . This system works as described and makes a great cup of coffee in under a minute . Worth every penny .
 I love this machine . It is so convienent to make coffee , Tea and Hot Coco .
 This is the seventh Keurig brewing system that I have gotten for gifts for family & friends and every one who has gotten one loves it including myself
 I do n't know where these '' problems '' that some are proclaiming from damaged parts to the simplest . Read the instructions first I guess is the best advice ? Anyway , this is the best product and I 've brought this particular version , the B70 . AND cheaper at Khol 's . Wait for it ... $ 149 . Plus 20 % off coupon they sent thru the mail !! So far , I 've had no gripes whatsoever with Keurig brand . The reason I went for this one was because the amount of water this one held . Versus the ones below this B70 held much less and did n't want to keep refilling with each cup of coffee or two . Great buy . Especially the amount of money I 've saved let alone for the price !! #WooHoo ! : D
 Moving to FL from Massachusetts where there was a DD on every corner , we had to find a good coffee maker . Well , we did even better ! My husband likes flavored coffee and I prefer `` regular '' coffee . Instead of brewing 2 pots every morning we each get to pick our own . There are so many flavors to choose from , everyone is sure to find a favorite . We owned our B60 model for a year and just upgraded to the B70 . Five of our friends/family have also purchased after seeing ours and they love it too ! Now , you can brew a 4 oz . cup to make Iced Coffee with the newer model - B70 -LRB- be careful when buying - there are still older ones on the shelf -RRB- . This is the coffee maker to own . It makes great coffee and looks so cool on the counter too . ** Our favorites are Green Mountain -- X-Bold , Nantucket Blend , Blueberry , French Vanilla , Pumpkin Spice and Lake/Lodge .
 I am the only coffee drinker in the household so I was subjected to drinking instant coffee until I purchased the Keurig 870 . Now I can have fresh brewed flavored coffee , tea and hot chocolate anytime I want . There are so many choices it is hard to decide which flavor to pick in the morning . I love it !
 I 've had the Melita and the Senseo pod brewers and found both to make coffee that was just too weak - even on the smallest cup setting . I recently purchased the B70 and WOW am I pleased ! I am sampling different coffees at different strengths but have yet to find one that I would call weak . All so far have been great - comparable to Starbucks quality .
 This baby makes a great cup of coffee with no mess , no waiting , and no waste . It could n't be easier ! We are fairly picky about our coffee . We would grind our own and it had to be Eight O'Clock Columbian Roast and fresh . My husband thought a Keurig cup might be a nice occasional stand in for his regular pot , but after trying a wide variety of K cups from the sampler packs , he 's found a new coffee that he likes more than his fresh ground Eight O'Clock ... Caribou Blend . We also love Newman 's Own Organic Special Blend Extra Bold . My kids have been having fun making hot chocolate as well as using just the hot water -LRB- hitting brew without adding a K cup -RRB- to cook their cup of noodles .
 this brewer is just what i needed . i use pods with this because of my heart & i can make the coffee to mytaste . i love the way this brewer is made . i can have the coffee made the way i like it 9 ounce & not toostrong . i believe its the best .
 This review is titled unintended not due to a bad thing but a miss ship . I actually ordered the B60 but was accidentally shipped the B70 . This turned out to be a blessing in disguise , -LRB- yes , I contacted the company but that is in another review -RRB- . On the plus side the extra cup size -LRB- 11.25 oz -RRB- turned out to be perfect for a normal size travel mug . If I got the B60 , I would have to run two different sizes to fill my cup -LRB- my wife still has to run two brews for her mug but I do n't think any machine could fill that keg of hers . -RRB- Very convenient single cup system with good coffee . As far as the coffee being watered down , it was about right for me . It all depends on your tastes . I found you really have to run one tank of water first to flush out the system prior to your first cup or it will taste funny -LRB- ok I was in a rush to try out my new toy :--RRB- -RRB- My only minor complaint is like other people said , it can be noisy but only for a few seconds while it is filling . I find it a little funny to watch the water shake in the blue led light so it really does n't bother me but it might bother some other people . A great product for that morning cup of coffee prior to work .
 I got this lovely coffeemaker as a Deal of the Day for $ 149 , but I think it 's worth it for $ 199 . I 'm the only coffee drinker in my household . It 's great to get up in the morning , see the blue lights of the Keurig , pop in a pod , and have a fantastic cup of coffee in a minute . Nothing to clean up . No wasted half pot of coffee to throw away or microwave cold . I need some caffeine when I wake up , and this a pleasant easy way to get my coffee . I feel somewhat bad about throwing away the little K-Cups , but on the other hand I 'm not throwing away coffee I do n't drink . This is a great concept , makes my life more pleasant .
 I just received the B-70 as a gift , and I love it . The coffee is excellent . The variety of coffees available in K-Cups is expansive . The machine is super fast , which allow you to offer guests a variety of options without taking all night to get their drinks right .
 Excellent product . Coffee never tasted better . I can now make just one cup when I want it and can change the type of coffee from cup to cup ; i.e. strong in the morning , mellow in the evening . Kids like the hot chocolate . I could not see being without this maker after this experience .
 I 've used one of the smaller pod machines -LRB- Senseo -RRB- for a year or so for a quick morning cup . The coffee was nothing great , but it was convenient . I decided to get a D-70 for my office , mostly because I had seen one at another office , and I liked the presentation -- a selection of coffee types in the chrome rack . This thing makes GREAT coffee . I bought a second one for my home . I recommend spending the few extra dollars for the B-70 model , as opposed to the B60 or B40 models you see in stores . The B-70 has a larger water tank , but is still very compact . It also offers more cup sizes , and has a bigger LCD . The few people here that have voiced concerns about weak coffee or needing to use two k-cups , just have n't figured out the system . If I 'm making an 11.25 ounce travel mug size cup of coffee -LRB- available only on the B-70 -RRB- , I just make sure I pick a strong coffee type .
 Coffee Maker is great , works good and have no complaints.Very nice and looks good on my pod holder.Have made a lot of coffee , since I purchased it.Good coffee , which is my main concern , had a Tassimo and it could n't compare to the Keurig .
 I purchased this system for my elderly parents . Coffee time is now easy and convenient for them , and any guests that stop by !
 when i gave my wife her first keruig years ago , i knew it was the best gift ever . that 's even though it made a sound like an airplane taking off . now that it was time to replace it , we were excited to realize that has been fixed on newer models . this new one is so quiet that sometimes she forgets that she made coffee . for anybody that drives to the coffee shop 3 times a day because they do n't want to make a whole pot of coffee for just one cup , get the keurig ; it 's excellent and will actually save them money .
 I was really skiddish about buying such an expensive machine , especially after calculating costs versus my manual cone-drip system . However , after purxchasing this together with the Ekobrew reusable K-cups , I am just blown away at the quality of the machine . The B70 is a solid and well made machine . It is so easy to use that after reading the `` Getting Started '' manual for both the machine and the Ekobrew cups , I made a perfect cup of coffee . So far , after over 100 brews , the B70 is still chugging along , no muss , no fuss . I recommend this machine highly to all coffee afficianados out there that want a quick and perfect cup of coffee .
 I was skeptical when I started reading reviews on Keurig machines and the issues they have had with water pumps , but so far , so good . This has been a GREAT purchase for our family . The only downside I can talk about is the self-fill K-Cup is a P.I.T.A. . It seems like I am always making coffee ! The Machine -LRB- which this review is about -RRB- is wonderful and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone .
 The entire family enjoys the Keurig B70 . But yesterday -LRB- after 14 months -RRB- it started to the display the NOT READY message all of the time and needed to be unplugged and plugged in , turned off and on to get the heater to heat up the water for the READY TO BREW message . It did not show the DESCALE message , but I went through the descaling anyway . I still had the issue the next day . I called Keurig and went over the situation with them . I wanted to see if there was anything else I could do before I bought a replacement since it was past the 1 year warranty . But they surprised me when they said they will ship out a replacement ! Even if they wanted me to send it in for repair , I would have purchased a replacement -LRB- spare -RRB- before sending the old one in to be repaired . We could not be without a Keurig for the weeks or months it often takes to have an appliance repaired.I wish that this one had lasted longer , but at least they are generous with the warranty replacement .
 To start , this is one of 2 items I have ever enjoyed so much to write a review on , so for me that says a lot because although I always read reviews , I do not write reviews . I bought this a year ago November 2010 for my husband at Christmas . We have thoroughly enjoyed it . Before the Keurig we had to drink instant coffee because we like different strengths and I used a lot of different flavor creamers because I liked a variety of flavors . With the Keurig , we each get to choose the flavor , strength of coffee we want and use the same creamer . Not to mention you get your coffee at the snap of your fingers , ease of use and cleaning is a snap too ! I did consider the cost of the coffee and since have been able to buy in bulk or with coupons which for us is worth the money . We are so happy with ours we will never be without one and with that being said leads me to another paragraph.Four days ago the Keurig died on us and I went into panic mode as this was a little over a year now . I cleaned it really good along with the needles and tried it again , no coffee :-LRB- I then called Keurig to troubleshoot as the problem was that it stated that it was brewing but no coffee come out . First , I got an American speaking English , which that itself is awesome and she was extremely friendly . She took my information and had me perform one step and without wasting any of my time told me she would send me a new one free of charge and would receive within 3-4 days . I was ecstatic to be getting a new one free and with a few days . Yes , we had to drink instant coffee for 3 days but it was worth that too ! We got it on the 3rd day and had fresh brewed coffee per liking the next morning ! : -RRB- I honestly think the customer service was the best and the only way it could have been more perfect is if it had not broke , but I realize things happen and they are what you make of them . Hoping this one will last many more years and if it does not , we will buy a new one , can not live without it now ! I might have given it a 4 star rating because it broke but because of the customer service my 5 star rating remains intact . Buy it ! : -RRB-
 I bought my Keurig machine two years ago . In a household of 5 people , we each used the machine at least once a day . We descaled it once every three months and have NEVER had a problem with it . This machine is wonderful ! About a week ago , it started to malfunction , it spat water back into the reservoir or just did n't brew coffee despite `` Brewing '' on the display . I called Keurig customer service and she put me through the `` paperclip '' cleaning , but after that failed to solve the issue-THEY REPLACED MY MACHINE FOR FREE!It was two years old and they sent a brand new B70 to my home ! For how often this thing worked consistently coupled with the excellent support I received , I would recommend this product to ANYONE .
 I just got my Keurig a week ago , I love it , It makes great coffee , I know some reviews on it is not so good , But I know if you follow the directions and take care of it , it will last a long time . Its just like taking care of a car you must maintain it , it does not maintain itself . Same thing about the Keurig B-70 . I told my son who owns one for two years now and it is still working fine . true some times there are lemons I know how that is I have seen it in the auto industry for 30 years . But the Keurig company will take care of any problems that might pop up . Like I said the key word is Maintain it and it will give you good coffee for a long time . P.S Amazon is a great place to shop one of the best . Dom
 About a year and a half ago our church secretary bought us a Keurig Platinum . I love the Keurig . I had one at home for a year and loved it ; and I bought mine after my associate purchased one for his house and loved it . -LRB- Since then , several have been hearing from us how we love this thing and are buying them ! -RRB- It 's been great in the office . I can drink bold , our secretary can drink her de-caf , and we do n't have pots of coffee sitting around all day . And I love the coffee . This has been a wonderful machine , and has served us well . Expensive ... Yes , but we tend to try and get our coffee in bulk when we can . I wish Amazon offered better bulk prices . If you like the coffee flavors Costco sells , it is a much better deal . Amazon , take notice ! I really like you guys !!! Recently our kuerig quit brewing coffee properly , and the de-scale light came on . We ran at least five + cleanings with white vinegar and even a cleaner for this type of coffee maker from Bed , Bath , and Beyond . It did n't work . I called customer service , and they helped me work through some steps . It still did n't work . Frustrated , upset ... a lot of money seemingly down the drain.I called Keurig 's customer service again , and wow ! These people rock ! They apologized profusely , and offered to send us a new one as close to or better than the model we had . I received notice that it is on the way . I confess I did n't expect that . Customer service is n't what it used to be in too many stores . But I should have known better . Keurig is a quality product from a quality company that stands behind their product . Two Thumbs up Keurig ! You have a customer for life :--RRB- I recommend them highly . By the way , I did n't give them five stars only because the coffee is so expensive ... i keep hoping it comes down in price as more folks buy these ... . I 'm still hoping ... : - -RRB- One further note ... Make sure you clean your Keurig regularly !!!! It 's a good machine , but you do need to take care of it .
 Updated 10/20/2012After almost 3 yrs , I thought it was goner . But thanks toUrnex Dezcalit 's back to purring like new . -LRB- see myDezcalreview for full details -RRB- . So while I would n't completely discount vinegar descaling , intermittent descaling with a true descaler may be beneficial or even necessary . -RRB- I 'm hesitant to write this review as I fear it will lead to the immediate failure of my machine . Fingers crossed that such will not be the case . But after reading so many negative reviews on so many sites , I thought I should offer the two cents of my own experience . Since the purchase of it and theKindle/Kindle DXhave been a some of the best purchases I 've ever made . And let me tell you , I buy a lot of `` stuff . `` According to my registration at Keurig , I purchased my brewer on Dec. 8 , 2009 from QVC . Well , today is October 19 , 2011 and the brewer is still going strong . But I should preface that with , I use only filtered water -LRB- PUR Water Filter -RRB- and I do n't use it daily . 1-2 cups a day , 4-5 days a week.I do fairly frequently experience the `` short cup '' syndrome . Though , a time or two it has been a `` long cup '' . The first time was several months after purchase . Now , it happens probably every 3 or so months . But I take it as my signal to descale the machine . I 've never used anything other than vinegar . Afterward , the machine is back to normal.I 've also had the machine `` not brew '' on me . That is , it says it 's brewing , but nothing comes out for several minutes , if at all . This has happened less maybe 5 or 6 times and only in the last few months . I 've either had to start the brewing cycle over -LRB- raise and lower the lid again -RRB- or unplug and replug it which I 've done just twice -LRB- Doing this did n't sit well with me -RRB- . Restarting the brewing cycle will usually get me a larger cup of coffee . Apparently the machine `` remembers '' the first brew and adds its water to that of the second brew . But I noticed recently that this only happens when I close the lid then press brew in very rapid succession . It 's like the two commands happened too quickly for the machine to process . I now wait a second between the two and so far , so good . I hope that 's the problem.UPDATED
 Beautiful coffee maker , the pictures do n't do it justice . I 've had it for about a month now and it performs perfectly every time . Had to buy it straight from Keurig because everyone else was sold out . I usually buy everything from Amazon because of the free shipping but Keurig also offered free shipping and it still arrived in 6 days.Comes with a variety pack of 20 coffees and teas . The Green Mountain seems to consistently make the better tasting coffee and I liked the Bigelow tea . But Tully has a nice French roast and Van Houtte Cafe has a nice coffee called Eclipse blend . The point is that not every coffee and tea tastes the same with this machine . There is a lot of variety and definitely something for everyone.As soon as it arrived I took it out of the box and plugged it in . I threw the switch on the back and it powered up with blue lights everywhere . The front blue LCD screen said that it was n't ready yet and needed to be primed . I refused to read the directions so I did n't know what that meant . The reservoir lights were blinking at me so I took it out , filled it with water , and put it back . Was very easy to do and went firmly right back into place . As soon as I did that the brew light started flashing at me so I pressed it and off it went . Some motor inside started whirring and sucking down the water . I really was n't sure what was going on so I caved and checked the directions . They assured me I was doing the right thing and in the right order . Almost half the water was taken in the first time and the pump was kind of loud.I placed an empty mug underneath and pressed the brew button . Hot water filled the mug in about 20 to 30 seconds . I threw that first cleansing cup of hot water out and reached for my first K-Cup . I lifted the handle and placed it loosely into the holder and closed the clamp back down . It moved smoothly that first time and still does after many uses , a nice solid feel . The LCD said it was ready to brew so I pressed the Brew button again . With the pump much quieter this time but still louder than I thought is should be . I had a steaming cup of coffee in about 25 seconds . I lifted the handle and threw the K-cup away . The coffee was great.I like my coffee when it is almost too hot to drink and that is the temperature of this coffee every time . There is a way to turn the heat down on this coffee maker but that 's not for me . The hotter the better . Thank you Keurig for not wimping out . Hot , hot coffee is important to me and you delivered . I drank that coffee quickly and it was smooth and good . I placed my coffee cup back under and put in a Decaf K-Cup . This time I pressed the button to increase the cup size by 1 and pressed the brew button again . In about 30 seconds I had my second cup of coffee that went almost to the top of my mug with a completely different brand and flavor . Nice and hot and ready to drink . I love having the 4 sizes of mugs to choose from . I used the largest setting only once when I filled my travel mug to run to the post office . For this I had to pull out the drip tray to fit my tall travel mug . It slid straight out and even the bottom plastic tray underneath had dimples on it to catch any drips . So far though this thing has not dripped after filling my mug . I used a Senseo at a friends house and it drips a lot after it is supposed to be done . But I guess the design of the K-Cups forbids dripping . Since then I 've had many more coffees and teas and every time it does a superb job . Very consistent in feel and performance . I feel like it will be making me perfect hot coffee for a long time.I now have 5 variety packs set up next to my coffee maker each from a different company . I usually have a lot of friends and family coming in and out of the house and now any of them can dig through and find a coffee or tea that interests them and make themselves a nice steaming cup . One right after the other . Very nice job Keurig and thank you .
 If you 're looking for a comparison of this coffee maker to others , then move along , because this is the first coffee maker I have ever bought.This thing simply makes great coffee in the most convenient , cost effective way ever invented by mankind.One of the reasons I bought the Keurig , after about 2 days of intensive online `` research '' is the variety of K-Cups -LRB- other macines call them Pods -RRB- . I 've kind of settled in on a milde Italian Blend from Timothy 's . But I keep a variety at the house for guests and when I 'm in the mood for something different.The only problem with this machine is that it is n't portable . When I 'd like to have a cup of coffee on the road in the middle of the day now I have to `` settle '' for Starbucks .
 The B-70 is great . It works like the othe Keurig coffee makers but the big difference from the others are that the B-70 has a 60 oz water container vs. 48 in most of the others and this one has 4 sizes of coffee to choose for your cup which is great if you want to fill a travel mug before you head out the door . Quality product .
 I really did some research before buying a pod coffee maker . I picked this one for the variety of coffee makers you could get pods from and also the size of the cup you could make . Most have one small size cup and that it is . I got it and it works wonderful , the coffee is so fresh and tasty . I would recommend this to anyone . Little more expensive , but in this case you get what you pay for.Enjoy , Nola : -RRB-
 First the positive
 Edit
 This product is perfect . I had to send back the one I purchased on Amazon because it would n't pump the water but I purchased another one -LRB- same model -RRB- and I see no reason to go back to a conventional coffee maker . I love this machine for cofee , iced coffee , tea , and iced tea . I wish one would be made that could be hooked up to a water source because we use it so much that we are constantly refilling it . We get about 4 or 5 servings from it at a time depending on what we are making with it . There 's very little clean up involved so this is an extremely easy way to enjoy your coffee and tea beverages without spending tons of money at Starbucks , Seattle 's Best , Dunkin Donuts , or any other coffee house . We love it and highly recommend it to anyone else .
 I bought this for my office because I was tired of throwing out a half pot of coffee every day . This way , each person gets a cup of coffee , cleans up their own mess , and I do n't have to throw away coffee or come back from the weekend to a moldy mess if I forget to clean the pot on Friday . Very convenient .
 i bought this for my wife after having a regular coffee maker . she like light and flavored , i like dark coffee . this is great because we can have whatever we want and there is no cleaning.plus it gives you a cup in about 20sec . the only down side is coffee can get a little pricey .
 Received this as a gift so we felt compelled to use it , but it 's a great coffee maker . We bought the ` reusable ' filter -LRB- available for about $ 15 -RRB- and use our favorite brand of coffee and this cuts the cost down from about 50 cents per cup to 20 cents -LRB- using our local shop bean coffee -RRB- . Only down side is that we drink a LOT of coffee and with the reusable filter you must clean it out after every use ... and if you make a cup ` back-to-back ' as we often do , the mesh filter is quite hot to the touch at first . Despite the negatives , I would still recommend this coffee maker . There 's nothing like a fresh brewed cup of coffee and this machines kicks it out in less than a minute . Also great for hot chocolate , tea , etc. . Consider your beverage consumption patterns before choosing a size as there are several to select from . Ours makes a 4 , 6 or 8 oz cup . Enjoy !
 I 've long been a tea fanatic and had more or less given up coffee drinking once I finished up my college days . I had an addiction to expensive lattes and though I have a nice espresso machine , cleanup was such a pain that I was usually happier to run out to my nearest coffee shop and spend $ 4 a cup . Not any longer.I admittedly bought this machine on something of a whim . When I did drink coffee at home , I used a French press but this was n't effective for entertaining so when I bought a house , I wanted a regular coffee maker . I looked at a few different models but could n't settle on anything . What initially sold me on this machine was its ability to make iced beverages and the fact that it could purportedly make not only coffee , but tea and hot chocolate as well.I 've only owned the machine for a few weeks but , since then , I have been drinking at least two cups of coffee a day , something I never did before I owned it . I simply love the iced drink feature and I enjoy my iced coffees so much that I 've stopped making trips to the coffee shop . While the K-cups are n't exactly economical , they are definitely a lot less expensive than a cup of your typical coffee shop coffee so I know that , in the long run , the machine will save me money.My favorite things about this machine are the ease of using the K-cups and the wide variety of coffees available . I like to have a lot of different flavors and blends and my variety of K-cups takes up less space than buying bags of coffee would . I also really like the idea that when I have company , I can set out my K-cup carousel -LRB- yes , I like my machine so much that I 'm purchasing accessories for it -RRB- and they can select their own flavor and type of coffee . I am also admittedly a coffee-making idiot and I never can seem to get the proportions right when I measure out ground coffee so I like that the machine takes that guesswork away.As for tea , I 've so far only tried the Bigelow organic green and it was decent but not a fabulous cup . I 'll have to try some other tea varieties but I suspect that I will likely use the machine only when I 'm in a hurry and desperate for a cup of tea . Otherwise , I 'll likely stick to loose leaves and my adjustable water heater as this makes for a much better cup of tea . On the hot chocolate front , I was a bit disappointed as well . I initially tried using the second largest setting and this made for a very watery cup . The taste is better on the smallest cup setting but the hot chocolate still needs to be stirred pretty vigorously so I 'm not sure that making it in the Keurig is all that much more convenient than simply adding hot water to a packet.I have to say that I 've also noticed a sort of plastic tang to my water . It was n't as strong with the tea but was definitely noticeable with the hot chocolate and with hot coffee . With the iced coffee , I do n't notice it . I 'll probably try running the reservoir through my dishwasher -LRB- as the unit says that it is top-rack safe -RRB- and see if this solves that problem.Overall , though , I am truly love this machine . It was considerably more expensive than the other machines I was looking at but I feel it was money well-spent .
 I use this everyday and all my guest 's love it . The price is right and no need for early morning coffee runs
 the iced portion is a little dissapointing but other than that this product is great .
 I bought the Keurig B70 shortly before we had guests in our home for a week . It was great ! Anyone could have coffee any time they wanted , including hot cocoa for the children . The only minus is the different coffee cup sizes . I made a couple of travel mugs for my husband and myself with a dark roast coffee . It had some flavor of the darker roast , but because more water was added to the same K-cup , it was a weak cup of coffee . I think using 2 K-cups on the smallest cup size would be best for the travel mug .
 Just replaced a Keurig B60 -- what an improvement -- MUCH quieter and the convenience of larger water capacity . These are fantastic machines . And -- Amazon Subscription is the only way to buy K-Cups ! UPDATE Dec. 2011 -- Well -- the B77 died after about 10 months ; VERY nice customer service replaced it with a B70 that worked for about 6 months ; That was replaced again -LRB- meanwhile I could not wait and bought a Cuisinart which lasted 3 months and went back to Sam 's for a refund -RRB- -- I then put the replacement B70 into service -- and got about 4 months -- now waiting for another replacement . They do have superior customer service . ALWAYS REGISTER FOR THE WARRANTY ! Use filtered water and clean with Vinegar every other month -- ALWAYS.So -- Coffee Lovers -- this is the only way to get a quick , easy , great coffee fix that I 've found -- so here is how you deal with the poor engineering . Buy a B31 -- I got mine to take on vacation -- and it is the back-up for when you are waiting for Customer Service delivery of your replacements for the B70 . Sooner or later one of these is going to last 12 months -LRB- through warranty -RRB- -- and I 'll have to pay for a new one -- I just hope I make it to the next engineering cycle on this product .
 I do not buy on impulse , so I spent a lot of time reading the reviews here and at other websites . I visited the machine in stores . Then there was the decision as to whether or not to buy the top-of-the-line B70 or a mid-model . If you have decided you are going to spend the money , then you might as well get everything you want , hence the B70 . It 's like buying a perfect car and getting navigation!It is fast , simple to use , and very stylish . You can not beat the freshness of the coffee and the perfect temperature . And the pampered part is that it brews one cup at a time perfectly , just for me ! Quiet ? It is plenty quiet for me - what 's wrong with a little quiet `` espresso '' sound while the machine does all the work for you ? I find it comforting and it simply can not be heard from the other room.And cleanup could not be easier - remove and toss . You could do it with white gloves if you wanted.If you are still not convinced , here I some of the questions I had and the answers to help :1 -RRB- K-cups are made by a LOT of coffee and tea companies , not just Keurig . You will see many of your favorites and never run out of choices . They are on line , in grocery and in kitchen stores .2 -RRB- Yes , it does heat back up right away so you can have a line of people , no waiting .3 -RRB- If you prefer your own brand of coffee , the `` filter '' works really well . It is actually 3 pieces which contain a filter , and you just use regular grounds .4 -RRB- Yes , it will take a tall thermal commuter mug - just remove the drip tray and make sure you use the largest size -LRB- 12 oz -RRB- . If you have a giant , giant mug -LRB- and do n't mind a little weaker coffee -RRB- , you can lift the k-cup cover so it thinks you put another one and add another 4 oz .5 -RRB- Not sure about the size of the machine ? Just check to make sure you have the room from side to side . It is no deeper or taller than most coffee makers so it will fit better than you expect . It 'll look better on your counter than the photos you see of it by itself -LRB- which make it look big -RRB- . Hope you are convinced and will have as much fun with it as I do . I am saving up for another for the office . I do n't want to go through withdrawal when I am away during the week ! 9/28/11 Another 2 years have passed and I still LOVE my Keurig . I can not imagine a day without it . In fact , I got the one for the office , and another for one of my sons and his family . The selection of K-cups gets larger every day . They are now availble in grocery stores , but the best places to find a fresh variety is here on Amazon or at the Keurig website that has hundreds of choices . Many of us now `` shop '' each other 's pantries so we can try out new ones . Keurig also has very reasonable sample packs.A comment on the `` short cup '' many of us have experienced
 This is a great coffeemaker . I got it over a year ago , and I am still very pleased with it . It is really easy to make a cup of coffee in the morning -LRB- just one for me -RRB- . My biggest worry was that I would n't like the selection of coffee . But , the selection is great . I buy the extra bold kinds from the Keurig website , and they have several choices that I really like . I have no complaints about this machine , except that the power button is on the back , which is a little awkward . -LRB- I do n't leave the machine on all day like they recommend , because I only make one or two cups a day , and I do n't need it to keep water hot around the clock . -RRB- I highly recommend this machine , especially if you do n't want to make a full pot of coffee , or you have people in your household who like different strengths and/or caf . vs. decaf . When you have guests it 's really easy to make a series of cups in a row of different types .
 When my wife needed to start drinking decaf , it was time to buy a single-cup brewer . The K-cup system seemed superior due to the wide variety of coffees offered and ease-of-use . We finally settled on the Keurig B-70 and have been happy with our purchase.The Keurig system is technically an espresso maker since it pumps hot water through the grounds , rather than use gravity . Nevertheless , it is a low pressure system so it does n't make true espresso . For regular coffee , its convenience , speed , and versatility are unbeatableStyling
 Not only is this coffee machine a marvel of modern technology - it is one of the most practical inventions for any coffee lover.Let 's be honest . If you 're living in a house with only 1 - 2 coffee drinkers -LRB- including yourself -RRB- , do you really need to brew 12 cups of coffee every morning ? Absolutely not ! It creates an excessive amount of wasted coffee and money every single day.If you 're looking for quality -LRB- rather than quantity -RRB- , you owe it to yourself to try this machine out . It does a FANTASTIC job of brewing great tasting coffee , at the right temperature , in the right amount . Not to mention , the options are endless - especially when you get the assortment of flavors and reusable filter with this particular model . It gives you the opportunity to try SEVERAL different options that are available as K-Cups and it is more-than-worth the small increase in cost.I 've never had a bad experience with this machine . True , this machine is one of the more expensive ones on the market as a single-cup brewer , but you also get what you pay for - I can vouch for that . I 'd buy this machine a dozen times over !
 Keurig provided a replacement of a B70 at a below market price when my B60 started to act up after 4 years . Unfortunately the B70 they sent was defective -- it made awful noises and water would not flow . It was just a bad unit . Contrary to what has been written by others , the people at Keurig were prompt , courteous and efficient . They had a replacement out to me in no time along with quite a bit of coffee by way of an apology . Also , when the B70 is working properly , as the replacement has been , it is not a noisy machine at all . I like the selection of coffee and the convenience and I 'm not usually looking for the kind of coffee I get with my French press . But it is n't a requirement to eliminate one just because you have the other .
 I just bought the Keurig Brewing System for my dorm room . It is WONDERFUL ! It 's easy , convenient , and mess free ! I had read some reviews claiming it to be noisy , but all it does is hum for about 5 seconds before and after brewing . If people think that is ` noisy ' then they need to get they 're ears checked . My first cup was from ` The Coffee People ' -LRB- It came in the sample pack of 18 k-cups -RRB- . It was honestly the best cup of coffee I have ever had from a home brewer - rich , full-bodied , and not a hint of bitterness . The airtight seal on the k-cups certainly did its job of keeping the coffee fresh . I can not wait to try all of the other brands ! Another feature that I love is that the drip tray comes off to make room for my travel mug . I am already in love with this machine ! I recommend this product to annyone who loves coffee , but doesnt want to waste time or money by making a whole pot .
 I work at home when I 'm not traveling to customers ' sites . The B70 fills my coffee and tea needs all day . I usually drink about 5 cups of coffee throughout the day . I enjoy having it on-demand and being able to make it quickly . I prefer the k-cups made by Timothy 's , especially their Nicaraguan bold and Sumatran bold . For teas , I enjoy the Timothy 's Lemon Blueberry.Many reviews focus on the poor coffee strength . That is why I prefer those `` bold '' types by Timothy 's and other coffee vendors . They have more coffee and produce a stronger-tasting drink .
 I have been using this brewer about 1 month now.There are lots of options that can be programmed . My favorite is the ability to turn the machine on at a predetermined time in the morning -LRB- I chose 5AM -RRB- so the water is hot and ready to go . Then I have it set to turn itself off 3 hours after the last cup has been brewed . Even if it is off , you can turn it on at any time and be ready to brew in a few minutes - it even remembers to turn itself off 3 hours later.There is some vibration as the brewer fills the cup and then again as the brewer refills itself after brewing . It only lasts 10 seconds or so and is not annoying at all . The noise is sort of on the level of an electric can opener.The coffee maker fits perfectly on the counter under the cabinet above even when completely open . The water reservoir is easy to fill . The coffee maker is nicely designed and looks amazing sitting there on the counter.It was fairly expensive - but well worth it .
 My husband and I absolutely love this coffee maker . Having the choice of a variety of different coffees every morning is a delight ! We bought this refurbished and it came looking and working like new .
 Well , after 1 day of drinking coffee until I 'm shaking , I have to say that I did not make a bad choice in buying this wonderful maker . My wife and I are the only two in the house that drink coffee and our schedules are so different that making a whole pot is impractical . We had a small B&D ; single cup but it was a royal pain to fill , wait for the coffee and then clean.With the Keurig , we can choose what we are in the mood for . She can have her cup at 6am and I can have my travel mug at 7am when I leave for work . Even at the largest brew size the coffee is still very respectable in strength and flavor . I may try some of the other K-Cups that were recommended for stronger flavor in my large mug.I was at first , a little surprised at the loudness of the motor but considering that you do n't have to fill the container for days that 's not an issue . I 've programmed it to turn on at 5am to heat the water and to turn off at 7:30 am after I 've left . With the Auto Off feature , we can also turn it on if we 're in the mood in the evening -LRB- waiting 3 minutes for it to heat up is nothing -RRB- and we can brew a perfect cup for ourselves or even if we have people over . I love how you can have the rack and allow each person to select their own private cup of coffee . An hours after the last brew is done , it then turns itself off.The only negative that I 've see is the in-ability to drain the internal tank easily and that you have to use it -LRB- not a problem with us -RRB- at least every week or Keurig recommends that you flush the tank going though 4 cycles.My wife is also a heavy tea -LRB- bag -RRB- drinker , so not having to wait for water to boil on the kettle is a very big plus as well !
 I was never much of a coffee drinker at home , mostly because I wasted a lot . Then I saw these machines and started doing a little research . When I visited someone who had one and tried a cup for myself , I was sold . I just needed to decide on the model . I opted for the B70 because of the range of cup sizes and the water reservoir capacity . The blue lights did n't hurt either!When it arrived , my wife -LRB- who drinks less coffee than I do -RRB- was rather upset that I had spent that much money on a coffee maker . Well , guess who uses it the most ? She 's not complaining now . I enjoy the Vermont Country Blend from Green Mountain -LRB- living there , I guess I feel obligated , but it 's good -RRB- and the Twining 's Decaf English Breakfast Tea . The kids like making hot chocolate as well.I 've had this machine for about a month and do n't have anything negative to say . I know many people have mentioned the noise , but it really is n't that perceptible with two kids and two dogs running around ! I also purchased a `` My K-Cup '' and that works great too .
 I am an Army wife and am often left for days , week , months , and sometimes years . I enjoy my cup of coffee in the morning but rarely drink more than that , being alone as of now , I havent been brewing which i missed.I started searching for a product that had good reviews but also a good legacy . i was inbetween the Keurig and the tassimo but ultimeatly went with the keurig and an AeroLatte to make lattes cappucino etc I have not been disappointed I absolutely love it and although earlier reviewers complained of the noise I dont even notice it and niether do either of my kids , ages 4 and 6 mths .
 This product was delivered ahead of schedule , was very easy to set up , has very useful on/off and time of day timers and produces a fresh brewed cup of coffee in no time!I do n't have to worry about spilled coffee grounds , old coffee in the pot all day long and I am able to enjoy the coffee flavor I like and so can everyone else.I 'll never go back to the old stuff !
 I first saw a Keurig coffee maker when I was visiting someone in the hospital , and fell in love with it . At the time , I did n't realize that they also made home units . I saw a Keurig at the store , and almost bought it on the spot . Instead , I visited the Keurig website and the B70 model because of the greater water capacity.I am one who leaves the machine on full time . While a previous reviewer likes the auto-on feature for `` morning only '' coffee drinkers ... that 's not me!First thing on rising , I make a double mug of one of the Extra Bold coffees . I have several favorites -LRB- Cowboy Coffee , Jet Fuel , Dark Magic , et al -RRB- so I skip around . A little later I have another double mug.During the day , I generally switch to tea , and at night to herbal teas . I personally go through 6-8 k-cups per day . And when we have guests , the quick recycling time is a great blessing.I have had this machine more than 2 months , and the `` new '' has n't worn off . Do n't know how I got along without it . I have a great variety of coffee and tea flavors on hand for guests . This coffee maker is great !
 I put it in the walk-thru panty to decrease traffic in the kitchen and let family & guests help themselves . Everyone seems to love it . I really does make a great cup of tea or coffee - of course , choose the brands of K cups that you like best . I 've tried a large assortment and found favorites already - but this machine brews any of them very nicely . It 's getting a lot of use & working perfectly after 2 months so far .
 This was a gift from my hubby . I love the varieties of coffee products and the fact I can have a different kind of coffee each day of the week without having to opening new bags of coffee losing the freshness and flavors . This was bought last Christmas and it still runs just as the day I got it . You need to make sure you do not use tap water or you need to purchase filters for the machine . I love the different sizes on this one , I use the travel cup size for going to work and the 12 oz coffee mug for home . I would strongly recommend this for the coffee lover in your life .
 First off I will admit I tend to be a more casual coffee drinker ... 1-2 12oz cups a day . I have n't owned a coffee maker in years because I would often let 1/2 a pot go to waste and unlike my dad I wo n't reheat it in the microwave ! lol . I have avoided the Keurig hype for 2 or 3 years , mainly because I am too cheap to have to buy the k-cups ! When my friend showed me that you can get the reusable filter I decided to keep an eye out for a deal on one near Black Friday . While in Oct. the perfect sale storm came about & with Ebates cash back , my 30 % off Kohl 's charge coupon , a mail in rebate from Keurig and Kohl 's cash I was able to get this unit AND the reusable cup unit from Keurig for $ 65ish when I was all said & done ???? I doubt it will get that low ever again but if you can get it for $ 125ish it is totally worth it ! I have had it for 6 weeks now & been using it 2-3 times daily and I am simply in love . I have used some k-cups I got on sale as well as the reusable cups.Before I made my purchase I did read up about some of the issues people have ... the most common is the unit stop dispensing water ... my understanding is that it is commonly caused by things like lemonade , hot chocolate & cider gumming up/blocking the needle . To try and prevent this I remove the k-cup after I make a cup of cider and run plain water into an empty cup & dump it . Coffee grounds can also get stuck but I have heard Keurig has great customer service & it is easy to get that unit replaced . AND you can use the Keurig reusable until and that should prevent that issue because it does not have a needle!PRO ` sIt is very simple to use and I LOVE the 5 size options on this unit ! My coffee is hot , it is quick & my unit came with the newer 72oz water tank which has been awesome . I love that I can get my Starbucks travel mugs under the unit as well . It is also nice that you can get tea cups for it as well as hot chocolate & cider . I love the single serve aspect because you do n't have your coffee sitting on a burner to burn . It is also a very beautiful machine and the LED lighting is a nice added touch unlike the units I have had in the past that I want to hide in the cupboard . The manual , though not huge , covered all the basics & has pictures . The Digital display screen is nice , it has a clock and allows you to set the machine to turn on & off at certian times of day as well as set it to remember your favorite cup size or adjust the brew temp by about 10 degrees.My almost 8yr old can also use it on his own -LRB- only because he knows NOT to drink it right away , it is extremely hot at about 191 degrees when it is made -RRB- CON ` sI personally would not pay full price , partially because I am cheap & like to sale shop . That being said the unit is also rather large & you have to buy additional accessories in order to use other coffee . The K-cups , while cheaper then coffee shop coffee are pretty pricey as well . It is also a rather inconvenient that to use the Keurig brand reusable filter you have to swap out the k-cup unit . You can get other reusable cups though that go right into the dispenser.That being said those are all pretty minor for me , the biggest con is that you ca n't adjust the strength of your coffee ! A full k-cup -LRB- or filled reusable cup -RRB- holds enough coffee to make a 6oz-8oz cup depending how you like it ... so you can make it weaker by using the 10 or 12oz option ... but making the 4oz does n't make it any stronger . I did consider the vue model for this reason , but honestly it does n't seem to have great reviews about that particular feature so I saved myself some money . For me this was not a deal breaker as I do n't like strong coffee , but from a review aspect it is something I felt I needed to mention.The Bottom Line
 This is my second Keurig.After almost 3 years I had to replace the first.Amazon was the best value including even with the discount from Keurig.I order a warranty from SquareTradeWarranty.com for almost all of my appliances and electronics.My one year warranty for the first Keurig was over from Keurig but , because I still had a warranty on it , I got back the complete purchase price , allowing me to buy another just before my 3 years had expired , without extra cost.And , I would have gotten another Keurig anyway . I love the convenience and once you find a coffee to your taste , you will be VERY happy .
 In addition to the water filter that is built into my refridgerator , there is also an inline filter on the water supply that runs to the refridgerator . Maybe that is why I 've not have any problems with my Keurig that I bought at Costco a long time ago .
 LOVE IT ! So convenient . Heats quickly , and no longer will I waste a pot of coffee , or drink stale coffee again . Perfect for someone who drinks only 1-2 cups of coffee a day and likes variety in flavors !
 Works great , and is ingenious . However , it has the priming issue like all of the other ones . Which makes it lose one star on my review . Keurig needs to fix this widespread problem !
 Very easy to use and a variety of cups available allows a cup for most coffee drinkers . The large water supply means less refilling and the variety of cup sizes for brewing gives even more flexibilty for coffee strength . The large opening for coffee mugs allows even my giant travel mug room for use . Highly recommended .
 After searching reviews and ratings on one cup coffee makers I could not decide on which to buy . I looked for weeks on end . I read every review out there and I still could n't decide on which one to buy . I finally decided on the Keurig B70 and what a great choice that was . It is just a awesome machine . Not only does it look great it makes a great cup of coffee . I was always a Folger 's coffee drinker , until the Keurig , I have not had gourmet coffee . Well needless to say I am hooked and there is no comparison to a good cup of gourmet coffee . The taste is smoother and richer with no after taste . The Keurig B70 makes a cup of coffee in seconds with no mess or clean up . I love my Keurig and I am glad I made the choice to buy it with over 200 different kinds of coffee to buy how can you go wrong .
 We looked for a long time and were going to get the Tassimo . Then a friend suggested this and it works really well . The size is good for keeping on the counter -- others take up too much room . Maybe the only drawback is the water tank needs to be filled frequently because we drink so many mugs of coffee . The mountain green coffee is a good blend , too .
 Being the only coffee drinker in my household , I grew tired of spending 5-10 minutes each day cleaning and prepping traditional coffee makers to brew a pot for 1-2 cups of coffee . Through my life I 've owned many different traditional carafe coffee makers , theHamilton Beach 47454 BrewStation Deluxe 12-Cup Coffeemaker , and theCuisinart DGB-900BC Grind & Brew Thermal 12-Cup Automatic Coffeemaker , Brushed Stainless/Black . Finally , I started researching a more convenient solution and decided on the Keurig B70.I have owned it for about a year , and I absolutely love it ! I have mine set to turn on at the same time every morning , and when I wake up , it 's as simple as placing my K-cup in the holder , putting my mug under the spout , and pressing a button . I get a great quality cup of coffee in seconds ! There is essentially no maintenance with this machine
 Length :
 I purchased the B70 first time around in August this year , unfortunatly it was defective on arriving . I was able to get a feel for it though as it did try to go through the motions , it was extremly loud and vibrated all over the counter . Amazon was great about the return process and gave me a full refund . I almost gave up on the B70 , but I saw a review that said a new B70 was coming out anytime . Well , I just got mine in , and I can say it is SO much quieter than the first model . No vibrations and hardly any sound . It also has an Iced brew mode which I have n't tried yet . So as long as the model you buy has the Iced brew mode , then expect one quiet machine !
 Expensive to buy the coffee , but we love this product . The coffee is good , easy to make , no waste , no clean-up . My wife and I both love it .
 I bought this coffee machine after a two month adventure with a fully automatic espresso system that never worked -LRB- but that 's a whole other story ! -RRB- The Keurig is just a fantastic machine - it looks great and feels solidly constructed . It has all the functions you could possibly ever want in a coffee machine -LRB- i.e. Auto Power On , Auto Power Off etc ! -RRB- The most important thing , of course , is what the coffee tastes like . There 's obviously a vast selection of varieties out there and I 've sampled a few of them and I 'm pretty impressed - compared with other single cup coffee machines I 've tried , the Keurig tastes easily the best.Am now off to persuade our office manager to replace our office Flavia machine with a Keurig !
 I first fell in love with Keurig 's K-Cup system when I was teaching classes in Chicago and Boston earlier this year . Both training facilities had the Keurig commercial systems in the break rooms , and I was astounded and pleased to find that the machines dispensed perfect coffee and tea time after time.I finally HAD to get one for the home . I brew up a pot of coffee using a trad coffeemaker every day , but my wife usually takes more than half of it with her to work , leaving me with one or two cups of tepid and rather sour coffee . Well , now once I 'm done with that sludge , I grab a K-cup of one of my favorite blends , drop a mug beneath the outlet , and push the button to get my coffee fix in less than a minute.My spouse has become a huge fan of the Keurig B-70 , and I fear that both of us will eventually end up with our own Keurigs , one in my office , the other next to her computer . In a nutshell , if you 're a fan of good coffee and want to brew it quickly and conveniently , the Keurig B-70 is a wonderful product to consider .
 Once you get over paying $ 150 - $ 200 for the coffee maker , you then need to wrestle with the cost of K-cups , which can range from 35 to 50 each . With that said , you can expect a same fresh brewed , consistently favorful cup of coffee each and every time . I 've tried the Kona blend , Lake and Lodge , Breakfast blend , French Roast , Dark roast , and the hot chocolate . I ca n't say that I 've been disappointed with any of those choices . The best part of owning a Keurig coffee maker is the first cup of coffee in the morning . It takes about 30 seconds to brew a cup , during which you get to enjoy the wonderful smell of fresh brewed coffee . This is certainly a luxury . But if you enjoy a fine cup of coffee and do n't mind the cost , go ahead and indulge ! You wo n't be sorry !
 I love this machine . I originally had the `` Special Edition '' model -LRB- $ 150 -RRB- then bought the $ 180 Platinum model . I like the Platinum much more . I 've had this model for a month and so far it works great .
 Easy to get hooked on the Keurig system -- except for the occasional blowouts that fill your cup with coffee grounds .
 Santa gave it to us for Christmas !!! Love it !!! My husband and I use it daily . Before , we always went out for our coffee ! It smells so good brewing in the morning and the options for drinks is wonderful ! Would highly recommend to anyone who likes hot chocolate , cider , or tea ... it is so easy to use !!!
 The machine failed after over a year of great coffee daily . Got ta hand it to them though ... they sent out another machine as soon as i called , even though it was out of warranty ... . WHAT A COMPANY !!! to stand behind their product like that !!! no questions asked!good for you keurig ! we could only wish more companies had your candor and integrity !!!!
 we vacationed at a house that had one of these machines and we loved it so much we bought one as soon as we got back ! the features are awesome and not hard to figure out . The variety is outstanding ! coffee in the morning , hot tea all day ... would I recommend this machine ... with out a doubt ! If you dont have one ... get one !
 My wife 's hobby has become coffee ! We had a smaller model Keurig , which literally wore out from use . This machine was a definite step up , and in the right direction . It has many useful features that make the experience more enjoyable . Having the water tank and preheater speeds up thre process . We love the ability to chakge cup size and brerw strength .
 I wanted this for a long time , but put it off because of the mixed reviews on durability and my previous experience with a Cuisinart that died within 30 days . But 7 months ago , I finally pulled the trigger and bought it . My rationale
 We love our new Keurig B-70 Brewing System . Previously we had the model that required inserting water with each use . This new model holds several cups of water and we find we use it much more often . We received the Keurig on time and in perfect condition . The reviews always help with our decisions ; 1-click makes the purchase very quick and easy ; Prime gives us free shipping and Amazon always stands behind their products .
 Purchased the Platinum model ... and want to thank the person who wrote the review mentioning that at altitude one needs to release the pressure in the K-cups before placing in the machine . Our first machine failed after nine days . Did more research and replaced it . Discovered that the `` blow back '' from the K-cups can clog the hot water feed -LRB- at least this is my diagnosis -RRB- . I remember going from our town with high school athletes down to play at sea level . The kids BB balls , Volley Balls , etc would deflate . If we left them alone , they would re-inflate upon our return . If you live at any elevation -LRB- we are at 3,500 feet -RRB- , I would recommend pushing a small hole in the center of the K-cup before brewing . It makes a great cup of coffee !
 I first was interested in a Keurig when another mom at cotilion was raving about hers . I thought , she 's crazy . But she was so enthusiastic about it that later I started thinking of how I have to wash my drip coffee maker 's filter cone and carafe every day and how it 's a waste of water . Also , I hated to measure out the grind & water so it 's never precise . I thought about the concept of a Keurig -- basically measured pressurized hot water blasting through the K-Cup and dripping down into the mug . I would n't have to measure out my coffee & water and , best of all , I would n't have to wash the filter basket and carafe -- just my mug . Plus , I can use my own coffee grind with the K-Cup adapter which was what sold my husband.Everything I contemplated was true -- except -- I use my own coffee grind for normal weekdays , and NOT in the included K-Cup adapter -LRB- The ground was just too messy to clean up from the tiny K-Cup filter . I did n't like the grinds going into the drain when I rinsed the filter . -RRB- . I basically use the Keurig as a pre-measured hot water dispenser . I use my own manual coffee cone with an unbleached # 2 paper cone filter , put in a scoop of grind , and put both the cone and mug under the Keurig to get a great cup of coffee . Plus , I use the premeasured water for tea bags , green tea powder , and decaf coffee . One warning , you have to refill the water chamber every other day or so if you drink 2-3 cups of hot beverage like I do . No big deal . Do n't know if it can be plumbed.On Sunday mornings , I use a coffee K-Cup -LRB- Newman 's Bold -RRB- at the maximum setting -LRB- 11 or 13 oz ? -RRB- and drip it into a travel mug to take to church . Also very quick to do on rushed mornings . Usually , I am the only coffee drinker at home , now my husband is enjoying a special treat now & then . When I had a Christmas party , everyone was oohing and aawing at the Keurig -- even the couple with a much fancier Dutch coffee maker.Some special hints : -- Use only filtered water . We have a reverse osmosis system and a water softener so I have never had any problems with clogging . -- If possible , use a smaller No. 2 size coffee cone -LRB- see Melitta link below -RRB- ; it 'll fit better under the Keurig 's water stream . Unbleached paper filter cones are better than chemically bleached ones . The paper filter also helps to absorb the acid from the coffee . The new Melitta cones have an opening to add cream while brewing . You can also get porcelain cones but it 's heavier and prone to breakage from frequent use -LRB- hitting against sink , falling , etc -RRB- . -- The kids love the apple cider K-Cups . It 's expensive -LRB- ca n't buy in bulk -RRB- but it 's worth it . The reason I use my own grind is that the lowest price I can get my coffee K-Cups for is $ 0.33 each at Costco . To me that 's still more than what I want to spend . I know , I 'm cheap . Or rather , I prefer to save money where I can and spend where I should . -- Save your coffee grinds from the paper cones and the K-Cups . When the grinds are dry , I scrap them out and use in the garden as fertilizer or dirt . Dump the grounds into the yard as often as you can , even if slightly damp they can get moldy in a container . -- Pour in your Half & Half while the coffee is still dripping so you do n't have to stir or wash a spoon -LRB- & waste water -RRB- . -- Grind your coffee bean at the finest setting at Costco or Trader Joe to get the most flavor out of it , if you 're using a paper filter . -- Check the measurements of the machine to see if it will fit in your selected spot . It is quite tall and deep for a coffee maker.I feel that the Keurig simplified my life a little and was a good buy.Melitta U S A Inc 640007 Perfect Brew Filter Cone
 About a year ago we purchased a Keurig Platinum Coffee maker for our home . We used it daily , and last month it stopped working properly.The problem seemed to be with the controls , and I suspected the computer chip was malfunctioning . This occurred on Saturday night , but I still felt compelled to call the number molded into the bottom of the unit immediately to see if there was anything I could do to fix the problem.I was surprised when my call was immediately answered and woman to whom I spoke seemed genuinely concerned with trying to solve the problem.She requested information , model and serial number , purchase date and store , and a brief description of the trouble I was encountering . After a brief pause while she conferred with someone -LRB- s -RRB- else , she returned to the line , gave me a return authorization number , and requested that I return the removable cup holder portion of the unit . When I asked her if I needed to send the entire coffee maker back to Keurig , she said no , only the brew cup part , but I would be responsible for the return postage -LRB- $ 5.00 -RRB- . She said that she would immediately have a new -LRB- updated and improved -RRB- Keurig Platinum coffee maker shipped to me and that it should arrive -LRB- UPS -RRB- within four days . It did . We have been using the new one now for 2 months with no problems . My wife is buying a compact model Keurig for her office.Way to go Keurig !!!
 I 've been skeptical of all single-cup brewers -LRB- as I am an admitted coffee snob -RRB- , and had resisted even trying them until recently . A friend had the Tassimo system at home , and I found my trials with his machine acceptable , but not remarkable . It was n't until I had opportunity to try a commercial version of the K-Cup system at a business recently and was impressed with the coffee it produced , as well as the variety of coffee options . However , I was still skeptical that a home version of this same system could produce the same quality level , but I was willing to give it a try . So , we ordered the B-70 based on its ' feature set and larger reservoir size.We 're a month into the trial , and this brewer is NOT going back . This machine rocks and has quickly become our favorite appliance . The coffee is great and above all , consistent . We love the flexibility of the brew volume , the huge variety of available coffees and teas , and the fact that it is brew-ready whenever we want it -LRB- = fresher coffee -RRB- . The brew flexibility is probably our favorite aspect in that I like a bold cup , and prefer a double of the Extra Bold cups with a 5.25 oz brew volume , whereas my wife prefers the standard cups -LRB- often flavored -RRB- at a 7.25 oz volume , or Extra Bold at 9.25 oz -LRB- the 11.25 oz is too thin for our liking -RRB- . Guests love the novelty to select from our variety of coffees and teas , and we have n't found the brew time to be an issue at all.Other benefits we 've discovered along the way include that we 're making fewer stops to our favorite local coffee shops -LRB- and saving money as a result -RRB- ; the whole process is so much cleaner than traditional methods of brewing -LRB- particularly as one who had ground his own beans -RRB- ; and that it really is a good idea to set the auto-off timer so that we are n't tempted to brew a cup of caffeine in the late afternoon/evening . I did acquire a `` My K-Cup '' system in case I wanted to use my own coffee , but have yet to use it as we 've been too busy exploring the available K-Cups . Bottom line - the initial outlay is not low , but the overall cost to us has been less , and we are very satisfied with the coffee and convenience . We recognize it 's not for everyone , but if you 're so inclined , we believe the Keurig and its ' wide variety of available K-Cups is the best of the single-cup brewers . Good luck !
 Length :
 Ok ... I was not only skeptical but infuriated when I discovered we added yet ANOTHER coffee maker to our `` coffee altar . '' You know what I mean - an entire buffet table dedicated to coffees , flavorings , creamers , and an espresso maker , Senseo -LRB- tm -RRB- pod-coffee maker , and 12-cup Thermos -LRB- tm -RRB- coffee maker . We pray to this altar religiously . < grin > So , when this coffee maker arrived I was to say the least , dubious.I am completely changed ... and not just because I 've been juiced on caffeine for a week trying all the coffees ! -LRB- Wonder if there 's a 28-day program ... -RRB- If you are NOT new to Keurig makers , skip this paragraph
 We had been enjoying the whole experience of the Keurig B50 , when I got the email and blogsite updates over the past few months that Keurig was promoting a new and improved single-cup brewer . I confess - I coveted this new machine in a big way . So when we were the recipients of a bright shiny new B70 last week on our front stoop , it was very much like Christmas for me . My wife just smiled , and the kids gave out a sincere , `` Whoa , that 's cool ! '' at our new kitchen friend.Everything that we liked about the B50 is there for the B70 - with the addition of larger cup sizes and the overall look and feel . The coffee just tastes good , first and foremost . I 've tasted cups from other single-serve brewers , and most of them have been barely more appetizing than generic vending machine drop-the-cup coffee . From my first experience with the Keurig machines , however , I was amazed how good the brew tasted . The home brewers make a great cup of coffee without having to waste a pot , or lose the coffee all over the counter when the previous machine 's brew basket got finicky . The additional My K-cup attachments allow for grinding our own beans , too - so as a coffee snob , I 'm hooked.The Platinum B70 adds selection for cup size - right now , I think our best default size is 9.25 oz , filling out most travel mugs and our normal in-house mugs well without getting watery on the k-cups we 've tried so far . And it has a larger reservoir for water , meaning we can get more coffee for fewer refills in the kitchen sink . All of these things would be enough , right?But wow , it is just so cool looking . The blue LED lights that make the water glow on the left , and the blue LCD screen on the right that shows the clock , menu , cup selection , and the chrome fixtures - even the spring-loaded holder in the front top of the brewer - all of that combines to make it more than just a good coffee , taking us into the realm of a really cool experience . The kids oooo and aaahhh every time they walk into the evening kitchen , seeing Daddy 's glowing blue coffee brewer , just wanting to marvel in its glow ... . okay , that 's a little too melodramatic , but only slightly.If you like coffee and spend more than $ 10 per day , or throw away more than a third of a pot of coffee each morning , or if you enjoy coffee but avoid making it at night because for just one cup that whole pot will go to waste - I think you owe it to yourself to try this brewer out . Not just in the store , but blue and glowing in your own kitchen . Trust me - `` Merry Christmas '' is a great feeling .
 Final and last update....8-16-2012Packed it up and put it in the attic . The `` backflow/blockage '' problem finally caused and almost total failure unrecoverable by tapping , banging , cussing , praying or flushing/de-scaling . I have gone to a french press . 3.5 minutes to heat water , 4.5 minutes to steep in the press and WHAT A CUP OF JOE . You will NEVER drink another K cup after getting a french press . The natural creamy smoothness and flavor explosion is beyond belief . No more to clean up than with the K cup . It takes 10 minutes to learn how to make a superb cup of coffee . I had to call my brother and admit he was right about the french press . Nothing can describe my love for a press more than that . ALL of this for about 10 % of the cost of K cups and coffee than is 10X better.Spend $ 25 on a French Press -LRB- Bodum Brazil or so -RRB- Go to Youtube to see how to use it . And start drinking REAL coffee.UPDATED -- 12-5-2011 ... Well , yet another flaw with the check valves . There are several valves that are designed to allow filling and dispensing.FOR THOSE PEOPLE GETTING LESS THAN A FULL CUP ... Another check value has started to fail . You can knock 3 times , but this one does n't always listen . Notice that the reservoir has an over-flow valve -LRB- white plastic 90 degree angle -RRB- that dumps water back into the tank . The check valve for this line mal-functions and the water is not sent to the cup but back to the tank , thusly robbing you of your correct amount of coffee . Mine has stated acting up and only `` corrects '' about half the time I knock . You can always just run another cup and set it for a smaller cup . But then again what are we paying for ... Still a great idea and man the coffee tastes great . -LRB- Newman 's Extra Bold -RRB- *** As a side note the Coffee Maker seems to enjoy daily use and anything less causes issues -LRB- but solved by daily use ... -RRB- and make sure you use filtered water -LRB- especially for calcium -RRB- . Original review ... I love the whole concept and product.Read the other reviews on the machine for the important stuff about coffee.Here is how to fix the only problem that stops a `` 5 Stars '' rating.The Dreaded `` Not Ready '' ... I have taken the beast apart and watched it successfully cycle and fail to cycle.Warning !!! -LRB- DO NOT TRY DIS-ASSEMBLY IT UNLESS YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND RECOGNIZE THE COMPONENTS , You could electrocute yourself and suffer nasty permanent scaring ... ouchie ! -RRB- I discovered the same as another person claimed a `` check value '' and/or air leak/lockup . The pump cycles , but ca n't get water so the machine shuts down to prevent over-heating . -LRB- The dreaded `` Not Ready '' -RRB- . Solution ... 1 . Turn off the machine and unplug until it is completely cooled , say 4 hours . -LRB- Allows for temperature equalization of the water chamber and the water supply -RRB- 2 . Completely fill the water reservoir . -LRB- The extra water just helps the pump break the air lock -RRB- .3 . Turn the machine on and wait for the pump to start drawing water .4 . Immediately knock 1-3 times on top of the water reservoir/machine -LRB- at the very top of the machine -RRB- about as hard as would knocking on a door . -LRB- Watch the water level , it should immediately start to drop -RRB- The pitch of the pump should change when the water begins to be drawn into the heating chamber . -LRB- you can also hear the water flowing -RRB- The problem is caused by air entering the water supply system . This air provides a `` lock '' on the system that the pump ca n't overcome . This can happen due to a number of issues but most issues should be this easy fix.The machine refills itself 3 times . At Power-on , at beginning of the brew cycle and after the brew cycle.Watch the machine and any time the pump cycles make sure it draws in water until it shuts down , if it does n't draw water `` Knock 3 times '' to break the air lock . -LRB- you will get really good at this over a period on months like me and only need to knock once !! -RRB- Sometimes I am lucky and go weeks without having to give it an `` adjustment '' . Ummmm , good coffee .
 I recently purchased the Keurig B-70 Gourmet Single Cup Home Brewing System . The best `` toy '' I purchased in a long time ! It really is n't a toy , however , I now remember the feeling of a child on Christmas morning . Getting up in the morning and chosing the size and blend or flavor of my coffee -- and it is not burnt because hubby made it an hour before -- priceless.I did my homework reading reviews and examining the coffee pod varieties on Home Brewing systems for over a year and I am pleased that I waited for this new model to come out . My husband and I have completely enjoyed this brewing system since receiving it a few weeks ago . You get a delicious hot cup of coffee in 45 seconds or less and the convenience of chosing your favoite blend or flavor . If you shop appropriately for coffee pod bargains you can spend as low as .30 per cup -- now that is a bargain compared to the favorite coffee shops!I can not compare with the other Keurig models , however , I can say that I am thrilled that the B-70 offers the travel mug brew size , as that is the size of my favorite mug at home and I use the `` bold '' coffee pods for that size cup of coffee . The varieties of coffee available is excellent -- the downside , almost floating because we have been trying all the blends and flavors ! And do n't forget to try the `` My K-cup '' filter for all of your other favorite coffees .
 All I can say is this by far is the best coffee maker I have ever owned . Makes great coffee and its always hot , takes less than 30 seconds once its warmed up . The automatic settings to shut the unit off after an hour of idle time -LRB- or more -RRB- is a great feature . K-cups are convenient , and not too expensive if you sign up for the auto ship with Amazon . Watch for sales and pick this unit up if your a serious coffee drinker .
 This system is fantastic . It looks great and is very easy to use . Makes awesome coffee 's and tea 's . Simple , fast , and most enjoyable . And if you order the small filter baskets you can put ground coffee in it for a cup of java on those months you do n't want to spend the extra for the T-disc .
 I like this product a lot . I wish its &#34; k-cuips &#34; cost a little less , but the coffee comes out great . Lots of great reviews before led me to this product . I appreciate the personal &#34; K-Cup &#34; were I can use my own coffee !! : - -RRB-
 I 've had the Keurig B70 for about 8 months now , and love it . It easily accommodates my 32 oz travel mug -LRB- when the removable base is set aside -RRB- and I love the fact that I can brew my own ground blend -LRB- or favorites -RRB- ! This Brewing Machine comes with everything you need and is a real time saver . When you get one , look at BJ 's Wholesale for the 80-pack coffees to stretch your costs -LRB- Example
 I choose five stars because my keurig machine is awesome . It brews so fast and is extremely convenient for my on the good life style.Plus you can use any brand or flavor k cups in it.You would not be able to tell a difference in the coffee even if you brewed it yourself . It 's definitely worth the price if your looking for a easy , fast , convenient machine .
 The USPO has just delivered my Keruig B70 Platinum Brewing System . I ordered one through Amazon after spending a week with my daughter and her family . I was hooked on the Keruig immediately and could n't wait for the perfect excuse to order one ... well , duh ... Merry Christmas wifeeee . I could n't even wait for her to come home . Hooked it up ... simple instructions ... made my a cup of caramel vanilla and am in coffee heaven . It is changing the way coffee has been made for centuries and I ca n't wait to try ALL the new flavors ... Davo
 I love it . My son and I are coffee drinkers . We wasted coffee with the other coffee makers . But now we just put the coffee in per cup and have nice hot coffee for one .
 I purchased this brewer for my husband as our old Keurig finally bit the dust after faithfully brewing several cups of coffee per day for the last 12 years . I hope this one lasts just as long , as we would be lost without it !
 I love this coffee maker ! My biggest issue is how long it takes to warm up -LRB- ~ 4 minutes -RRB- , it is very nice to be able to set the on / off time as a remedy for that though .
 The price was perfect and the Keurig was in perfect condition ! My husband loves this coffee maker and uses it for everything from coffee , to tea , to even hot chocolate ! No more burned or wasted coffee .
 We ordered this new Keurig single cup coffee maker to replace an older model that we had that made enough noise to wake up our neighbors . This model is very quiet , and makes a great cup of coffee . So glad that Keurig figured out how to improve on the original single cup coffee maker ! It arrived right on time and in perfect condition .
 This is a great coffee maker . You only use what you make , we love it .
 I had the defective one from store and I called and customer support was great they sent me one out in a week , and it does not have the problem where it shuts off . I am returning the one I have for full refund so this thing is great ! and its free!update 3-29-12 I loved the replacement -LRB- especially since it was free ! -RRB- and I had 1 issue where I called support and a guy explained that sometimes you simply need to brew 3 regular cups in a row and that resets the pump if there are any issues.Sure enough that worked and I told them I would not mind if that does not happen alot .2 years went by and I think I had to do that one more time -LRB- not a big deal just select the default middle cup 3 times -RRB- so I really loved this thing .2 days ago it showed descale on the screen so I figured I had to clean it -LRB- I never did before -RRB- but when I tried to follow directions it was not working . I called support and they were again GREAT and they are sending me a new one - AGAIN!How do they stay in business?I keep an old mr coffee in storage for the in laws and will use that til my new one arrives.It really is worth it !
 I like the coffee maker . It makes me a quick cup and leaves no mess . Simple and easy . Many flavors to try and so far most have been excellent . I tried the ice tea setting and was disappointed . The iced tea was flavorless and for some reason hardly filled a glass . Coffee settings worked fine . I might try it on the travel mug setting next time . Otherwise , will go back to making sun tea .
 Absolutley love our new Keurig single cup brewing system ! Our first single cup brewer was a Krupps , which we loved but decided to replace with the Keurig . Did n't know what we were missing - HOT brewed cup and delicious selection of K-cups . Coffee selection very limited with Krupps brewer .
 This is the perfect coffee pot for the busy wife at home ! I stay home and often do n't get my coffee drank without having to microwave it later or throw out the whole pot after a few hours of sitting , I also love having an afternoon pick-me-up . The fact that you do n't have to buy the k-kups and can get a reuseable filter is a HUGE plus ! LOVE LOVE LOVE it !
 Gave this to my wife for Christmas and everyone in the house loves it ! its fast , neat , clean and stylish . friends have bought it just because of how much we love it . we make tea , coffee and hot chocolate and flavors do n't overlap even when using the filter accessory . So buy one and see how everyone in your house will fight over whose making the coffee !! Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing System
 I have nothing negative to say about my Keurig B70 . We love it ! It has changed how we drink coffee in our home . Do n't waste your time or money on the smaller version - go for the big water tank and multi cup settings . You wo n't regret it .
 We have had this for about a year now , and we absolutely love it ! The K-cups are wonderful and so many to choose from , I love flavored coffee but my husband likes strong coffee so I get my K-cups flavored and his I always get extra bold so that he gets his strong coffee ! We make mochas every morning , I mix cocoa powder -LRB- Ghiradelli brand -RRB- and milk together and whisk it on the stove top till it 's nice and creamy then put a little in each coffee cup then pick a K-cup and fill our cups -LRB- 16 oz cups -RRB- then we add flavored coffee syrups and stir then for the final touch we put some Reddi Whip on top and drizzle chocolate sauce on top , all this takes about 5-10 mins every morning but so worth it , it saves on money because we make our mochas from home and it 's so yummy , our friends say we should start our own home based coffee cafe ... LOL!We had one minor problem w / it , we used to set the automatic on and off but now this feature has stopped working , so I usually just leave it on or if I remember I shut it off at night then turn it back on in the morning , I do n't know why that feature quit but at least it still brews and keeps the water hot!I highly recommend the water tank filters and you MUST clean it out with vinegar often we do it almost every month , we never wait till it tells us to we just do it , if you have hard water run vinegar through it more than once a month , I think that makes a HUGE difference on the performance and how long the machine last !
 I am not a coffee drinker but my son is so I bought this for him . He loves it and uses it daily . I like it because it is so simple to use that I can make a good cup of coffee for a guest without asking them to do it themselves .
 This is our 2nd Keurig , we gave our first one to our daughter who also loved it and we bought a new one when we moved to the south . It makes the best coffee in a quick and easy way with minimal clean up !
 Easy to use makes a great cup of coffee quickAnd no mess to clean up
 My first experience with the Keurig Brewer was in an office that I worked in ... and I immediately fell in love with it !!! I am a heavy coffee drinker , and running out all of the time can get expensive if you do not want coffee that has been sitting around all day and stale by the time you get to it . An added plus is the great assortment of coffee and teas you have to select from with the K-Cups -- because we all know that everyone likes something different . I love the fact that I can find organic Newman 's coffee and green teas -- which are healthier options.My biggest concern was that the home version of this brewer would not be as sturdy and dependable as our office model -- but after receiving it as a Christmas gift from my husband , my worries quickly disappeared . I have had my Keurig for almost a year now , and have had absolutely no problems ... and I use it several times each day . It is also great for company , because the variety and convenience lets you brew a quick , great tasting cup of coffee in less than a minute , and each person can pick what they like . They all love that ! And believe me , it saves time.My kids also love the hot chocolate and cold tea varieties available . I have found myself hiding my cups so they do not finish them too quickly -- really , we all enjoy it.The operation is simple and convenient , it always makes great tasting coffee , it has been sturdy and dependable , it allows me to try something different each time I brew a cup , and it is simply fun to use . I would definitely recommend this product -- I do n't think I could ever go back to using a traditional coffee maker after owning a Keurig !! Worth the money : -RRB-
 This Keurig product is very classy looking and works great ! I really like the various options for cup size - which is one of the reason that I purchased this product . These cup size options are great not only for hot coffee/tea , but iced coffee and teas .
 This machine just about revolutionizes coffee preparation . Yes , plug it in and leave it on , and leave it alone ! There are so many K-cups available now just about anywhere you shop so coffee variety is no problem . Amazon also has about a skillion brands so fear not - you will always be able to find coffee . Keurig suggests you leave the machine plugged in -LRB- as in `` leave it on '' -RRB- because like most electromechanical devices - the electronics are reliable but the switch is essentially a mechanical device which will likely fail sooner or later - rendering the machine useless and destined for a landfill somewhere . Why fiddle with something so remarkablly revolutionary , like turning it on and off ? This machine is like the Apple products which just came on the market - they are revolutionary , and after using them , you wonder how you got along without them ! If you are a true coffee drinker , this is the machine to have . Buy one !
 We stopped brewing our own coffee when I became pregnant . Husband would buy it and I was off it completely . After our baby was born I wanted to start drinking decaf -LRB- due to nursing -RRB- but did n't want to brew a whole pot for myself . In comes the Keurig . Husband was hesitant at first . Thought it was `` gimmicky '' . Well , we have had it about 3 months now and both absolutely love it ! There are so many coffee and tea choices ! It is fun to try them all -LRB- I recommend sampler packs -RRB- . We use this both morning and night . The iced feature is great too ! We love both iced tea and iced coffee in the summer . It is also handy for heating a cup of water quickly for things like instant soups and oatmeal or regular tea bags.We highly recommend this product !
 Great coffeemaker ! I returned the one I bought here as I found it locally at a better price and no shipping charges !
 We have had our Keurig Platinum since Christmas . Our first one was a dud , but once we had a working version - we have loved it . Single cup coffee within a minute , what more can you ask for?Coffee People , Donut Shop K-Cups for Keurig Brewers -LRB- Pack of 50 -RRB- -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- We love the K-Cups as well . Thru Amazon , you can not beat the price . SO MUCH cheaper than Starbucks.This is well worth the investment .
 This brewing system is the best bang for your buck . I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a single serve brewing system . Perfect for anyone who lives an active , on the go lifestyle . Quick and easy .
 I bought this as a gift for my wife . She absolutely loves this brewing system . Would recommend for anyone who loves coffee .
 My family was so excited and happy when they opened their Christmas gift . They used it Christmas morning and it worked great .
 I 've had this machine for 5 months.I really love this machine . Makes great coffee and I love the different cup size options . My one issue is that if the add water icon on the little screen has been flashing for a while till I fill it , when I do fill it the screen goes blank and wo n't allow me to do anything . Turning the machine off does n't work in fixing the issue . The only way to get it to work is unplugging the machine and replugging and switching it on . Annoying . Aside from this , I do believe it is a great product and I would definitely recommend it .
 When I got pregnant with my second child I could n't have caffeine we were wasting so much coffee in our regular pot making regular and decaf pot fulls . We were n't able to figure out the right ratio to make smaller pots . Costco had a great sale on the Keurig machine so we got it . From the moment we set it up we were super impressed with it . The only down side is the largest cup does n't fill out cups -LRB- we have large cups -RRB- and the coffee is a bit expensive but overall I 'd give it 41/2 stars .
 We 've been thinking about getting one of these for a while now , but our old trusty Bunn Coffee maker just would n't die . Finally , the Bunn started leaking water and we decided to give this a try . We still drink coffee , but are starting to branch out into other drinks also . Really kinda glad the Bunn finally died , cause this thing is amazing!Very easy to use and the variety of different coffee 's and other drinks seems endless . Might be the hardest part of the whole thing just trying to figure out which K-Cups we like the best.We have the timer set to come on in the morning and shut off at night . It is so cool to just quick-brew a cup of coffee , tea , hot chocolate , or whatever , whenever you 're in the mood.We got the New Water Filter with ours and it 's a nice feature.Can ' t speak to longevity , but so far , we 're lovin the Keurig !
 A very Good purchase . My Wife and I love the fresh cup of coffee each time we get a cup . Would buy again .
 Fufu gift , shipped as advertized , recived one day earler that advertized . The Brewer works great , thier are lots of different flavors of coffee , tea , hot chocolet drinks you can enjoy -LRB- try -RRB- . The biggest brawback is the cost of single serving is any were from 33 cents to 1.15 dollars . Little more costly than a pot of Foldgers . The wife loves it , she thinks shes has her own coffee shop ...
 This product is the best invention since sliced bread . It brews anything in less than a minute . It brews cocoa from the store , just put the mix in the cup and select to use water only . It has aftermarket brew cups so you can use your own brand of coffee if you wish . It is also very sleek and stylish with it 's backlit blue light . I can not say enough good things about this product . It is pricey but worth it .
 I bought this for my son and he loves it !! The freshest cup of coffee you could ask for !!! Many flavors to chose from and just awesome !!
 5-star , superior replacement for my Braun Tassimo , a dinosaur compared to the Keurig B-70 Platinum . Far more quiet brewing comparitively , wonderful adjustable brew temp and cup size features , easy out-of-the-box set up and best price anywhere with lighning-fast shipping by this seller , even with Amazon 's free supersaver shipping option ! Included a box of various k-cups - the best bold coffee is Emeril 's Big Bold , very smooth , robust and velvety finish with no hint of a `` burned earthy '' taste . Best single-serve coffee maker on the market by far ! Can purchase an optional k-cup type filter so you can use your own coffee as well which is such a terrific , eco-friendly feature !
 This product is better than great for me . I get a choices of many size cups and no wasted coffee I would recommend this product to anyone .
 I can not say enough about this wonderful coffee maker . It is like having your own specialty coffee shop . It is so easy to use and affordable , because you bought the right maker the first time . There are many different brands of coffee to use in this maker , but the Keurig club is so great to be in.It is for sure a sassy set up . You can buy some of the other makers , but all of the cup sizes -LRB- 5 -RRB- on this one have been so handy . Its strange , how often you use them . I LOVE IT ! Go ahead ... give yourself a fantastic item to enjoy , and look forward to using .
 I bought the B70 a few weeks ago and having a great time with it . I put it on in the morning and whenever I want a cupper I can make it in less than a minute . I got some k-cups on sale so I am set for a while . I often use it just for the hot water and use tea or herbal bags which work great . I love it and hope that I do n't have any problems in the future .
 My husband is so happy with this machine , he is a coffee drinker , loves his cup of `` Joe '' . He is happy like a kid with a new toy . My daugther is loving it tremendously as well . Sure cuts down on the waste of coffee that we throw away for over brewing . Who wants a burnt cup of coffee ? Mud , not not not . With this brewing system you brew as you want to drink that fresh cup of coffee at a moments notice . Pricy but , I hope in time that K-cups come down in pricing . I have to back off from ordering or I will go broke trying to keep these once and only onetime use k - cups in the kitchen . I want my husband happy at his coffee breaks . Thank you for making it possible .
 although this unit is a bit pricy , it is much quieter than the B40 , and it also stores more water . The ability to use a reuseable filter is great for those who grind their own coffee blend .
 I recently moved from working in an office to working at home . One of the biggest challenges with this transition was my morning coffee fix . Usually , I would make one or two pots of coffee and the whole office would drink it all . Once I started working by myself , I found that I would make a pot of coffee and nearly finish the whole thing . Not really a healthy choice.So I started looking for once-cup alternatives and found the Keurig line of k-cup machines . I read the reviews and bought the B70 . It 's very nice and brews excellent coffee quickly . The selection of coffee is great at amazon , but in a pinch you can go to Target and pick-up some Green Mountain variety . To be honest though , I buy mostly from Amazon because you get double the cups for the same price as you would in the store . Anyway , I find that I make one or two cups every morning and that 's enough for my morning fix.The only thing that would keep this from getting a five star is that fact that it really vibrates when it makes the coffee . It rattles the whole counter top and anything on it . If they could add some kind of vibration insulating base that would be great.Otherwise it 's a fantastic coffee maker .
 The Keurig B70 brews a cup of coffee as quickly as advertised , with virtually no mess and no clean up . There are so many different flavors to choose , that I 'll never get bored with my cup of coffee . My wife especially likes the additional capability of brewing a cup of tea or hot chocolate with absolutely no residual coffee taste left behind . This was the best purchase we made for ourselves this holiday season !
 I usually only drink coffee when I 'm studying , so I was not wanting to spend the money for the occasional cup of coffee . When I do study , I do drink a lot of coffee but my coffee from a drip brew maker always tasted burnt and grounds would end up in my cup , it would really make me upset . I like that I can space out my cups , not locked into making a `` pot '' at a time . I have only used it a couple of times , but the coffee and tea both taste excellent and there was no sludge in my cups , amazing . I would recommend this maker to anyone who wants 1 hot cup of coffee , tea , cocoa at a time ; I recommend the My K Cup , since you will not always want to be locked into the brands they have since we all have our favorite coffee , we can now have it in a better way . Also , think about subscribing to amazon.com 's subscription of coffees to be sent to your door , usually cheaper than the store and you can stop the subscription at anytme ... I got 50 k cups of german chocolate cake for $ 17.99 , shipping was free . So if you buy this machine , enjoy !!!
 I just got the B70 for Christmas and I am VERY happy with it . I use the second largest cup setting for all roasts . Jo Annes special blend and the coffee , although not extremely strong , is strong enough for me . I tried the same setting with two of the very dark roasted coffees , Newman 's Own and Timothy 's Midnight Magic , and it is PLENTY strong ! Timothy 's Midnight Magic is not only strong , it is one of the BEST tasting coffees I have ever tried ... PERIOD , no bitterness , just rich taste!As far as the noise is concerned , it is fairly quiet when priming for the next cup . Overall , I am now able to have the best tasting coffee I have ever had at home ... and I have always bought whole coffee beans from Starbucks and Trader Joe 's ... to grind at home with my burr grinder and the same at work . But the coffee I 've tried so far with THIS machine all but blows away what I grind myself!I am using nothing but distilled water , so descaling should never be an issue for me . Yes , it does add roughly 5 or 6 cents to the cost per cup , but I do n't mind . Even home filtered water WILL leave mineral deposits behind that can damage the heating element ... and descaling does NOT remove all mineral deposits.I also use a piece of terrycloth towel between the cup and the chrome baseplate , which protects the baseplate from scratches and eliminates any noise caused by the machine vibrating against my coffee mug.Soon I 'll have the reusable coffee filter for this machine and I am anxious to taste the results!UPDATE January 17th , 2008I have had my B70 for almost a month now and am very happy with the brewed coffee . I did have one problem which occured this morning . The machine only brewed half a normal cup this morning and there were a lot of coffee grounds in the cup . The outlet needle got clogged . If you attempt to brew a cup of coffee and your machine only gives you a small amount ... check to see if you have coffee grounds in your coffee . What happens is that when the bottom needle clogs , it forces the cup to overflow and the machine pump turns off . Clean the hole next to the needle at the bottom of your k-cup holder with a regular paper clip . It works ! I think that on rare occassions , the paper filter breaks inside the k-cup , thus releasing coffee grounds into the outlet needle . I still think this is the best single cup coffee server on the market !! Update January 13 , 2010Two years with no problems ... still love it!Final update January 8th 2010Got home last night from overseas vacation over the Holidays . Found the brewer broken . The pump would suck in the water , but put none out . Now my mother stays with us in our home and does use the machine , but she has problems with anything that has more than an off and on switch ! It t she may have done something wrong with it . In any case 3 years is pretty good for any coffee brewer nowadays , so I will be replacing it withh either the another B70 , or getting the newest stainless steel model . . Yet another update March 31st 2012 . My brewer is about to go belly up again This one is our third . So it appears they last about 2.5 years for me ... and I have never put anything in this but distilled bottled water . what 's happening in the kitchen right now is that the brewer sucks up the water ... but then plays PICK A BOO with putting out the water through the K-cup ! It 's a case of `` Your money or your coffee ?! '' . I did this three times , and FINALLY it 's acting normally again ... HOWEVER I have to assume this thing is on it 's last legs and that I should plan on replacing it within a week or so . We shall see !
 I never really thought about great coffee convenience , but this is it . usually great coffee is burdened by grinding , brewing time and equipment - this is not - i wanted hotter coffee than our cuisinart and i got it - it isnt scalding but it is just right and i like hot coffee-dont let it sit for twenty minutes and expect it to be hot still , but you get the point . Everyone i serve it to is amazed how simple and quick - i get to be the perfect host since i can get a decaf for so and so , a tea for whomever , and a strong one for uncle joe . my husband and i share different tastes and this suits us perfectly . a caveat - k cups/coffee not in supermarkets where i am from so on line ordering is a must - and storage is best accommodated by sacrificing a cabinet entirely -LRB- well , since i got just about every kind under the sun -RRB- . Coffee people brand and green mountain rival starbucks - which makes me very happy - so far i have not returned to starbucks brand and i pass tim hortons -LRB- which i was starting to anyway with starbucks elevated taste buds -RRB- now cause i know i get the perfect cup at home .
 it really does make a fresh tasty , cup of coffee every time ... and it looks very cool . the only problem is that there are n't many places to buy k-cups . you 've got to plan ahead .
 I 'd echo the comment one of the earler reviewers made-after 3 months of use , I got a `` not ready '' message that required the coffeemaker to be replaced -LRB- which Keurig did without hassle -RRB- . I 'm now a little wary about its long term reliability.The coffee it makes is excellent . I 'd particulary recommend the Van Houtte eclipse blend if you like strong , dark coffee .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife . She loves it . It makes great coffee , and the convenience -LRB- no prep , no cleanup -RRB- is superb . My only negative impression is the build quality . The unit looks very high end , but it 's made from a plastic that ` feels ' very fragile . And in our case it was . When setup on the counter Christmas morning , it would n't function . The display kept saying to add water , yet the tank was full . Turns out that there 's a mechanism in the tank that consists of some slender plastic posts , one of which broke . When you see the design of this mechanism , it just screams ` breakable in shipment ' . Fortunately I was able to glue a substitute piece in place . I 'm sure that I could have returned it , but we wanted coffee now , not 3 weeks from now . We 'll see how it stands up to daily use.Follow-up
 This model is great ... quiet ... nice looking ... compact ... and fast . We also have the re-usable K-cup so we can use our own coffee ... works great with that or the prefilled K-cups ... I could only find this B70 model on Amazon in stock ... none of the retail stores did n't have it online or in stock until after January ... coffee is nice and hot and you can pick from 4 cup sizes ... was going to give it to my husband for Christmas , but he saw the writing on the box -LRB- thanks Amazon -RRB- that said Keurig and he had to try it right away . We 've had MANY coffee makers ... this is the best .
 This Keurig is the best model . I like 60oz . the backlit water . Our other one died andI wanted the same model . The seller had a great turnaround 2 day delivery . I 'd buyfrom this seller again .
 I love it !!!! The ice teas are great and the kids enjoy them ! The coffees are delicious ! I love the organic fair trade options . It was a good purchase .
 This is my second k up coffee maker . The one I had before worked fine , but was 4 years old and made a lot of noise . This one is super quiet and I love all the different size cups you can make . Definitely recommend !!!! Definitely worth the price !
 The Keurig coffee maker is a great time saver . It is easy to operate . Very little clean up needed . If I could improve something it would be not having to toggle through the whole list to change the cup size . The only other thing I was n't expecting was the coffee . I was used to using an extra strong cup of coffee . With the Keurig you are n't able to add more coffee unless you use a small cup size an brew more then one cup into a larger one . So if you are like me you would have to choose the extra bold flavors . while they are n't quit the same this is probably saving me money by not using as much coffee per cup .
 What a great way to make a pure , coffee shop quality coffeee -LRB- & tea -RRB- each morning ! It 's clean , simple and so easy .
 I got the Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System a few weeks ago . I do n't know when I have had so much fun . The coffee is wonderful - so simple to do - no messy cleanup - just fantastic . I have tried varieties of coffee , tea - even loose tea with the filter insert , and cocoa . I do n't know how I lived without it . Thank you Amazon and Keurig for this time-saving system.Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing System
 this is my second one B-70 for the money is the best brewing system delivery was fast and free
 Bought this unit in 2009 , been using it ever since . I hate having to clean out a coffee pot and wash out mugs . With the Keurig I fill it up with water pop in a k-cup of whatever flavor yanks my fancy for the day and 30 seconds later I have a hot cup of coffee . I love the variety of coffee k-cups and the different cup brewing sizes . If you like coffee and want to spend less $ its a definite great buy .
 We received our machine as a Christmas gift.I wanted to wait a while to do my review . It seems some people have had problems with this model . My wife and I love our Keurig , We got rid of our old coffee pot , and use this one several times a day . Easy to set up , a snap to use , and not much to clean up later . And no problems whatsoever . Highly Recommended !
 I love this coffe maker ! I bought it used and saved over $ 60 , but I have no regrets . It makes super coffee one cup at a time , so it does n't get stale sitting in a pot for a couple of hours . It also lets you make tea , hot chocolate , flavored and regular coffee to suit everyones taste .
 I really like my brewer . I am the only one who drinks coffee so I get a fresh cup every time . My grandkids love it for hot choc . When guests want decaf -- it 's no problem -- just brew up what is needed .
 I love everything about this coffee maker including the blue light that greets me every morning when I make my way to the kitchen .
 We bought this as previously used from our seller here on Amazon . It came wrapped tightly and safe UPS in a really quick manner . I have not had a problem with it and it 's been almost two months now I think . Husband loves that he can make a cup of coffee faster than ever and I love it that I can make tea pretty quickly.Best part is no major water waste ! I 'd definetly give one as a gift to someone I know who would use one !
 Good
 About a month ago , I got the Keurig Platinum at Costco . Unfortunately , it started having priming issues as has been well documented online . My parents got one about 1.5 months ago and so far they have had no problem . So today , I go to exchange out the Keurig -LRB- which also netted me 60 more free K-cups which made it worth the small hassle -RRB- To my surprise , when I unpacked the new Keurig B70 platinum , it had a different reservoir . Inside was a paper that said that I was one of the first people to get the new UPDATED Keurig B70 . The new reservoir is 72 ounces instead of 60 ounces which is good and I 'm HOPING it also solves the issue of not priming consistently . It also has a small flap on top so you do n't have to pull the reservoir top off to refill . All in all , I 'm pleaseantly surprised and hope I 'll have it for years to come with no issues .
 I dont know why so many people seem to be having problems with this machine . Mine is over a year old and no major problems what so ever . I had the thing happen once where it would gurggle but not brew . I unplugged and reset the machine , no problems since . The reason I bought this specific Keruig is because a couple of family members had one and I fell in love on the first use . They have had theirs for almost two years now , no problems . Plain and simple , I LOVE my Keruig B70 .
 I have to admit I was skeptical about the single cup brewing ... until my first cup . I was immediately hooked , especially since the second cup tasted exactly the same . This model which has 5 different cup sizes and a good sized , easy to fill reservoir can make your coffee just the way you like it . I have found the bolder flavors , for me , taste best when using the middle size or next size up . I think the largest size would be a bit weak , but that 's the beauty of this feature . Make coffee to your taste . I have tried using the K-cup filter with my own Starbuck 's Sumatra coffee . I did have to experiment a bit , to get the strength I am accustomed to with my drip coffee maker . By filling up the k-cup filter to the top then using a two stage brew , it was good . I use a large mug and set one brew to the smallest cup size . I run the brew cycle and then allow the grounds to bloom a bit . I do n't remove the k-cup , I just change the cup size to the next larger size and run a second brew . The mug is filled and the strength is just right . Maybe using a finer grind would make a difference . But I do n't think using the K-cup filter is more economical since I am using about twice the amount of ground coffee as I do with the drip coffee maker . Always fresh tasting and I can try a number of new blends . I am anxious to try some hot chocolate as well . The English breakfast tea is also very good . I would replace this model with a new one without a second thought if anything happened that caused it to stop working . I am also buying my coffee k cups from Amazon because you have the best selection , and the best prices.Keurig Platinum B70 Gourmet Single Cup Brewing system with 60 k-cups Assortment & Reusable filter
 This little coffee maker is great . My parents love it , one of the best appliance gifts they 've gotten . They like that they can just get hot water out of it for tea and hot chocolate . Shipped fast and very dependable .
 First , thanks goes to the Lady who sold it to me . I ordered tbhe Keurig on Oct 23 and got is the 26th , WOW !! The Keurig was in great condition and works like a charm . I am drinking my first cup of coffee now and I am sooo happy to have this product in my home . : -RRB-
 I am not a huge coffee drinker but being able to offer a variety of drinks for guests is important for me so buying a keurig was a no brainer . I was n't quite sure of all the differences between the different models but I am the right decision in buying the top model . Being able to fill a travel mug for my wife in the morning was important and this fills it perfect.It brews quite quickly and the variety of coffee and drinks available is endless . I am very happy with my Keurig and would recommend this product to anyone who is looking for a convenient way to offer guests drinks !
 This is my favorite coffee maker by far . Makes great tasting coffee and I love watching it work . : - it looks great in my kitchen and I do n't regret paying the price for it either . With that being said its not perfect either . Sometimes it can be a bit noise and sometimes it takes a while for it to warm up . Maybe it might just be mine but when it says `` Ready '' its really not ready . It usually stays in the `` brewing '' stage for ever and I have to turn it off and turn it back on ... then if I am lucky it will work . But I seem to notice that if you use the coffee maker everyday I do not have a problem . But over all its a great machine . And I love it either way .
 This is a new machine for me but a friend has one that has worked out very well . Mine is super
 Had the model before this one . I already expected greatness , and this model lived up to the Keurig brand . I use use it daily . And this is 75.00 cheaper than what you would pay for at Macys .
 I have a Keurig just like this one . I use it every day . My husband does not like flavored coffee . On the other hand I love flavored coffee . When we had a pot , I never got flavored coffee because my husband and I shared the pot . Now , he can have his regular coffee and I can drink any flavored coffee I want to drink . I am much happier . I love being able to make only one cup and I have my pot set so I can have a cup in seconds . It is ready for me during my waking hours . I got a pot for my son for his birthday . He loves it too ! Nice to be able to set the cup size , temp too !
 We bought our first Keurig B-70 Platinum in 2008 from an online shopping network . Keurig has the best customer service ever ! They replaced our Keurig within the 1 year warranty period when we had issues with it.We gave that one to a friend several months later and bought another one . Had it replaced within the 1 yr warranty period . Sometimes you just get a machine that can not be cleaned or fixed ` at home ' . We know people who have had their original Keurig for years with no problems . I personally think the water has a lot to do with how they hold up.That 's what I mean about it being ` touchy ' and that 's why I did not give it 5 stars . We love the Keurig and use it 3 to 6 times a day , every day . We use tap water and have installed the Keurig filter inside the water tank . It definitely helps the taste of the coffee/tea ! One thing that has been an on-going problem with Keurig is that they get clogged up easily with minute particles of coffee grounds and Keurig customer service will walk you through cleaning the machine while on the phone with you even if it takes an hour ! They will tell you to open a paper clip and push the end up into the 3 holes at the ` beak ' -LRB- you will need a flashlight -RRB- where the top of the K-cup is punctured . And , also to clean out the K-cup holder for any residue . That usually does the trick . -LRB- I have also found that the can of compressed air on your desk for cleaning the keyboard , etc can be used to blow away the coffee particles -RRB- . BUT , the other problem is that eventually you might notice the amount of liquid in your cup is not as much as it should be . Again , cleaning with the paper clip and maybe a vinegar cleaning which the manual explains how to do to de-scale the machine . Those are the only problems we have had and the inconvenience is not that bad unless the machine needs to be replaced and then you will go into Keurig withdrawal for a few days until your new one arrives Federal Express from Keurig ! During that time you will drag your old , dusty perculator or drip coffee pot out of the cupboard and remember why you love the Keurig so much ! You get so used to the convenience and ease of using a K-cup that it 's a pain to stand and wait for brewed coffee . Does taste good , though!Then there is the cost of the K-cups which can add up , but if you watch the sales and coupons you can keep the cost down and you can also use the My K-cup for your own brand of coffee . We have several that we keep filled.Our current best liked flavor is Coffee People Do-Nut Shop ... very smooth with no bitter aftertaste.I would highly recommend getting a Keurig . It is so nice to just be able to pop in a K-cup any time of the day or night and have no mess or cleanup . I also recommend trying the cocoas and teas . I LOVE the organic green tea and just add honey.Enjoy !
 Have now been using my Keurig system for about a month and my family is really enjoying it . This model came with a package of assorted K-Cups inside to try , which we liked . We love the convenience of individually being able to brew exactly what kind and how much coffee , tea or cocoa we want . It 's fast and easy to keep clean . So far we have only used prepackaged K-Cups which are fairly expensive . Overall though , we are very happy with this purchase .
 Ca n't say enough about how wonderful this is ! It gets almost constant use even after about 3 weeks . Works great every time , no issues whatsoever -LRB- other than who left the reservoir empty -RRB- . Would highly recommend this to anyone who likes coffee and has a house full of many different tastes .
 When I first saw the Keurig machines advertised I thought they were over priced and stupid . Over time I have come around to how much sense brewing coffee by the cup made . Totally efficient and price effective when you consider the price of the coffee k cups and you only drink what you make as opposed to making a pot and throwing the remainder out . Tasting the coffee/tea beverages made by this machine clinched the decision . Rich dark coffee and full flavored teas are the norm . Completely re-energized by appetite for morning drinks . Easy to use -LRB- my wife hates gadgets but loves this machine -RRB- and maintain . This is a make sense product ...
 Keurig My K-Cup Reusable Coffee FilterThe best part of this brewer is that you can switch to a reusable filter cup and try any other coffee you might like , but oooops ! Remember to switch it back !!!
 Got this as a Hanukkah gift two months ago and LOVE this . The variety is amazing and the set up could not have been easier.I truly love the coffee and how it makes it . I will not go back to instant coffee again!The brewing system and process are top notch.I do not know I lived without this !
 My Keurig brewer , purchased about 1.5 years ago , started acting up . Sometimes it would brew a full cup , sometimes half , sometimes only a few drops . Than I noticed that the read-out on the panel said `` de-scale , '' so I tried that , using white vinegar as directed in the Keurig materials . I used over a gallon of vinegar , but when that did n't work , I tried using CLR de-scaling liquid . Still no luck , so I called the Keurig service department . The first thing the representative said was that I should NOT have used CRS . I told her I only resorted to that when all else failed , and the problem was no better or worse after doing so . In any event , she spent about 45 minutes on the phone with me , trying to correct the problem , including having me clean various parts , brewing several cups without a K-cup inserted then a cup with a K-cup inserted . When all of that failed to work , she offered to send me a new machine , free of charge . If that 's not fabulous service , I do n't know what is !
 I love this since I am the only coffee drinker in the house . I bought this in late July but have been having problems with it not working lately . I called Keurig today and they talked me through some trouble shooting but nothing worked . They are sending me a new machine this week . It is annoying but an easy fix .
 I actually bought this from Costco , only because I had credit that I had to spend there . Someone had given me a different model for xmas so I traded it in for this one.Maybe I have n't quite figured out how to use this thing properly , but what I do n't like is , it will say `` Ready to Brew '' and the light is n't blinking . After fiddling with it , I found that opening up the front of the unit up and closing it , fixes this problem . Then you can press the Brew button and on it goes brewing . Maybe I should actually read the instructions . Maybe you 're suppose to turn it on first , wait for `` Ready to Brew '' , Insert the K Cup -LRB- or filter -RRB- , shut the lid and press the Brew button , anyway . Maybe it 's programmed to not allow you to brew until after you open up the unit to put the k cup in after it gets done heating the water . I do n't know.I have only tried regular sized cups of coffee and also the largest setting , for travel mugs . So far , so good . I 'm not a very big `` coffee snub '' I guess you call itt , so I do n't notice small differences . I just bought espresso beans and I will try them soon on the smallest setting to see if this thing can make decent espresso , and compare it with my Mr. Coffee Espresso machine . From what I 've read though , this thing will make `` weak '' espressos.REUSABLE FILTERSThe unit I got came with the reusable k cup from Keurig along with 60 different k cup varieties . I 'm still working my way through them . I also purchased Carabou from SamsClub and I have Jet Fuel on order from Amazon . I ca n't wait to try both of those . I also purchased an ekoBrew reusable filter cup from Amazon , as I 've heard that , not only does it produce a better tasting coffee , but the filter itself is a lot easier to clean . That is , there are 3 different varieties of reusable k-cups I 've researched
 Great delivery service and terrific price ! This arrived right before Christmas as gift for my husband . We both are enjoying the coffee maker . We can pick our own coffee choices . It works great . We both love it !!!
 We 've thought about getting one of these for about a year . Finally purchased it for my husband for Christmas and boy , oh boy , I do n't think that little machine has been idle for more than a couple of hours on any given day since . We all just love it ! My husband , me , our kids , our guests ! The coffee , tea , cocoa , cuppucinos ... Just the sheer variety ... It 's all great and sooo delicious !!! We love it !
 Keep one at home and one at the office . Everyone always enjoys a fresh cup of their favourite coffee , tea or hot chocolate .
 We purchased this home-edition for an office of 4 people and we find that we have to fill up the water tank quite frequently . Also , when filling a cup with fresh brew , it splatters out so that if you have it on a white counter-top the coffee stains are visible.The quality of the coffee and that it makes only one cup when you need one is great . That 's why it gets such high marks from us .
 My Keurig Elite B70 arrived from Amazon in just 11/2 days . Not only does it easily `` fine tune '' to my temperature and cup size preferences , but I use it for cooking too.The B70 Elite , makes PERFECT coffee , tea , and hot chocolate in less than a minute and fills my `` super-size mug '' to the top simply by pushing the 111/2 oz fill and the 4 oz fill ! The K-cups can become expensive , so I use my own ground coffee with the reusable mesh filter that can be added to your purchase at Amazon , and it is delicious . I use my Keurig to quickly make a cup of hot water for baking , for making bullion in recipes , even instant mashed potatoes . This is a wonderful kitchen helper !
 As a fan of `` perked '' coffee I was somewhat skeptical about the Keurig , but I was wrong . It makes a good cup of coffee and it is fast . The only problem I would say , is that the coffee could be a bit hotter . Other than that I am not disappointed at all .
 I 'm the only hot-beverage drinker in this house , aside from the kids occasional cup of hot chocolate in the winter . I was so tired of either dumping coffee down the drain or hurrying to drink it before it went over the edge , leaving my cup of tea in the microwave for hours after forgetting it . I had a really good coffee maker , but it could n't make good coffee if you were just trying to make a little , it was always too weak or too strong . I got this Keurig as an anniversary gift a couple weeks ago . I 'd been oogling at the older models for months , almost bought a B60 on several occasions , and then have been price-shopping this one online since it came out . I LOVE THIS COFFEE MAKER . It makes a GREAT cup of coffee and tea -LRB- have n't tried the hot chocolate yet -RRB- . I 've had a blast shopping the internet for K-cups , which come in so many varieties . Had house guests last weekend and they thought it was the coolest . It was nice that after I showed them how to use it , they could pick out and make their own coffee , without the old `` is there any more coffee ? '' and that phrase `` do n't make a pot just for me ... `` No mess , no hassle . When you want a cup of coffee , you can have a cup RIGHT NOW , just pop in a K-cup and push the button . I 've even used it to make iced tea for my husband -LRB- Just brewed tea into an ice filled travel mug , on the strongest setting ... ie smallest cup -RRB- . Awesome , and looks great on my countertop .
 Ok , I love this coffee maker . Makes a super full-bodied , robust , aromatic cup in seconds . Just love it . Then , after 5 months , it stopped brewing -- in much the same way many on the site here report that theirs did . I was able to fix it , though -- I 've read that several people have removed and cleaned the filter basket assembly . That 's good -- but the secret is to take a paper clip and unclog the TOP needle , not just the bottom one in the filter assembly . There are three holes in that top needle -- I eased the paper clip into each one , twisted it gently , then brewed a couple cups of water -LRB- which were chock full of coffee grounds -RRB- . Once done -LRB- it just took , literally , a few minutes and was easy -RRB- I was back in the game with full , rich coffee again . Hopefully this helps some of you who have run into this issue -- it really was easy , and I 've not had any issues since . I initially thought it was my water pump -- but it was that top needle & line that was clogged -- so do n't hesitate to try this fix before you throw your hands up in surrender . I love the coffee this thing produces so much that this was a minor price to pay . Good luck -- and here 's betting this little tip will help you keep enjoying yours , too .
 The Keurig B-70 is my answer to easy coffee , anytime , quickly , with superb results . It also brews tea and makes hot chocolate simple . The machine itself is very high-tech looking and has a very expensive look and feel to it . It will look wonderful on any kitchen countertop or in any setting . I SIMPLY LOVE IT ! Your guests will be drawn to it , it just looks so interesting with its mystical blue lights.There is absolutely no mess and it 's fun for your guests or family to be able to choose what they like from the hundreds of choices available , of course their choices will be limited to what you have on hand . Amazon seems to have the best deal on the K-cups which is the genius of the machine . Pop one in and in 30 seconds or so you have a steaming cup of your fsvorite beverage . Though it costs a bit more per beverage , you will easily make that up with its ease of use and convenience -LRB- saves a lot of time and mess -RRB- . No longer will you be pouring half full pots of coffee down the drain.I also own the B-60 and I noticed that a reviewer here stated there are no differences . There are three huge differences that the B-70 features over the B-60 . The larger reservoir is very nice to have , I do n't have to fill it so often . The fact that the B-70 brews a 12 oz cup is a giant difference to me . And last , the B-70 appears better engineered , it is much quieter and is also better looking.I give this the HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION ! AAA + + + It also has a one -LRB- 1 -RRB- year warranty , simply fill in the enclosed warranty card .
 After almost a month with the Keurig B70 , I 've finally come to truly enjoy my Keurig.PROS : * Sturdy machine * Large water reservoir * Reasonably quiet -LRB- main hum is during the priming of the pump -RRB- * Reuseable Coffee Filter option - so not dependent on K-Cup vendorsCONS : * Finding good K-cups that generate reasonable strength coffeeK-CUP RECOMMENDATION : * Van Houte Coffee , Eclipse BlendADDITIONAL COMMENTARY : My initial feeling was of disappointment after trying out the sample K-cups that came with the machine . Setting the Keurig to the smallest cup setting , I was predominantely getting watered down coffee as others have reported in the list of reviews.I ordered `` Diedrich - French Roast Dark Roast '' as it purportedly was a stronger coffee . And , I did get a less watered down coffee . But , still not what I was looking for . Looking at the stream of coffee from the Keurig , it was still noticeably light compared to what one would typically make.As a last attempt , I ordered `` Van Houte Coffee , Eclipse Blend '' which is reported to be one of the strongest coffees available in K-cup . And , I finally got the strength of coffee that I was looking for . The Van Houte is one of the more expensive K-cups available , but it is well worth the price , and it is still cheaper than getting coffee from a Starbucks or Peets . I typically use 2 K-cups -LRB- a cost of about 80 cents in total -RRB- to fill a travel mug for work .
 I 've used the B100 -LRB- Keurig 's high-end home model -RRB- for the last four years and I have nothing but good things to say about it.I 'm here at Amazon as I want to buy another system for my office , so I plan to take the one I own now to the office -LRB- even though we get free coffee there -RRB- and I 'm going to try the B-70 for home since we just remodeled and I think the silver look will contrast better with our new stainless kitchen appliances.The Keurig system provides you with the following capabilities that IMO are superior to other single-cup `` convenience '' coffee systems available in the marketplace .1 . The appliance is well-made . I 've had my current unit for three years now without incidence -LRB- my first one died a few days after the warrantee expired -- because I did not descale the reservoir -- but after a call to Keurig they replaced free including shipping . Now I clean out the reservoir every four months now using vinegar -RRB- . So I 've had four total years of dependable use . A great value for an appliance that gets used every day and is left on constantly .2 . The availability of coffee and tea for the `` K-Cups '' -LRB- the coffee `` packages '' -RRB- is the best of any system . Keurig took a lesson from the computer industry and `` open sourced '' the K-Cup concept so that now a quick visit to their website will show true eclectic coffee selections . -LRB- In fact , about the only coffee I 've not been able to find in K-Cups is my beloved `` Sulawesi '' but an email from Keurig tells me Green Mountain Coffees will soon be offering it -RRB- . This is great because there are numerous places to buy K-Cups both online and at physical stores -LRB- Dallas has several stores -RRB- , which when combined with the existence of numerous manufacturers of K-Cups , we all as consumers enjoy the benefits of competition within the K-Cup space .3 . It does tea very well . I am a coffee drinker . My wife is a tea drinker . She tells me the Keurig tea K-Cups are superb and I myself even catch a cup of Orange Spice Tea now and then . Again , there is a wide selection of teas , just like with coffees from an equally wide array of vendors .4 . It makes simple hot water too . Simply run it without a K-Cup placed . My wife likes to make hot chocolate while leaving my recently `` used '' K-Cup in the Keurig -LRB- makes a weak cup -RRB- so she gets a little coffee taste with her hot chocolate . I use it for many other uses as well . For instance I like those ramen `` cup-o-noodles '' things and I can add the necessary hot water to easily via my Keurig.In summary , this is a great company that offers a quality product within a great peripheral system to support it .
 Love this ! Only model to have a 12 oz setting and holds 72 oz water in the tank . Had B40 , this one blows it away for $ 30 more !
 Great works good . . A + A + A + A A A a aa a a a a a aa aaaa aaa a
 I am a huge coffee drinker and sometimes make one or 2 pots of coffee a day this coffee pot while expensive if you plan on buying the K cups is great . Me personally I bought the reusable K cup and love it it makes piping hot coffee at a moments notice it allows me to keep other flavors of coffee and tea around for guests and to be quite honest it just looks cool sitting on my counter radiating that nice blue light . I still have yet to find the perfect k cup for me but I think this is still a keeper for me . I have done some research that told me that these coffeemakers tend to go out at about 18 months but my plan for that is to keep my box and receipt handy and wait for that to happen before my one year warranty is up .
 I 've had my eye on one for years ! When I saw this on Amazon the price was great . This will be my Christmas and birthday gift this year .
 This was a good purchase . . It was shipped with such care I was impressed . I am super excited about it
 Bought it a while back for my wife and its been working great !! we have tried a lot of the cups offered and found that we like most . the machine has not had any issues at all .
 I gave this a high rating because I really Love my keurig . I enjoy having the ability to brew 1 hot cup of coffee at a time . I can have a flavored coffee and my husband can have a bold roast regular coffee . We can brew different sizes . The large reservoir is easy to remove , so you can refill with water.i 'm glad I bought the keurig .
 Purchased the B70 as a replacement for the B40 which had recently died after less than a year . I 'm not a coffee drinker myself , but my wife uses it at least once -LRB- sometimes multiple times -RRB- per day . Four months into it , it keeps going strong and have had no issues . My wife is very pleased not only with its performance , but also with the aesthetics . Highly recommend this one over the more `` entry level '' brewing systems .
 I bought this last Christmas for my Daughter and Son in law , Replacing the old one they had . they are thoroughly enjoying it .
 My husband wanted to try this , since he is the only one who drinks coffee in our family . . One cup and he 's good to go ... Well , I LOVE THIS MACHINE too !!! I drink hot chocolate and hot apple cider and they BOTH are great ... Its easy to use , no mess and lots of choices with the K-cups . . We have had it about 4 months and we just love it ... Definitely would recommend . . actually , buying one for my mom for Christmas !! 5 stars !
 I 'm on my third Keurig B60/B70 brewer . In my environment , they last about one year . That lifetime is not great . The good news is they are warranted for a year , so if it does n't make it that long , they will replace it . Their customer service is friendly and knowledgeable . But , if yours lasts a little over a year , tough . Why am I on my third ? Because they are that good . I hope I do n't have to buy another in 13 months , but I probably would . If anyone else comes out with a K-cup brewer , I would be tempted to try it . I was OK with a Senseo , until I switched to k-cups . The only was to brew .
 I absolutely LOVE my new coffee maker ! I did a lot of research before buying , and decided to give a Keurig machine a try . It really is my favorite kitchen small appliance . I would absolutely recommend this to all of my family and friends . My item arrived quickly , with no problems . This is hands down my favorite purchase of 2011 !
 I finally made the switch from a Pod Brewer to a K-Cup Brewer and wish I had made the switch sooner . The Keurig Platinum brews a perfect cup of coffee every time . One of my problems with my old Pod Brewer was the inconsistencies of the coffee ; too often it was too weak . I also love the huge variety of coffee choices the Keurig offers , which I never really had with my Pod Brewer .
 This is the greatest brewer I have ever owned . Love that you can also have tea , hot chocolate , and cider with this brewer .
 After using the Keurig coffee maker , I will never go back to drip/perk/grind / typical coffee makers again . No waste , no mess , no buying beans/ground coffee , no stale coffee . Every cup is fresh and delicious . This is the new coffee revolution .
 We have owned a model B-60 for about a year and really like the brewer , however , it does n't fill a good size mug . As a result , and because I do n't like strong coffee ie . Starbucks , I found that rather than purchase K-Cups with a mild blend that I would normally prefer , I could purchase the extra bold blends and fill my mug by resetting the brewer with the same cup installed . This gave me a full mug and a mild brew.When I saw the B-70 and read that it would brew an 11.25 oz mug , I thought that I could do essentially the same thing but without the double brewing process . This has n't worked out for me . I think the brew size claims are either a bit exaggerated or my mugs are really big ; - -RRB- Before I purchased the unit , I read the other reviews of which one was negative due to the noise the brewer created . While it does make a fair amount of noise while it is refilling the water heater chamber , it is such a short period of time that I do n't think it 's big deal . It may cause something nearby on the counter to vibrate and generate additional noise , however . Another review was positive based on the larger water reservoir . I 'm not sure I would go along with with that - if it is larger , it is by a an almost negligible amount as compared to the B-60 . It does have some nice additional features that the B-60 does not such as a blue back lit display which is helpful for viewing since the unit is typically sitting on the counter under overhead cabinets . Also when the water reservoir needs refilling , the same blueish back lighting -LRB- which also illuminates the reservoir -RRB- flashes on and off.Given that I purchased the B-60 about a year ago for about $ 130 and I paid $ 169 for the B-70 , if I had had the option and experience at the time of my first purchase I would have opted for the B-70 but I would n't recommend others to do what I did unless you can sell the B-60 for close to the original purchase price.I do really like the K-Cup Keurig brewing system in general . We tried the Senseo style even before the Keurig B-60 and did n't like it at all .
 If you 've enjoyed drinking coffee all your life , then you deserve to own a Keurig coffee maker now.I 've drank coffee all my life . Even my mother use to give me coffee with milk in my bottle when I was just a baby . Back then , I was probably a stressed-out , high-strung , irrepressible shaky little bundle of nerves all through my child life . I 've spoken with a few cats over the years who were going through catnip withdrawals . So , I can relate wholeheartedly . Some cats use to chase dogs . Well anyway ... I ca n't remember any day in my life that I have n't had any coffee in the morning , although I will say that I do n't care to drink coffee throughout the day like some people do . I 'll drink my six cups of coffee only in the morning before school or work and that will be it for me for the rest of the day . I 'll know I 've had enough coffee when people see me glowing in the dark when I rush out of the house early in the morning . Some mornings , I 've polished off a whole pot of coffee . I do n't have to be at work till 8 AM but I still get up at around 4 AM so I can start slamming coffee . Sometimes , I may fall asleep again in front of my first cup of coffee , but when I snap out of my drowsiness , I 'll gulp that cold cup down and then rush to the kitchen to make my next cup . I may slam about 4 or 5 more cups of coffee into me within the next half hour before I bolt out the door to start my day . I do n't know how some people can just fly out of bed and then fly out the door to get on with their day without coffee . Of course , some people will rush out to the local Starbuck 's at the corner and buy that one four dollar cup of coffee and that will be all that they need for the day . Just one cup ? And at about four freakin ' dollars a cup ? Forget that!Now listen up my fellow coffee lovers . This Keurig coffee maker is the greatest coffee maker I have ever experienced . It 'll heat up water instantly and will having you drinking your first cup of coffee within the first minute you turn your Keurig on in the morning . It has a built in timer so that you can set it to be ready to brew your first cup the moment you approach your coffee maker if you 're someone who just ca n't wait a whole minute for it to be ready . I 've become more patient since I bought my Keurig.Now here 's what 's really unique about the Keurig coffee maker . It brews one cup at a time . What you buy for coffee are called K-cups . Pre-packaged cups of various flavored coffees that you put in the machine to brew one cup of coffee . There are hundreds of different flavors of national and international coffees -LRB- caffeinated and decaffeinated -RRB- , and various flavored teas , and cocoas that you buy in boxes and keep in a basket or their original boxes next to your Keurig machine.When you buy your Keurig coffee maker , you will get an assortment of various flavored coffees and teas to sample to get you started with understanding the beauty of this great new coffee maker that you 've brought into your home . But , like I said , there are hundreds of other flavored coffees designed in the K-cup format for your Keurig coffee maker . You 'll get order forms and website ordering information available with your Keurig.I 've bought my Keurig at a Linen and Things department store , but there are other stores that sell the Keurig as well . I was told that you can get one at Target , but my local Target does n't seem to have it . Anyway , at Linen and Things , they also carry only a couple of flavored K-cup coffees sold next to the Keurig . Usually , I 'll see some K-cups from Green Mountain who I think is directly licensed and distributed with the Keurig coffee maker . Their K-cups sell at $ 9.99 per box -LRB- of 18 K-cups -RRB- . So , at that price , plus California sales tax -LRB- 7.75 % -RRB- that works out to about 59.8 cents per cup of coffee . That 's really not too bad but you can still get it cheaper if you shop smart . Even when you order these K-cups on line directly with the K-cup companies , you 'll still pay about 55 cents per cup PLUS the cost of shipping , which makes each cup even more expensive.I 've learned that the best deal available is by buying my K-cups directly through Amazon . There are various sources that are selling K-cups through Amazon and still charge shipping costs , but there are a few K-cup distributors that sell K-cups at the lowest price possible , plus charge NO sales tax or shipping costs . Through Amazon , I see that Target sells a box of K-cups for $ 59.99 and that 's for 108 K-cups . Even without the cost of shipping -LRB- yet to be added -RRB- , that still works out to 55 cents per cup , minimum . So , Sorry Target , I think I 'll pass . That is not the best deal.I buy my K-cups at $ 20 for two boxes of 25 K-cups each . -LRB- 50 K-cups for twenty bucks -RRB- . With no sales tax and free shipping so that works out to just 40 cents per cup . Just forty cents !!! And there are many flavors available to choose from . So YOU tell me . Would your rather pay four dollars for one cup of coffee -LRB- like at Starbucks -RRB- , or just 40 cents per cup ? Sure , your cup may be a little smaller , but you can always have another cup , and then another cup , and then another cup , and then another cup , and then another cup , and so on and so on and so on ... . How about 10 cups of coffee for four bucks , instead of just one?You can also buy a special reusable K-cup filter so that you can still brew your own favorite coffee from the can if you prefer . This Keurig is not just limited to manufactured K-cups . So , check it out my fellow coffee lovers . You 'll love having this Keurig in your house when you have guests . They will love having options of which flavored coffee they 'd like to try , if you 'll keep various flavors available . I still like trying new coffees . I generally like to stick to the more BOLD flavored coffees . Call me crazy but I enjoy a mildly bitter harsh burn in my throat when I 'm drinking my coffee . `` Tres Intense '' -LRB- which I guess means Extra Bold -RRB- is a common term I see on the boxes of my favorite K-cup coffees . So far , my favorite K-cup comes from Van Houtte and it 's called `` Eclipse Blend . '' I 've ordered about six boxes of it last month . I 'm down to two boxes already so I better order some more soon.I love my Keurig ! If you 're a coffee connoisseur like me , you 'll love this machine too .
 If you love coffee and hate the fuss then buy the B-70 .
 I 'd so far dodged the Keurig fad up until this Christmas . I received this as a gift this year . I used to drink lots of coffee but with an ever busier schedule and a lack of participation in my workplace 's coffee fund , I had reduced my consumption to one cup a day from a very old , single serve Black and Decker coffee maker that I keep in my office . The taste is acceptable at best , further reducing my coffee desire.On opening this gift , I initially was a bit skeptical , thinking it was just something else to buy a bunch of expensive coffee and accessories for . A week later ... I 've gleefully bought a bunch of expensive accessories and coffee , lol . The ease of use is fantastic and the taste of the coffee is phenomenally good . The selection of K cups is great in all the stores I shop . And I bought a refillable cup just in case I get tired of buying or ca n't find the prepackaged ones . I 'm now even wondering if I should buy a Keurig mini for my office ! I tried the Italian roast sample included w / my machine last night and it was incredibly good . But all the coffees are.For those of you pondering why your coffee does n't taste good ... try a Keurig . I 've pondered
 With 1500 reviews , there 's little point in my commenting much but the travel mug size thing is one no one appears to have commented on , did n't appear to be on the details on the product , and was something I really wanted to know , so I figured I 'd tell folks what I 've figured out.Basically your mug can be about 6 '' tall -LRB- absolute max at 61/8 th -RRB- and still be able to use the removable drip tray . If you remove the drip tray your mug can be basically no taller than 71/4 '' -LRB- you can angle it slightly to wiggle it in at about 73/8 '' , but I would n't recommend it -RRB- . Other than that ... yup , this thing is great . Everyone knows it . Buy it .
 We love this coffee pot . It is so easy to use , easy to clean and easy to stow away . The only ` down ' side is that the K cups of coffee are a bit expensive , but I purchased the cup that I can use my own coffee in it and that is really handy .
 My daughter asked for this product for her birthday . To me it 's wasteful , in that you always toss the the k cups after one use , so I bought a refillable filter as well . The coffee is always fresh and hot and takes just a minute . If the beans are good , the coffee is good .
 Christmas gift for my husband . We are very pleased w the look and functions of this product . It can also make ice coffee .
 Got this for my grandmother . She loves it . Has zero complaints about the quality or any shortcomings . Recommended buy for sure .
 I was more than pleased with the Keurig unit , it is easy to use and a great cup of coffee .
 I would buy it again ! My family loves coffee and this is a quick way to have coffee without having to make a whole pot for 1 or 2 people . Saves on cost of coffee .
 Easy to use and brews all your favorites . Keurig has hit a winner with this system that brews coffee and teas . I highly recommend it !!!
 We replaced a much more expensive coffee maker with a Keurig B70 . Not only does it brew great coffee , but to have it so quickly and conveniently is very nice . Perhaps the best part is that we do n't have to make a whole pot of coffee that one of us does n't care for . I can have a dark rich blend and seconds later my wife can have a cup of decaf . Could n't be better .
 like the product , functions as promised ... very simple to use ... chose this because of previous experience with similar model ... used previous one for almost three years before it clogged and no longer functiions despite on line help and direct help by phone with an associate ... only reason to dislike this product is if it also becomes non-functioning before expected lifetime or if it can not be descaled and returned to full functioning . . limitations
 This is the first single cup coffee maker we have owned . The biggest advantage for us is to be able to have an afternoon cup of whatever beverage we choose without having to brew a whole pot . We purchased the Kurig type cup dispensor that you can fill with your ground coffee and find this a good advantage . So far it has been reliable , fast , easy to operate and lots of fun !
 We have had our Platinum Keurig for just over a year -LRB- a year and 5 days to be exact -RRB- , and it stopped working . We tried descaling it over and over with no luck . The machine would start brewing and then just stop , with `` brewing '' displayed until we restarted it , and then the same thing over and over.We called Keurig customer support and after a few tests and supplying our serial number , they are shipping us a new machine via Fedex . No hassle over the `` just past a year '' warranty or the fact that we never registered it.They really did the right thing . We just have to return a small part as proof of ownership.We love the machine , and also the Keurig customer service !
 Day one looks like a great system thus far ! - you might want to jump to the full manual before you get frustrated as I first thought you had to open up the K-cup sample to pour in the filter basket ... lol . If it works as instructed , then it is a genius system , that opens up the K-cup full of coffee ready for dispensing thru the small complete filter system . I was going to purchase one of those more expensive all metal expresso systems , but decided to give this brand a try after losing patience with the 100 dollar or less cuisinart coffee makers . I like that with this Keurig , you can make all you need for one or 2 people with out wasting much coffee and the k-cups are not expensive overall if you purchase a large box of your choice of k-cup coffee -LRB- brand -RRB- . You can even adjust your desired cup pour size . I did buy this Keurig B70 at Costco , and is one of my few large purchases this year to buy there instead of Amazon -LRB- so do not be too bothered AMZN -RRB- . I will have to check out those samples to see what I like best , and even try some of the tea brands too . I already purchased a large box of the Paul Newman brand , and out of luck , the sample I tried was good . I had no idea what the Donut Coffee would taste like.If for some reason this Keurig lets me down , I hope to remember to come back and update my pleasant review . Here 's hoping I get great coffee/tea for many years to come and the plastic parts hold up well too . -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 My Keurig Platinum brewer was just over a year old when it stopped spitting out water . I saw another review here about their customer service and I agree , it is amazing ! The representative walked me through some trouble shooting measures and VOILA ! -- it 's working like it was brand new . I was also told that if it quits working , I wo n't have to return it to the store ; Keurig will replace it by sending a unit directly to my home . I 'm sold ! I 'll be recommending Keurig to anyone and everyone . You simply do n't find customer service like that anymore ! On top of that , my entire family loves the Keurig . We use it for coffee , hot and cold tea and just hot water . You 'll use it every day . And while you might think the drinks are more costly than a traditional coffee pot or cup of tea , the beverages taste better and they 're a lot cheaper than at Starbucks !
 This is a great item . Works as described . Very quick . You can use the small coffee packets made for it or buy the filter and put your own coffee in . Saves time , energy and waste by making only the amount you want . The only thing I would say as negative is that it does n't fill a large mug up completely when you set the cup size to largest . Love it !
 We had the Tassimo for 4 years and it sucked !! It leadked all over the counter and did n't work all the time . We have had the Keurig for 2 months now and we could n't be happier ... enough said !! You will not be disappointed .
 Opened up the package and was drinking a great cup of coffee in 10 minutes ! The B70 's clean and modern look fits extremely well with our kitchen . We picked this up at Costco , so we also received a 60 pack of K-Cups . Although we have only used it several times now , we love it and would recommend it to all .
 The machine wasnt completely drained before it arrived so there was a lot of water in it and in the box . It did function properly though and it arrived it the expected time .
 I doubt anyone has a real need for a machine like this . Unless you use the incredibly wasteful Kcups , its not substantially easier to use than a regular drip coffee maker ; if you want a simple one-cup drip maker , there are many available . That said , we have been using it for the last few weeks with 3 reusable K-cups and all works well . For those that like a really strong cup of coffee , you will have to make yourself 2 `` cups '' on the least-water setting , which is meant to be used for ice-coffee -LRB- i.e. , you make that and then mix in ice -- which would make watery iced coffee -RRB- . Here 's the simple way of understanding these machines
 I This is my second Keurig and I absolutely love it . It makes wonderful coffee , and I can also use my own coffee instead of just what is available . My only complaints are the flavored teas , which are awful ; and the fact it does n't make cappuccinos or lattes ; just straight coffee , even if it is flavored coffee , it is still straight coffee . Given that fact , I also have to have a cappuccino machine -LRB- even if I do only drink them in the winter -RRB- . Still , it does make a great cup of coffee and is easy to clean .
 Just purchased the Keurig Platinum Single-Cup Brewing System and LOVE it !! Our old brewer was so complicated , my spouse had to make the coffee , and since he rarely drinks it , he fussed about that ; and I would end up drinking re-heated day-old coffee -LRB- UGH ! -RRB- ... So - find marital bliss AND great coffee !! This is definitely a no-muss/no-fuss item and a must-have appliance ; I highly recommend it ! As usual , I find everything I need here at Amazon !!
 I love this brewer . I love the larger setting that it has , and my children love the `` iced tea '' setting it has . I have been using it probably 2-3 times a day for the past year or so . Although the coffee pods can be expensive , this was well worth the money . No more making a pot and then either dumping or reheating what was n't needed . I get the exact amount I need .
 Just got this machine Saturday -LRB- It 's Sunday night -RRB- . I got the B70 , the charcoal filter starter kit , the self-filter kit and some various K cup coffees . I 'm very impressed with the unit . The fit and finish are very good . The machine has a lot of weight to it - this indicates good construction to me . Nothing `` wiggles '' . Things that swivel do so without wobble . Things that go up and down do so smoothly.Setup took about 15 minutes , it took longer to soak and prep the charcoal filter than anything else.The Keurig goes from cold to `` ready to brew '' in about 3 minutes . Once it starts to brew , it finishes in less than a minute , with about 15 seconds to load more water once its ready to go again . Its very clean , the process itself lends itself to a very orderly and tidy way to make a cup of coffee with no fuss.The coffee itself is quite good , lots of varieties but I do n't know much about them . I got a good strong Kona and will be testing different varieties as I go .
 It was n't long after I got my brewer that I started having problems with minimum coffee dispensed & not enough water pumping through . I descaled it a few times with no luck . Then I took the water container off & to my surprise , the tiny filter was clogged with a slimy substance & not letting any water through the pump ! I cleaned it out gently with a toothpick & a q-tip . Since then , I have not had any problems that a good descaling could not fix . -LRB- I use the machine a lot too -RRB- ! I bet this is why most of these pumps are failing . Descaling will not get rid of this problem . You have to do it manually & check it every so often . I 've cleaned mine out twice so far . I use filtered water only in the machine & I 've had it about a year or so .
 I was first introduced to this style coffee maker by an ex-girlfriend . After the first cup I knew that I had been having coffee all wrong before.So , as soon as the money situation was right I bought it ! Make sure you run at least 3 tanks of water through this machine before you attempt to enjoy a cup of coffee , if you do not you will be tasting plastic and that is no fun . . Ask me how I know . . Go on , ask me.Anyhoo , takes about 3-4 minutes to get ready to brew and less than a minute to get your cup brewed . I know it takes 3-4 minutes because this Gangster ass coffee maker has a digital clock on it ! Talk about multitasking ! You are standing around waiting for coffee -LRB- I have that kind of free time . . -RRB- and some person who does n't have a watch or a phone asks you what time it is , you do n't even need to search for the time ! The time is saying `` Look at me ! I am right here telling you already ! '' It has buttons you can press -LRB- the girlfriend hates when I push buttons because I always change her settings ... maybe that is why she broke up with me . . hmm -RRB- Needless to say , after buying my own , I have no need for button pressing . But I do kind of feel like an astronaut when I press buttons . . Especially the garage door button . Like being granted a wizards power . . but not really.and to conclude , I really have no idea on what the proper use of punctuation is and I like coffee . Plus my job gives me a computer and internet access and I have an office . . So I get pretty bored . Coffee + boredom + work = a combination that no one should have to endure . We need recess as adults . With Coffee.oh yeah ! If you are recently broken up as I am , this coffee maker -LRB- because of the high price -RRB- encourages you to not give up on life completely . By that I mean you just spent 180.00 on a coffee maker , life ca n't be all that bad if you can waste 180 bucks on something that makes coffee.At least it was n't prostitutes . .
 I am pleased with this coffee maker . I am not pleased with the information Amazon provided . According to Amazon , this coffee maker lists for $ 229.99 ; thus one supposedly saves 32 % by purchasing it for $ 157.00 from Amazon . This model is , however , Keurig 's Platinum model , which Keurig sells directly for $ 169.95 . It seems that Amazon is misleading customers by inflating the list price .
 My wife and I are coffee drinkers ! We would stop by Starbucks a couple of times a week for a cup of coffee . We bought bean coffee and ground it fresh when we made coffee at home . You can never get a real good cup of coffee if you make less than six cups . We would often make four and throw out one or two . A second problem is my wife likes real strong coffee and I prefer a middle blend . You can not make two types of coffee in one pot , no matter how hard you try . Once you buy a bag of coffee , you drink that until it is finished or you have multiple bags in the pantry.This system solved all our problems ! I can have two cups of fresh hot coffee in less than five minutes . One is a super extra bold for my wife ; the other is a Columbian for me . Variety is no longer a problem . We have about ten different types of coffee , including flavored and decaf in the house at any time . Anyone that can throw a switch can make an excellent cup of coffee . My brewer is set at 192 degrees and it makes HOT coffee.Price , buying from Keurig four packs at a time with free S&H ; with a discount , runs about fifty cents a cup . We have nothing but good things to say about this system . The B70 is a 12 oz cup and we feel the extra price is worth it.If you are drinking supermarket brand drip coffee , this is not what you want to buy . This is a system for serious coffee drinkers , who want choice , speed and a good coffee .
 I am very picky about my coffee , having been through French presses , vacuum pots , and various other contraptions I never thought something like this would win a place on my counter . I discovered how awesome these machines are while watching a friends house one week , and wanted one ever since . Coffee , coacoa , tea , and cold drinks by the cup means no more half wasted pots of coffee , whatever I want every cup , and no more waiting 15-20 minutes . With so many options , and a mesh cup to put regular coffee in , I wo n't be going back.UPDATE : Sadly the coffee maker completely died almost exactly 1 year after I purchased it . Even with cleaning , descaling and such it no longer functions correctly . There was no lead-up to this problem , I just went to make coffee one morning and the Keurig was n't pumping water into the cup . We could heat the pump working , the water was being pulled out of the water bin , but then nothing - or very little - happened . I do n't want to have to pay 180 $ to replace a coffee maker every year - that 's ridiculous!UPDATE 2 : Called Keurig , there response was `` Your coffee maker is slightly out of warranty , so we 'll just send you a NEW ONE ! '' WOHOO !! Great customer service brings them back up to 5 stars !
 I have been a Keurig fan for about a year and have been using a cheap entry level model you would find in nicer hotel rooms for that time . This father 's day my family got me one heck of an upgrade!The good1 . -RRB- Same great coffee that has made Keurig a part of my daily routine2 . -RRB- Larger brew sizes makes it easy to fill my largest coffee cup3 . -RRB- Iced coffee is an unexpected and loved addition to my summer beverage lineup4 . -RRB- Auto on timer makes it so I can have a cup of fresh coffee in about 20 seconds5 . -RRB- The water tank make for quick and less messy coffee than my old machine6 . -RRB- Looks great on the counterThe bad - Any negatives would be nit picking but here goes .1 . -RRB- Would like the water tank to be a little larger . We need to change it every 2-3 days and once a week would be awesome .2 . -RRB- A larger brew size would also be appreciated.In summary this is the best coffee I have ever had and it is easy to make . No more Starbucks or McD coffee for me .
 This was my 2nd Keurig - the 1st being a smaller machine for our camper . After reading reviews about not brewing , I decided to give it a go & if it malfunctioned , work thru a return.I did have problems with it not brewing and was cycling -LRB- opening & closing to register the k-cup -RRB- and ultimately called for support . They walked me thru clearing anything that might be blocking it . Worked fine for a while.Then quite by accident I found that if I did NOT turn the machine off after every use , I did n't seem to have this problem . Needless to say , I leave the machine on now all the time -LRB- except when we leave for vacations -RRB- and I have had no problems with it at all ! When it is always in ready mode , I do n't have any problems with brewing!LOVE this brewer ! I 'd love more latte options , but that does n't count against the brewer .
 At first I thought this was another gimmick . Then a friend of mine bought one and the coffee was n't too bad ... better than those pod things . Then my own coffee maker gave out and I bought the B70 at a very good price on Amazon.It 's fun exploring the different flavors of coffee . The coffee is a little more expensive than say a pound of ground coffee but if you 're like me , I poured out most of what was left because I did n't drink it all.What can I say ... I Love My Keurig !
 Love it . Everyone I asked about the Keurig raved about it , and it lived up to it 's hype . My only complaint is the travel cup size only fills up a large mug . The coffee it makes is quick and great .
 Used one of these at work , and really liked it . My existing coffee maker died , and we had to replace it so I bought this one . Works great . Wife loves it .
 So far the Keurig B 70 + My K-Cups seem to provide the easy and convenient flexibility we need to quickly custom make individual and various coffee strengths , sizes and varieties and to quickly make very good loose corse-leafed teas -LRB- discouraged by the My K-Cup directions BTW -RRB- . The K Cup selections are reported to be quite a few times larger than competitors which may serve our friends ... . while these can be OK , we prefer fresh ground Starbucks Sumatra and other bold coffees extracted from our fresh grinds in the My - K Cups.The $ 650 espresso machine and coffee maker are now in the pantry ... . time will tell if they stay there .
 Awesome product . Very easy to use . The programming feature is really easy to use and it allows you to set it and forget it . The water gets hot and it 's ready to go . If.you decide not to make coffee one day , no big deal , it just powers off after an hour -LRB- or whatever you have it set for -RRB- . The 5 cup sizes is nice and you can program which size you want to be the default.Pros
 I absolutely love this coffeemaker . This was an extremely worthwhile purchase . I love the ease , convenience and performance of this item . I purchased separately the water filter that can be installed and it makes a huge difference in the taste of the coffee . By having the ability to designate a temperature , your coffee can be consumed immediately . I love the selection of coffees available for this coffeemaker as well . So far , works perfectly and no complaints . Always ready whenever I would like a cup of coffee .
 This coffee maker is a dream ! Every cup is brewed correctly . You can have different types of coffee cup to cup if you want as well as tea , hot chocolate or just hot water for soup , etc. . No more wasted coffee and mess to clean-up . Highly recommend this unit to anyone who wants versatility in their coffee cup to cup , day to day , etc. .
 I never drank coffee till I bought this machine . It is a very good machine . The coffee , tea & other beverage selections are huge . Eveyone who uses the machine has a favorite and it makes drinking coffee fun & easy now . It was easy to set up , easy to progarm andhas a very fast time for brewing a good cup of coffee . No more guess work on getting a perfect cup each time
 I love my Keurig 70 it works wonderfully without any problems . It was shipped quickly & packaged nicely upon arriving . I ca n't complain about the price either it was a great packaged deal .
 This is my second Keurig Brewing System purchased from Amazon . The only reason I gave it a 4 star is because I wish it has a larger water reservoir . I drink coffee all the time -LRB- me bad -RRB- and it seems like I am always filling it . I would highly recommend this system to anyone who likes fresh coffee every time ... My first system was a B-60 and it was a lot noiser . This one is very quiet . I love it!I am on the automatic refill with Amazon ! I looked everywhere and you ca n't get coffee any cheaper and they have all the brands . Thank you Amazon!I had 14 people here for Christmas for 2 weeks and they all loved the Keurig . Everyone had the choice of what flavor they wanted and when they wanted it , so there was no wasted coffee and everyone had a fresh cup of their choice and all they had to do was push one button ... I gave my son a Keurig last year for Christmas and I gave my daughter my old B-60 when I bought this one . They are both as crazy about it as I am.I will never be without my K-cups . Thank you Keurig ... and Amazon .
 I love this machine and it makes a good cup of coffee . Not a great cup of coffee which i get from my Krups Burr Grind and Brew machine , but it is a good cup of coffee at the right tempurature . . Overall a fabulous tool to have in any kitchen ! I make coffee in the machine and it has a full flavor - not watery - and my husband makes green tea and it serves both of us GREAT ! Warning the green tea is strong and the ` pod ' can be used for 2 or 3 cups .
 Bought this for my boyfriend . I am not a coffee drinker . He loves it . Amazed at the speed of heat up and brewing capabilities , and ability to chose mug size is a nice addition . Crazy variety of kcup choices are available but expensive !!! Buy your own Kcup and put your favorite coffee in , it is more economical and better for the environment !
 We are very pleased with it . We have used Keurig for years .
 This is my first single serve machine , so I my comparison is to machines that make a pot of coffee.So far , I love this thing . I also bought a couple of the removable filters to use with my own coffee . I think the machine makes better coffee when using a K-Cup than the filters , but I do n't think it 's a great deal better . My only complaint -LRB- and it 's not really a complaint -RRB- is that this makes drinking coffee a little on the expensive side , assuming you use the K-Cups for every cup .
 The best thing I 've bought in a long time . Just a delight to use ...
 This is the single best buy EVER!Early morning coffee is seconds away.Everone who drinks coffee should have this machine .
 I received a Senseo for christmas , used it about 2 weeks and got fed up with the poor taste and lack of pod variety.Then I did a bunch of homework -LRB- should have done that pre-senseo -RRB- , and determined that the Keurig would be the best overall choice ... Best overall choice indeed ! I love love love love it so far -LRB- have had it about a week -RRB- . The only downside to this machine is there are so many varieties , in the morning I have been trying 2 - 3 different varieties and by that point I have hit my coffee limit for the day : -LRB- How is that a downside you ask ? Well the coffee produced by this machine is so delicious and refreshing -LRB- compared to the bland coffee I am accustomed to -RRB- that I want to keep drinking more and more !!
 We originally had the model below this one and pretty much wore it out over the year . When it finally died we got this model and it is ten times better . I love the different cup sizes , and custom brew temp . Also the blue leds in the base of the water holder are a nice touch .
 Brewer came with a Keurig water filter kit . Seems I 'm one of the first to receive the K75 . From the box to a great cup of coffee in no time . Came with some cofee samples . Received the brewer in 3 days . Let 's see how it holds up .
 I personally do not drink coffe or other caffeins . But , when I purchased this product for my girl , she was elated.She has been very happy with the way the product works . Well worth the money spent on it .
 Really like not wasting coffee . I bought the k-cup thingy that you can use your own coffee for when funds are too low to get the flavored coffees .
 I love this machine . It 's even better then my old Senseo pod machine . I never thought that was possible . Bravo !
 Love the light because the room it 's in is not always well lit and i can always see the water level . Love the large water capacity and mulitple brewing sizes . Great product !
 This is not our first Keurig . Our first was great too but we decided to buy a new one . You just ca n't beat these brewers . They are fantastic .
 This model is better than the basic Keurig . I really think if you ca n't brew the perfect cup of coffee , tea , hot chocolate , etc with this machine with its multiple cup size settings , then you just can not be pleased by anything ever !! I hate to go camping now because I ca n't take it with me !!
 I love this machine ! I bought this for myself as a Christmas gift and it has been the greatest gift ever ! I just had a baby recently and I do n't have the time or energy to brew coffee . I love the fact that there are so many different flavors to choose from . There are over 200 different flavor varieties . I like my machine for the instant pick me up . Put the K-cup in and push the button . Ta-dah ! Instant gratification.I 'm not sure if this is very cost effective if you drink a pot of coffee or more . If you buy a small K-cup package of 18 for 10 dollars you are paying about .56 cents per cup w/o tax . Costco sells boxes of 108 for 47.99 = .44 cents a cup . So , if you 're willing to pay for convenience , I 'd say go for it ! It 's also great to try different flavors of coffee or tea every day of the week ! Why not ?? It 's cheaper than Starbucks and so easy to use!The only draw back is that you have to experiment how much water to dispense . There are 5 buttons to choose from which dispense different amounts of water . Your coffee can get a bit watered down easily . It may also take a few K-cups to fill a travel coffee mug . According to the manual , if you use bold coffee , you should be able to use more water . The iced teas are wonderful ! Add ice to your cup and there you go ! Just make sure it 's not glass or it could break.My machine came with 60 K-cups and a re-usable filter . The K-cups are essentially a piece of plastic with the a mini filter and coffee grinds / or tea sealed with foil . If you want to be more `` green '' , there is a product online which enables to re-use your disposable K-cup . You peel of the foil and dispose and rinse out the grinds , dry out the cup , put your own grinds in , and then use the special K-cup re-usable lid . Supposedly , coffee tastes better this way then using the K-cup filter the company manufactures since the filter is just a metal like strainer . I do n't know because I have n't tried it but good to know there are options out there .
 My daughter bought one of these makers for her husband for Christmas and I fell in love with it . Had to have my own so I ordered it used from Amazon . It works perfect and I would recommend it to anyone . I also bought the caps so I could reuse the little coffee k cups works great .
 This was actually a gift for a dear friend , but the Keurig Platinum is simply the best , easiest and highest quality of the single cup brewing systems I 've used and purchased . Highly recommend it !
 I LOVED my Keurig when I first got it in July 2009 -- so much that I convinced a few of my friends to get one as well . It pumped out a delicious cup of coffee with no effort or preparation on my part . This was exactly what I needed
 I will say that the machine has worked well . It 's quick and super easy to clean . Best of all it makes a decent cup of coffe and I no longer waste coffee since I only make what I need . My only complaint is that the keurig cups are pretty weak . I like a strong cup and there is no way to adjust the strength of the coffee so it is a little weaker than I prefer . Once all the intro k cups are used I plan on using the reuseable filter cup to add an extra teaspoon to get a stronger cup.Overall , I like the machine and would recommend it but not the k cups .
 I love my Keurig B70 brewer ! It 's largest cup size is perfect for my regular cup of coffee . I love that there is no pot to clean ever , nothing left sitting around for me to clean up once I get home from work . It brews right into the cup I am drinking from , or taking with me . It is FABULOUS !!
 I just got my Keurig 2 weeks ago and love it . It 's Cinnamon Red just like my kitchen ! I have read review after review trying to decide between this and the Tassimo . The design is more attractive and of course the color had something to do with it . Also , the selection of Coffee by far surpasses the Tassimo . Some people think that the coffee is expensive and a waste but i find it just the opposite . I just cleaned my Cuisinart grind and brew and put it up for storage . Everyday i poured out coffee cause im the primary drinker in the house . My husband may drink a half a cup a day . Also I 've always wanted to make decaf in the evenings but did n't because i would pour out most of it . The Keurig allows you to drink what you want and when you want it . Also i find that with most k cups , i can get a smaller brew the second time which i use for a warm up . I also use it to instantly get hot water for my son 's oatmeal . I have read many negative reviews and my sister 's platinum just kicked the bucket after 1 week ! I hope that if there is a manufacturing defect in this product that Keurig will rectify it soon . The concept of this machine is amazing . Many mornings if I did n't set the Cuisinart the night before , I did n't make coffee at all ! Then off to the gas station i go to buy a cup for 1.39 ! By the time i get a 4 yr old out the door and a 4 mo. old 's stuff together , there was just no time in the morning ! Now i can brew a cup seconds before i leave the house !
 We are a household of die-hard coffee drinkers . As an early holiday present to ourselves , we bought this machine on Black Friday and started using it right away . It 's a very attractive appliance that looks good on the kitchen counter , or anywhere in the house or office , for that matter . When the unit is powered on , blue LED lights light up the water reservoir , which is pretty cool -LRB- sort of like underwater lights lighting up a swimming pool at night -RRB- , so you can see in the dark how much water is in it , and they thoughtfully blink when the water level is low . Oh , and the coffee is GREAT ! If you drink coffee from a mug , like we do , as opposed to a standard size coffee cup , you 'll probably need to set the cup size on the machine to its highest setting , and unfortunately the highest setting does n't quite fill a travel mug all the way to the top , but this is a minor quibble . We like this coffee maker mostly because we can brew a fresh cup anytime without a whole lot of fuss and without all the wait , either with a K-cup or regular store-bought ground coffee or home-ground . This wo n't replace our conventional multi-cup coffee maker , which we 'll still use when company comes , but we find it to be a very convenient Monday through Friday morning ritual . One negative experience , though - I bought the charcoal filter system that goes in the reservoir , but no matter how much I tried , it would n't install correctly , and there were no written instructions in the box . I used a bit too much force to make it `` click '' in , and the thing broke . Maybe that was just me , but I ended up returning the filter , and instead I bought a Brita water filter-pitcher , and that 's how we keep our Keurig filled with filtered water . I highly recommend this unit .
 This was an early christmas gift for me and so far its working awesome , just as expected . Not sure what other reviewers were talking about with the coffee not being hot enough , because this model allows you to set your own water temp , as well as select 5 different sizes . I bought it at Costco for $ 149.99 with 60 k-cups included and the my kcup as well , so a big savings right off the bat.I really enjoy having it ready to brew every morning when I get up , and by setting the timer , and auto off , it makes my mornings much more fun . I will definitely update if I have any problems in the future !
 Just ordered B70 , nice surprise , came with upgraded 72 oz water container . Sitting on granite , can barely hear the pump , very quiet , and working well , with std Ks and also My K with our own coffee .
 I 've had lots of coffee makers in my time , but never had one that could make a cup of coffee in less than a minute , with every cup being the same quality.It looks great on my counter -LRB- with the chrome body -RRB- , and the blue light adds to the decor . All that aside , I have it set to start up just before I wake so I can pop in a k-cup and have a cup for the road . I found myself never having coffee at home before i got this , because it took so much effort to get it going and brew a pot , etc. . Now , I can simply pop one in , put the cup under , and pull it out in 30 or so seconds.I have cappuccino , donut shop coffee , decaf columbian , millhouse coffee 's foglifter , and a couple of others . I absolutely love it .
 LOVE LOVE LOVE This !!!!!! So easy , fast and delish !! each cup , no matter if tea , coffee . . havent tried hot coco . . yet . . easy to use , 5 sizes allow for iidividual taastes ...
 Decided to buy this item used . I do not regret my purchase at all . I use this thing everyday . It turns on , I wake up , pop in a kcup and get ready . I always have an awesome cup of coffee waiting for me when I 'm done . I 'm so happy that I invested in this unit . NO complaints .
 This is the 2nd one I have owned . The Keurigs are notorious for the water pump problems . I love this machine , but if the pump goes out after 12-18 months , this will be the last one !
 Everyone was raving about the Keurig single cup brewing system . This system is great because it brews the right amount and it 's quick too . Brew as many cups as you want but it makes enough for each person .
 I absolutely LOVE this coffee maker . I am a new mother working full time and I ca n't survive the day without coffee in the morning . My daughter just turned 5 months old and I have learned that I must simplify my daily routine wherever possible . This coffee maker is so convenient it has changed my mornings and there is no preparation needed the night before . Just refill with water every few days and it 's always ready to go . LOVE IT !
 I decided to get one of these machines because my espresso maker finally died . Sometimes you just want one cup of coffee and you do n't want to have to travel across town to get one . After some research this one seemed the logical choice . I thought about buying one of the new ones , but decided to take a chance one at half price . When my coffee maker arrived , I was disappointed because inside was very wet and although it would start up , it would not process . I emailed the provider , and she ran me through a few steps to try . They failed , and she told me she would send another machine -LRB- without the accessories -RRB- . It arrived a couple of days later , and works like a charm . Thanks so much for a great buying experience .
 It was bought as a gift for my wife . She has wanted one for a while . This one does a great job and we both love it . We like the pre-programmed cup sizes -LRB- 5 different sizes -RRB- and the large reservoir . The blue lighting also makes for a great looking counter piece .
 I been using this machine for more than 6 months and I love it . I am the only coffee drinker in the house so this is perfect for me.I highly recommend this product .
 Works great . Brews within 30 seconds , and is ready to brew again in about 15 seconds . Love the ability to choose the cup size .
 I live in Denver , the mile-high city , and have had similar problems to those mentioned by others -- message says ready to brew , k-cup inserted , gurgling sound made , but no water comes out . Descaling and cleaning the needle only helped for 4 or 5 cups and then the problem would return . I did read somewhere to brew 3 or 4 cycles without a k-cup every now and then which seemed to help more , but also seemed pretty wasteful.I have had this coffee maker for a couple of years , so my initial romance was turning into a love-hate relationship and it was getting very tiresome . One of my coworkers just bought a new Cuisinart so I thought maybe that might be a better alternative as I love the convenience , selection , and quality of k-cup brewing . So on to the internet I charged , only to discover that the reviews of the Cuisinart are about the same as the Keurig that I already own.But in my reading I came across a post from Dominick in Parker , CO who suggested the problem was because high altitude causes a pressure build up in the k-cup and puncturing it with a paper clip before brewing will relieve it . I have only done this a couple of times , but I 'm optimistic that it will solve my problem . I love this machine and do n't really want to abandon it . Since I 'm now in that forgetful stage of life , I 've inserted a paper clip in the drip tray to remind me to puncture that sweet little cup before inserting in the k-cup holder.As my 5-star review indicates , I would purchase this brewer again and would recommend it to you as well . But if you will use it at high altitude , I suggest you keep this in mind . If you would like to read Dominik 's review , it 's dated April 16 , 2011 .
 After reading the mixed reviews I was skeptical about purchasing the Keurig B70 Platinum . However , I found this coffee maker for $ 30 - $ 40 cheaper at a store , cheaper than the stores website or any other site on the internet which gave me more incentive to purchase it . Plus the B70 included a variety of 60 K-Cups and a K-Cup reusable filter which allows you to use your own ground coffee ... Phenomenal deal , assuming I do n't run into the myriad problems others have alluded to in their reviews . If I incur any issues , I will return it back to Costco.For the time being , I 'm giving the Keurig B70 , 5 stars because it was very easy to set up and use . The coffee was not as strong as what I 'm accustomed to but that may be a result of my choice in brand/flavor K-Cup . I am a one cup per day drinker , coffee of course ;-RRB- so I will update my review in a few months . Hopefully my rating wo n't change .
 I received used Keurig from a shop that served it regularly -LRB- they went out of business -RRB- . It has worked great from the get-go . I am amazed at the variety of K-cups there are . I only drink decaf , but have on hand a few regular cafe for friends and family . Only one I did n't like was the hot cider , it was sooo weak . I got away with the half cafe for three days and then came the roaring headache . I set it aside too . But I love my keurig and would n't give it up for love or money .
 I love my Keurig coffee maker . And , like another reviewer , mine quit heating after only one month . Unlike the other reviewer , Keurig not only replaced my coffee maker , but also gave me a brand new warranty . How can you beat that ? My only reservation with the B70 is that it does not have a temperature control adjustment . A close friend has the B60 -LRB- which is less expensive -RRB- and that unit does . Makes no sense ... What is the difference ? I end up brewing my coffee and then immediately heating it in the microwave for 2 minutes . If you like HOT coffee , by all means buy Keurig . But I suggest saving a few dollars and buying the B60 ... You wo n't regret it !
 Got this for a three coffee drinker / one hot choc office . Nice that everyone can have what they want when they want . Wish we had the means to hook up water .
 I have nothing bad to say about this product . It makes an excellent cup of coffee in record time , and the five preset cup sizes offer enough versatility to perfectly accommodate whichever mug I happen to grab from my eclectic collection . Plus , I no longer need to throw out that dregs-ridden last cup that nobody will ever drink . It 's an all-around winning situation .
 This coffee maker is great.It makes great coffee.I have purchased two of these in the last five months -LRB- one as a gift , not to go on my nightstand -RRB- . The price seems steep , and it is . But you get pretty close to what you pay for . It has proven to be a high quality machine.It makes a pretty damn good cup of coffee . `` Pretty damn good '' , not amazing , or the best ever . I mean , it 's basically a hot drip coffee maker . Let 's not give it magical properties . The coffees goodness can be attributed to it 's freshness more than anything . The coffee it self is air tight sealed until the moment of brewing and the brewed coffee is only 5 seconds old before it hits your lips . The rest of the goodness can be attributed to the convenience.If you actually enjoy coffee , you will enjoy this machine . If you are just as satisfied with some swill from the 7-11 , do n't waste your time .
 This coffee maker is the best out there . It brews coffee at a much higher temp and coffee is always consistent . When there was a small issue with the the coffee maker , Keurig 's service was outstanding . Bravo !
 I could not love this coffee maker more . I do not have a negative thing to say about it . It warms up quickly , it brews quickly , and there is a great variety of coffee and other drinks to choose from . I used to buy two lattes a day . I am saving so much money with this coffee maker and I do not miss my expensive specialty drinks . I researched the one cup coffee makers for quite awhile before I bought this one and it is one of the best purchases I have ever made !
 The jury is still out with me concerning the longevity of the Keurig dispensers . My first Keurig functioned for approximately 20 months . I like the concept of the single cup , and I was satisfied with my first Keurig -LRB- while it worked -RRB- , so I 'm trying this more advanced model . First , it was easy to set up , and it made a great cup of coffee . An advantage of this model is its greater selection of ` cup sizes ' than my previous model , which lets you make a 12 oz cup if you so desire . Also has a greater water reservoir capacity . Overall , I like this model better , and I hope it lasts longer than my first .
 Great coffee maker - has five cup sizes , can do cold and hot drinks , has a timer . Has everything that you would like . Great value .
 We were both a little hesitant , but we just love this little machine . It warms up fast from off , looks nice on the counter and most important we can each have what we want - robust French roast for him flavored coffee , tea or cider for me ! Each time is a new choice . A second cup no problem . We waste less coffee and each cup is fresh . We drink lots of hot beverages at home , I estimate 40 K Cups per week , so my only hesitation is the waste generated from the containers . But the convenience makes up for that .
 I purchased this second hand and it was like new . I use it everyday . The coffee is always fresh and hot . Well worth the cost .
 Great coffee maker ! Do n't know how I got by without it . I live alone and now it is so simple for me . Also when I have guests how great it is that they can choose what kind of coffee they want . Instead of `` Well all I have is this brand or flavor is this ok ? '' not anymore they love choosing a brand and new flavor ! What a great investment for me .
 Question , What is strength of the coffee for 6oz vs 12oz ? How do you change the strength from 6oz to 12oz for B70 Model ?
 This machine was given to me as a Christmas present and has been well used and much appreciated . It was simple to set-up and program , super easy to clean , refill and no real maintenance has been required almost 8 months later . No cans of coffee or filters taking up space in my cabinets , no coffee stains to clean up off the counter or coffee pot to scrub down . It fits multiple size mugs and has a very conveniant programmable on/off feature . It is so easy to pop a cup in before I get in the shower and it 's ready when I go to walk out the door . I am always finding free samples of different K-cups online and even always seem to find flavors on sale or clearance from Macy 's to the Christmas Tree Store so I have not found that to be a huge expense . I highly recommend this product for low-volume coffee drinkers .
 Let me start by saying I HATED cleaning my coffeepot ... I 'm the only one who drinks coffee , and I make it before work , so it was usually not done brewing when I would pour & go . By the time I got home it had sat there all day and was nasty . My wife would n't do it -LRB- reasonably -RRB- since she does n't drink coffee.For this reason I had slowly migrated to buying coffee on the way to work , and spending $ 2-3 or more per day for a decent cup.Enter the Keurig ... brewing takes less than 60 seconds , right into my travel mug , and no mess to clean up ! I buy Starbucks and Green Mountain Extra Bold flavors , plus some others for variety , and my coffee tastes WAY better than the stuff I would make in my old pot . . for about 50 cents a cup -LRB- even Starbucks is this cheap if you buy large boxes . -RRB- If you are like me and you buy coffee from Starbucks , Caribou , Tim Hortons , Dunkin' , etc. every day , and you want to save money , then a Keurig brewer is a great investment which will pay off in just a few months.And it 's nice when you have company as you can offer each guest whatever kind of coffee they like . I have the 30-cup carousel and we keep several flavors on hand for those occasions ... it 's fun!The only people who should not get a Keurig , are those who always brew at home with a traditional pot and drink it all , or those who grind your own coffee for the flavor . If you are one of them , then this machine is probably not for you , as there 's no real cost or time advantage vs. those methods .
 Everything works as advertised . Once I started trying their various coffees , I realized just how bad the coffee I had been buying was . Yeah , I know that at ~ 60 cents a cup it ai n't cheap , but once you find a coffee you really like , you 're not going back ! Oh , and it spoils you , too . No more cleaning up messes from coffee grounds . So for all the aggravation a lot of us go through to make our daily -LRB- or hourly for some -RRB- coffee , I 'll have to say I 'm glad I bought it . Just pop in your K-Cup and you 've got your drink in under a minute . Then just throw away the used K-Cup . I knocked off one star for the high price . Be sure to register your machine for their deal .
 This product came just as expected . Works great !!!! Very happy with the purchase . Would recommend to anyone who wants a quick but great coffee !
 My wife loves it !! It has programmable sizes and times , this certainly makes for a great morning when your coffee is ready and waiting for you !!
 I had a Mr. Coffee single cup brewer for over 2 years and I had no issues with it . I received this as a Christmas gift this year and I must say , I do n't miss my Mr. Coffee one bit.I love the water reservoir and cup sizing brew options on this unit -LRB- the bottom slides out easily for bigger travel mugs -RRB- . It also let 's you select the temperature of your coffee and makes brews for iced drinks as well . The brew time is also super fast , within 10 seconds ! It 's a great machine so far and hopefully I wo n't have any big issues as I have read with the heating element and such.I have a regular coffee pot but I ca n't remember the last time I used it . It must be over 5 years ! I would recommend this to anyone who loves coffee and not everyone in the household wants some of those wasted 12-cups as we had grown up with .
 I was told about this product by a friend . Wow I love it.Not sure how I lived with out it . Will tell my friends .
 I love is perfect and works great !! the price is also very good compared to other stores . . . . . .
 Love it , love it , love it ! I still think its pricy for a coffee maker , but I do love it !
 Love my Keurig . I hesitated getting this pot due to the expense of the K-cups . But since I bought it , it has been worth it . My husband gets up earlier than I do and always before , I have had to get my coffee after it had been made 30 or more minutes before . So now I can get up and get a fresh cup . Also I like being able to make different coffee flavor/brand choices . My husband likes one brand/flavor better than I do , so he can choose that one and I can choose one that I prefer . So it 's been worth it for that . Also after some trial and error and price-searching , we have found some economical brands to use for our day-t0-day use and we can purchase some of the pricier brands that we like for company and/or special occasions . It is also VERY helpful when we have company and someone wants de-caf and someone else wants &#34; regular &#34; , or someone wants a stronger/bolder blend and someone else prefers a milder blend . So this has been great .
 I have had this machine for almost a year now and never had any problem . You get a perfect cup of coffee every time . It 's easy to use and its fast .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my husband . He loves it !!! He used to always have to drive to gas station everyday before he goes to school/work . But now ever since he has this keurig , he can just make a cafe-quality coffee at home easily and with a much more affordable price .
 I purchased my machine from Costco more than a year ago and has been using it every morning . I find many of the one star comments curious and unsettling . My experience with this machine has been 5 stars . No complaint whatsoever . So , either I got real lucky and purchased a super machine , or these people are idiots who do not know how to operate this simple machine . I am planning to buy another one for my vacation home because I am happy with the one I have.Later , I bought another one because I was so happy with the first one . Then I reazlie alot of the problem and complants may have been caused by hard water in many parts of the country . I think if everyone follow the instructions and use only purified or filtered water , then the machine should work without a glitch .
 So when my oldest daughter received the smallest Keurig model as a Christmas present a couple of years ago , I smirked at it and thought it would make terrible coffee - as I was cleaning out my grinder and espresso coffee maker in my five minute routine for ` the best ' coffee . Off to the store we went to buy some K-cups . We got back home , plugged it in , filled it with water , popped in the k-cup , and out came a shocking surprise . This was actually really good coffee.It was n't two weeks later that I had bought my own Keurig - the Platinum edition . Since that purchase , I have only used the espresso machine once ... why do all that work for something that is only marginally better ? My whole family loves coffee and we have 5 or more cups a day out of this unit . So far it has been flawless - one year after purchase.There are a couple features of the Platinum unit that I prefer over the other units . First is all the programming options . I love waking up and walking into the kitchen and the Keurig is ready to go . Turned on and heated up . You can choose the size of the default cup for you along with how long it stays on , the temperature of the water , etc. . Lots of nice features . The most important to me was the option to have a 11 oz cup size . This is only available on the Platinum edition . For the really dark roasted coffee , which we love , this is our cup size of choice.Pros : o great coffeeo great variety of coffeeso fast cupo easy cleanupCons : o k-cups cost more than other coffee options , but still much cheaper than at your local drive-thruOverall - I highly recommend this unit . We love it and use it many times a day .
 April 2012-I got myself this machine after using another Keurig model at work . It 's only been a couple of weeks but I 've had no problems . I did buy this refurbished so I 'm hoping the kinks were worked out before I received it . I 'm going to be doing a rolling review and update since there are so many complaints about this model.I 'm looking forward to great tasting coffee and less waste . My husband & I were notorious for making a full pot of coffee and not finishing it . It 's been nice to not have to pour coffee down the drain for the last couple of weeks.Keeping my fingers crossed that there will be no negative updates !
 I like my coffee on the extra-bold side -LRB- my fav . blends are the Starbucks Sumatra and Italian roasts -RRB- so I was a bit skeptical at first about how this brewer would perform . I decided to buy the Platinum mainly because I wanted to be able to make a travel mug full of coffee in the morning for the drive to work and it offered more brewing size choices -LRB- up to 11.25 oz -RRB- . After trying a number of different bold K-cup blends I quickly realized that the K-cups simply did n't contain enough coffee to brew a travel mug to my taste . The smaller brew sizes tasted fine ... the 9.25 oz was `` OK '' at best - but the 11.25 oz was too weak to even try and suffer through . I could brew 2 K-cups to fill my mug and be happy with the flavor , but that made my mug more expensive than stopping off at Starbucks on my way to work . I was also a little bothered by throwing away all of that plastic - not the most `` environmentally friendly '' cup of coffee ! Then I noticed that a colleague of mine was using the K-cup reusable filter -LRB- something that I had already been thinking about -RRB- and she said that it was the only way she could get a strong cup of coffee and encouraged me to try it.I have been using my Keurig B70 Platinum for about 4 months now and I am happy to say that I 'm very pleased with it . The reusable K-cup filter is quick and easy to deal with and it makes a very tasty 9.25 oz mug of coffee -LRB- I brew the Starbucks Sumatra -RRB- and a passable 11.25 oz mug . I pretty much stick with the 9.25 oz brew size . I typically only use it in the morning , so I have it set to turn on just after I wake up and then it turns off automatically after sitting idle for an hour.As much as I like the Keurig , I gave it a four star rating for two reasons ... 1 . It makes a mess of splashed coffee on and around the maker even when brewing into a tall travel mug . 2 . It wo n't brew at the largest cup size to my taste - this is perhaps more of a problem with the K-cup reusable filter . There are other reusable filters on the market , so I may look to see if there is one that has a larger filter basket . If I come across one that does , I 'll update this review.Summary
 We purchased our 1st Keurig B70 on 11/18/2010 . Used it yesterday morning no problems . This morning it quit , no power . Purchased another B70 today for about $ 10.50 more under warranty . These make great coffee quick , convenient and no waste , when you are only making one or two cups . Like others have said , the K-cups are more expensive now but I like the taste and convenience . We usually make two cups a day and on occasion maybe one more for me .
 Pro : I love that I can set it to be on hot and ready to brew for when I wake up in the morning ! It 's FAST , reliable , easy , clean , LOVE LOVE.CON
 I always wanted a keurig and Im really glad I bought it . The coffee and cocoas are soooo good . Even the iced teas are delivious . Totally in love in with it . No problems . Using my pur and brita filters to filter the water for it . So great ! Also the b70 has more settings and a bigger reservoir !
 I have had my Keurig for a few weeks now and I absolutely love it ! I ca n't find a single thing wrong with it .
 I love love love this machine !! It 's so easy to make a single cup of coffee , and just the right size . We were wasting so much coffee before , so we decided to buy this ... best decision ever !! : -RRB- No complaints here !!
 This is my third Keurig machine in just over 5 years . I love the convenience , and I keep buying replacement machines . However , if this breaks in under 2 years I may switch to a different `` instant '' coffee machine manufacturer.It 's really confusing figuring out which Keurig model to go with . Save yourself some trouble and just buy this one , since I already did research and bought this model . Peace .
 Finally a cofee pot ready for me . So easy to use and always ready for my next cup without the hassle
 I love coffee . My husband loves coffee . However , we do not wake up at the same time in the morning and brewing full pots or trying to brew portion sizes in our 12-cup coffeemaker seemed to be wasting a lot of coffee + filters . Now I want to say I LOVE myCuisinart CHW-12 Coffee Plus 12-Cup Programmable Coffeemaker with Hot Water System , Black/Stainlesshowever , it seemed I was always having to show my husband how to change the features on it or answering questions on how much coffee vs. how much water.I 've wanted a Keurig for quite a while but could never justify the cost vs. a regular drip brew considering how much coffee we do go through . I finally decided to pull the trigger recently and have been enjoying a variety of flavors with no-mess and hassle-free use . I 'm still in the experimental stages of flavors and getting it `` just right '' since there are 5 size options but I truly can not believe the convenience of owning this.Additionally , I wanted to mention we bought this new , directly from Amazon and in the box was a fold-out card explaining that this B70 Platinum brewer has recently been upgraded and now has a 72 ounce reservoir . I 'm hoping that the issues I 've read when researching Keurig systems were also addressed when they tweaked this B70 . All in all , the 12 ounce increase in reservoir is a very pleasant surprise and has not gone unused at all.Also , this B70 Platinum that we received has a `` hinged '' door on the top of the reservoir that you can lift and pour water directly into the reservoir without removing it from the actual base . This is obviously different from the current product picture which shows only a solid one-piece cover for the reservoir . I have been solely using this hinged opening to add water and I find it extremely convenient.I will update my review if my feelings change regarding this product or any issues occur either during or beyond the warranty period.Edit 8/29/2012 : I will not change my rating on this item mainly because of the great customer service available from Keurig . On 8/24 I contacted Keurig regarding an issue with my B70 indicating `` PRIME '' 3x in a 24 hour period . After reviewing the tutorial on the Keurig website and others on YouTube , I re-seated the reservoir , cleaned out the needles and made sure everything was lined up correctly each time this happened . After the 3rd incident , I contacted Keurig 's customer service.After going through a fairly short checklist , mainly confirming the steps I went through after receiving the `` PRIME '' message , the customer service rep walked me through the warranty process . I should be receiving my replacement B70 today which he did state was a brand new product -LRB- considering this was less than 30 days old to begin with -RRB- and I will need to return a `` part '' from the Keurig machine after the replacement arrives . Very smooth process on handling the warranty issue and it does renew the warranty . Obviously I 'm disappointed that the machine had such extreme issues this early on and was hoping the new reservoir would have reduced the chance of the pump issue but I am thoroughly satisfied with this company 's resolution .
 My wife and I love this machine . We purchased ours after visiting a cousin that had one and brewed us some coffee one morning . We were hooked !! We enjoyed our Keurig B-70 Platinum for about 8 months at which time it started having some problems and finally failed completely two weeks past the warranty period . I called Keurig 's Customer Support expecting a hassle but was very pleasantly surprised when Mitch walked me through some brief troubleshooting steps . Mitch said that the machine would be replace at no cost to me within 3 - 7 days . We will be without our machine for about a week but we are still happy customers . Hopefully the replacement will last as long as one of the other reviewers posted his replacement unit has lasted -LRB- more than 3.5 years and counting -RRB- . I will update this review if the replace fails.I love coffee and tea and this machine makes both wonderfully . The kids like hot chocolate so this machine was heavily used and well liked . I would and have recommended this to others as well as giving them as gifts .
 I love having this machine . It keeps me sane during late nights and busy days at the office . We have our own coffee machine in the office but I do not like what the company has bought so I had another one in my office - all to myself.I love the product . It creates a great tasting brewed coffee that is soothing to the taste . It is simple , elegant and functional . I would n't want any other .
 The cup sizes that this thing pours is small but once you get used to it it 's a great item if you like tea our coffee
 So far I have had this machine for about 2 weeks and I love it ! Coffee is always fresh and quick .
 I absolutely love this coffee maker ! It gives you a fresh cup of coffee , tea , or hot chocolate every time . One of the best coffee makers I 've purchased .
 We upgraded to the B70 from the B60 after having that model for a couple of years . I really like the design of the B70 Platinum significantly better . The tank is a little larger and much easier to remove and fill because of the shape . The additional features and larger screen menu system are great . Even the drip tray is easier to pull out and replace . It 's overall a great improvement over the B60 . Much quieter too . Love this unit and would highly recommend it . Keurig is the bomb .
 Was a little hesitant about buying this coffee maker due to some of the bad reviews , However
 I love my Keurig . We also bought a 3 year protection plan for it as I have read that they seem to stop working for no reason AFTER the first year , which is the end of the company warranty .
 This is a great coffee maker , as in our home , everyone likes different flavors , and therefore , this is the best of all worlds . It would be great if we could get the coffee a little bit cheaper as it can be expensive . It comes with a couple of free boxes when you purchase directly from Keurig 's online , but I find it frustrating that many of the more exotic flavors are now discontinued.The coffeemaker does need periodic decalcification -LRB- after about 6 months -RRB- . It appears to be very reliable .
 I have purchased two of these brewers for two different homes . One has worked without a hitch for more than 2 years and I absolutely love i. Unfortunately the other one would not turn on after about 6 months of use . I called the company to see if there were anything I could do to fix it . After answering a couple quick questions the woman in customer service asked me to send a small part back to the company and they would send me a brand new brewer in return . They did just that . In two days I had a brand new brewer and I have not had a problem with it since . I am a little bothered that the product broke so quickly but their impressive customer service mitigates all of my concerns . I strongly recommend this brewer . Unlike some of the other pod coffee makers , the K-cups are available everywhere in a very wide selection of coffees , teas and cocoas .
 We got a Keurig unexpectedly as a gift for Christmas.I had used other single serve coffee makers off and on for a few years and did n't really care for any of them . This one sat in the box for several days before we opened and tried it out.OMG !!!! This is the greatest thing since sliced bread ! Before , one of us had to compromise on what kind of coffee to make , how much to make , -LRB- I like mine fresh , my partner will drink yesterday 's leftover coffee . I like strong coffee , she likes medium roast , come on , you all know the drill -RRB- ... LOL Ours came with 5 boxes of lots of different kinds of coffee and tea blends . We tried them all and now have our favorites . It is like being in a fine coffee house drinking coffee from freshly roasted beans , a real treat!When we are not home , we miss our K-Cups ! The first thing we do when we come in is turn on the coffee maker and ca n't wait to get our first cup ! MMMMMMMMEven the blend that I like which is Dark French Roast , Extra Bold is never strong or bitter , just `` Bold '' and rich tasting.WE LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE THIS COFFEE MAKER AND ALL THE COFFEES WE HAVE TRIED !
 The Keurig Platinum brewer arrived on my doorstep two months ago from MS&L ; Group North America for demo purposes regardless of my reviews , and it has been performing perfectly since I set it up . Right out of the box it was easy to set up and took only 15 minutes to clean , fill with water and get it ready for my first cup of coffee . One really cool feature you noticed right away was the blue lighting under the water reservoir and the blue display LCD Control Panel.The LCD panel is the brains of the operation , you can decide what cup size to brew , small cup , small mug , large mug , travel mug or iced beverage setting . Each one brews to a specific amount of fluid so you can tweak your desired strength of beverage to your personal taste . Now , you become the Barista and decide how you want your coffee , and without the wait or hassle ! If you wake up dragging your feet perhaps you need a small cup of espresso or maybe you the sun is shining and birds are singing and you are looking for a light , full-bodied large mug of Morning Roast coffee . In either case with a simple touch of a button , adding your special K-cup blend and pressing the handle brings you a fresh cup of coffee your way!The cleaning of the unit is also very straightforward . The drip tray holds 12oz of overflow and is easy to remove , rinse and replace . The K-Cup holder Assembly simply snaps out and back in and can either be hand washed or placed onto the top shelf of a dishwasher . Once in a while you may need to clean the Funnel or Exit needle but a simple clog due to grinds can be expressed with a small paperclip pushed up into the needle to loosen the clog . If you live in a heavy lime area instructions to handle De-scaling are included and require you to use white vinegar run through a few brewing cycles and the machine will be good as new.Enough on the setup and procedures , the real reason this review is being written is to discuss the wonderful beverage selections possible with the Keurig beverage System . There are over 200 varieties of K-Cups so you will never tire of the same old coffee or tea day after day . I prefer to experiment with the blends and actually create some flavor profiles of my own . For instance I like to mix a small brew of Green Mountain Mocha Nut Fudge with Caribou Coffee Caribou Blend . The flavors blend well together and give you almost a liquid snickers bar taste . The blends I 've found most flavorful were from Caribou Coffee , Green Mountain Coffee , Timothy 's , Tully 's and Gloria Jeans . They do make a reusable coffee filter but with so man choices why bother unless you crave that special blend needed to get you through the day . That 's not to say that the other blends out there are not superb in their own way , I just prefer the medium and light roasts of the blends previously mentioned . Once in a while I 'll build up to an Extra Bold or Dark Roast for that extra kick in the pants , but not too often . There are also some really wonderful teas in the K-Cup line and I 'd be remiss if I did n't discuss the subtle flavors that emanate from the freshly steeped tea . Twinings , Bigelow , Gloria Jeans , Timothy 's and Celestial Seasonings all have some really nice tea profiles.I will say that I 've been sadly disappointed with the Hot chocolate blends and honestly disgusted with Timothy 's White Hot Chocolate . The box states '' ... decadent white chocolate infused with hints of cream and vanilla ... '' but that is far from the truth . Imagine an overly sweetened cup of warm milk with a white chocolate Easter bunny left to melt in the cup , and that 's being nice ! The flavor was way too sweet , and looked like skim milk as it was being brewed . The Green mountain Hot Cocoa certainly was n't this bad but it too was very sweet and lacked any depth of chocolate flavor . My suggestion is to stick with packets of your favorite hot cocoa and brew hot water into your cup from the Keurig and then add the cocoa and stir.To sum up the entire review and testing of this machine I would say that it earns 10 whisks out of 10 on Chef 's Scott 's demo rating system . The machine is easy to setup , and clean , wonderful to operate and maintain and allows you to create individual flavor profiles without the large brewing mess . Now each guest can have his or her specific blend without brewing pot after pot coffee or tea . You will not be disappointed with your purchase of this machine and I look forward to coming back in a few months with an additional review to let you know how it 's been performing . Until then - happy brewing !
 Originally purchased a B60 model and loved it so much that I also purchased two more for my children and their families . Mine died and I then upgraded to the B70 model . It is the quietest coffee maker I ever owned . Highly recommend . Coffee -LRB- whatever kind -RRB- at the push of a button . Who could ask for more .
 This is a great coffee maker . It 's fast and convenient , and the coffee tastes great , too .
 great product !! am enjoying it every day ! good response to turning it on ...
 I always hated getting up and brewing a 4 cup pot of coffee just for me as no in else in my house drinks coffee . Often wasted 2 cups or more . Almost did n't seem worth the mess . Then my brother-in-law turned on to the Keurig line . It has raised my coffee drinking from something to drink at breakfast to get going to something fun . I enjoy buying different varieties of coffee and having a different one every day . I love my Keurig so much , I bought one for the office . My coworkers love it also and some have bought one for home use . It is a little noisy when others in the house are asleep but , as far as I know , I have n't woken anybody up .
 I bought the Keurig B70 as a gift for my wife . She had wanted a more traditional coffee maker but I bought this based on reviews and the fact that we drink coffee sporatically through the day rather than a whole pot at a time . The quality of the coffee is fantastic ! The K cups give you endless options as far as flavors / grinds / types etc. . . When you balance out the cost per cup your probably spending $ .55 per cup but when you compare to a Starbucks $ 3.00 / cup its a bargain . We also bought the re-usable K-cup that you put your own coffee in and its nice in case you 're out of K-cups , but its kind of a pain to wash out the grounds and clean the fine screen . We have also enjoyed the teas and hot cocoa . With hot cocoa you can skip the k-cup and just put swiss miss in a mug , pull out the k cup holder and let the B70 fill the mug w / hot water.The extra size coffee cups that are available on the B70 are a plus although even the largest size does not fill my travel mug . I just brew an extra bold variety to produce a large and then without changing K cups I brew again on the smallest setting and it fills my cup up ! Using the extra bold allows me to do this without watering down the flavor.All in all I love this coffee maker and hope that it lasts a long time !
 My husband surprised me with this for Christmas after we saw a commercial for it on television . I did not get a good night 's sleep for two weeks after receiving this gift ... . not because I was drinking MORE coffee , but because I was DREAMING about waking up in the morning to have more coffee . I love my Keurig so much ! Initially , I was worried about the cost of buying K-cups , but actually we are not wasting coffee in a pot anymore , or having to drink leftover coffee , so it really is worth it in the long run , plus - being able to have a fresh cup in literally less than a minute 's wait , PLUS - having the flavor of your choice!Some of the reviewers stated how the coffee is weak , but I drink my coffee strong and have not had a problem with it ! The smaller the cup , the stronger the coffee . I am using the Bold French Roast , and Timothy 's Tropical Espresso - they are both sooooo good ! The weakness of the coffee depends on what kind you buy . The Keurig comes with a sampler box and I tried some that were in there . The French Vanilla is extremely weak ; the hazelnut is good in a small cup . I made some Earl Grey tea and it was very decent , especially because I was drinking it within a minute of brewing it . I am looking forward to trying the iced tea/coffee feature and trying the hot chocolate -LRB- when Amazon gets it back in stock -RRB- . All in all , I would have to say that this is one of the best gifts I 've ever received ! I absolutely love it !!! *** EDIT
 We used a commercial Keurig for a year from our water service and so we bought the B70 and stopped renting a commercial Keurig . We love the coffee and to be able to get each of our favorite flavors . Works great and was delivered on time even the day before Christmas . Great value and great job well done .
 I received this about 2 weeks ago -LRB- it was an early xmas gift -RRB- . So far so good ! I absolutely love it . My husband was very skeptical at first and wanted to make a `` full pot '' of coffee on the weekends , etc. . Well , now we can both have a fresh hot cup of amazing coffee or tea anytime of the day or night and as many as we want without having to `` make a new pot '' . He is now converted . For a really strong cup of coffee I recommend the Green Mountain Espresso Extra Bold blend ... spectacular . The Green Mountain k cups are actually pretty reasonable ! I still had a big bag of Starbucks whole beans so I bought the `` My K Cup '' filter through Green Mountain coffee and i even got a free coffee grinder when I joined their Cafe Express club -LRB- no cost and discounted prices on K Cups -RRB- . Now we have the best of both worlds ! I can even use it just for hot water and use my own tea . The water is not just warm , it is really hot ... just like from the tea kettle ! I have only had it for a few weeks that is why I gave 4 stars . Highly recommend .
 We had the Melitta , the Black and Decker , and now the Keurig for a year . It is by far the best ! Hot , on-time , great coffee . The flavors always change and there are such varieties to choose from ! This stands out above the rest !
 Already owned a Keurig Coffee Make and upgraded to this model . This is the best coffee maker I have ever owned . Makes a delicious fresh and hot cup of coffee anytime . In addition , you can try different flavors of coffee , tea or hot chocolate anytime . Would definitely recommend this product !
 My hubby wanted a Keurig because they had the nice big industrial ones in Iraq , I asked him who bought it , he told me that Keurig sent them a ton of free Keurigs , and they sent them a bunch of boxes of coffee , enough to cover hundreds of soldiers at a fob for 2 rotations , to many fobs . With so many crap companies , with crap customer support , most of them do n't stand behind their own products , and this company does more than that , just thought this might make a difference to some people debating buying one of these .
 I absolutely love my Keurig , and I 'll tell you why ... I 'll also tell you why I 'm only giving it 4 out of 5 stars.I bought the Keurig when I decided to purchase a traditional electric coffee maker , but the good quality coffee makers were all the large 12-cup kind , and the smaller ones were n't very good . Amazon reviews pointed me to the Tassimo and Keurig pod-type machines , which turned out to be the perfect solution.First off , I think it is a well-built machine . After a couple of years of use -LRB- granted , I do n't use mine every single day -RRB- , it 's still running strong . I like the aesthetic styling of it , and it fits okay into the tiny amount of counter space I have available . I like being able to make a single cup of coffee for myself easily -LRB- I can even set the timer to have the hot water ready when I get out of bed , so coffee is instantaneous -RRB- , or fill up the tank and have guests each pick their own drink , tea and cocoa -LRB- have n't tried the cocoa yet -RRB- included.As for the quality of the coffee , I 've had many good ones , but you have to find what works for you . Not all of the pods will brew to the same strength . If you like your coffee strong , or want to fill a giant commuter mug , try the `` Bold '' varieties . -LRB- Or maybe 2 pods for a huge mug -RRB- . Personally , I went out of my way to find a smaller thermal container that is only about 12 oz. , since I do n't drink my coffee by the gallon . But even the larger mugs were easily filled with a good strength of coffee when using the bolder blends . My current favorite is Coffee People Donut Shop , but I 'm also a fan of the Green Mountain Bold varieties.I have also bought and used the refillable K-cup , which is not bad , and I still think cleaning that out is easier than dealing with wet , drippy filters full of coffee grounds or even my old French Press . The trick is to find a coffee that works for your preference for brew in this size.Now , for the reasons it gets less than a perfect 5-star review :1 . The less than `` green '' aspect of the Keurig
 The Keurig Platinum is hands down the best birthday present I ever gave my wife -LRB- of 23 years -RRB- . After 6 months of daily use we still love it . It has n't replaced our 12 cup coffee maker which runs each morning , but my wife and I both enjoy a a coffee fix after dinner . We used to spend $ 50 + a week in the evening at Starbucks or Biggby 's . Now we spend about $ 7 - $ 8 a week -LRB- at $ 0.60 a cup X 12-14 cups a week -RRB- . We love the huge variety of K-Cups . There IS a learning curve figuring out which brands and flavors you like.From a cold start the unit is ready to deliver a cup in 2-1/4 to 3 minutes . From a warm start you 'll have a cup in about 35-40 seconds . I 've set the auto timer to have it on from 4:00 PM - 10:00 PM.And this unit is quiet . My niece has the B60 and it 's much louder while pumping . For about 20 seconds her 's vibrates loudly . Not the Platinum at all.In the box
 I was almost put off by the price of this unit , but I took the plunge and bought it and I 'm glad I did . It makes perfect coffe every time , and has the flexibility to produce exactly the cup of coffee you want at any given time . Those who say the coffee is too weak do n't understand how to use the machine -LSB- see my recommendations below -RSB- and those who say it 's too noisy have n't placed it properly . The pump does make a bit of sound but if you isolate the unit from hard surfaces , with underpadding for example , the noise is tamed considerably.About the strength of the coffee
 I have a serious Starbucks habit that I 'm trying to curb , and I also wanted to have a coffeemaker at home for when I 'm entertaining . I 'm the only coffee drinker in the household , so I find that , when I make a full pot , most of what comes out is undrinkable by the time I come back to it . I do n't consider myself a coffee snob , but I do n't drink coffee in most casual restaurants because it tastes like warmed over water to me . Starbucks does n't make terrific coffee , in my opinion , but it 's convenient , it 's acceptably strong , and its hot.On to the Keurig . It looks very cool and it seems to be well made . The process of making the coffee could not be simpler or faster . The noise does n't bother me , as it lasts only a short time . I do find it to be wasteful of water
 First I 'm just a normal coffee drinker -LRB- sort of -RRB- and this is my first review . I believe in reviews and definitely read them , but never really felt compelled to write one . This coffee maker has changed that.I 'm not a gourmet coffee drinker , but I do like my coffee and I drink it throughout the day . Some background . I work out of my house and I 'm the only coffee drinker in the house . I used to drink Folgers via a normal coffee maker but I did have my procedures . At some point I was ruined -LRB- by my sister no less -RRB- and started drinking Boyer 's Coffee -LRB- out of Denver -RRB- . By ruined , now I had to buy beans and grind them as opposed to large containers of coffee that only required a coffee scooper . So here was my procedure . Clean the carafe and fill with hot water . Fill the coffee maker with filtered water . Grind the coffee beans with a grinder -LRB- apparently very important as opposed to a chopper -RRB- and load the metal basket . Dump the hot water from the carafe and start the brew cycle.I also had a coffee dispenser . The one with the big button on top that is supposed to keep hot fluids hot for up to eight hours . Well , I would clean it and also fill it with hot water . Clean the plastic parts that ground the coffee . A few more minutes and the coffee is done brewing . Empty the hot water out of the dispenser and pour in the freshly brewed coffee . Clean the carafe and metal filter . Take the dispenser to my office and enjoy coffee for a couple of hours . All in all , it took just under 15 minutes.As you can see a lot of work for a decent cup of coffee . The main part of all the above was not so much the flavor , but trying to get a hot cup of coffee and coffee that would stay hot for a while , without cooking to a syrup.Of course as I worked , I would forget about my coffee , that I took two sips of , and would end up getting only a couple of sips per cup . Yes , a lot of effort for very little coffee . But when you only drink water or coffee , well , you end up working at it.Enter the Keurig . I bought this coffee make because the idea of a single cup coffee maker has always been appealing . Secondly , I could buy a filter that would allow be to use my own coffee . This was the single factor that kept me from buying the other single cup coffee makers . I was concerned that shortly after my purchase the coffee cups / packets would go away . Plus I really liked the Boyer 's coffee . I was going to buy the B-60 , but after reading the reviews , the B70 just seemed like a better deal.I did n't even take it out of the box - my wife did . She also set it up . Even she had to admit it looked really cool on the kitchen counter.I now make coffee one cup at a time . In the nine months that I have had the B-70 , I used the coffee filter once . I have found the K-cups just too easy , plus I like the flavor . I eventually removed the coffee grinder from the counter and put it in the pantry . I have n't ordered any coffee on-line , so my sampling has been limited . I get a couple of different coffees from my local Target.So now you know my coffee procedure , past and present . As far as the coffee maker goes , it 's a blast . I really , really enjoy the coffee . I drink three different types of coffee . I like the coffee so much , I now only go to Starbucks while waiting in airports . I even bought disposable coffee cups , so I can take coffee on the go , i.e. in route to the airport.If you like your coffee fresh and hot - you ca n't go wrong with this coffee maker . If you like your coffee throughout the day , this coffee maker is a must . If you just like good coffee without any clean up , you still should look at this coffee maker . By the way , clean up is throwing away the K-cup . I 've had mine for about nine months and it has yet to tell me it 's time to clean the coffee maker - I still use filtered water.Why I did not give it a perfect 5 stars ? I live outside of Boulder , CO , and at this altitude all packages are bloated -LRB- about to burst -RRB- . I 've had two of the K-cups burst on me . Do n't get me wrong , I 've gone through over 60 cups per month , so probably 600 cups . If only 2 cups went bad out of 600 , I 'm not complaining , I just ca n't give it a perfect score . Although , it probably should have been a 4.8 on a 5.0 scale.Bottom line , you will not be disappointed with this coffee make . If mine broke today , I would order the same one -- today .
 I bought a B70 for my office and loved it so much that within a week I bought a second one for my home . It is very easy to use , overall , makes a good cup of coffee or tea . If you go above the 1st two size settings , tea or coffee gets a bit weak . We found for either coffee or tea , after you brew one cup on the 1st two sizes , take the k-cup out and shake it up , you can make a 2nd cup out of the same k-cup and it comes out just as strong -LRB- If you do n't shake it up , 2nd cup will be very weak -RRB- . -LRB- Be careful its a bit hot -RRB- . Two suggested changes for the manufacturer :1 . Move the menu button . Some of my staff hit it rather than brew and change around the settings ; 2 . Make an option for weekend vs week day auto on/off . I do not want the machine on Sat or Sun at the office , but have to manually shut it off to accomplish this.It is great when you want to offer a variety , including decaf or regular .
 When I went to `` prime '' the maker prior to its initial use , I could not get the `` add water '' light to stop blinking . I kept messing with the water resevoir and after a half an hour , called keurig 's customer service . The intial person was puzzled so she transferred me to the `` tech '' person who asked me to empty the water out of the resevoir and `` shake it briskly '' , so I did . She could tell by the lack of noise -LRB- over the phone mind you -RRB- , that a round disk was not in the resevoir as it should be . i told her I had the disk but it was not in the resevoir . I placed it and secured it as best I could but she could tell that the bracket to hold it in place was not functioning properly . I rigged it well enough to get it to work fine . It makes great coffee by the way . But the customer service rep. was not satisfied and shipped me a new resevoir over night so that `` I could be sure to have coffee for the weekend '' . Now that is customer service ! If only the rest of life could be that easy ...
 I love my machine.I love the convenience . I love the coffee and teas available.No cleaning messy pots and dealing with filters . It 's so easy to use and maintain.It has a sleek looking design.I can make any size coffee/tea I need , I love the black teas . You must stock up on coffee/tea , not easy to find in all local stores I found we use the machine so much , we joined Amazon Prime !!! It is loud , but ony for the minute it brews.My 1st Unit broke , and Keurig replaced , no hassles , they were great . No overnight shipment , but I realized I LOVE MY KEURIG !!!!
 The quality of the coffee from this system is exceptional - I am an avid coffee drinker and I am very impressed . However , it is very expensive per cup . A box of 12 K-cups averages $ 7.00 per box , so if you are a heavy coffee consumer like me , it will cost a fortune . I 've only tried to use the reusable filter once and the coffee was n't as good - I 'll have to experiment a little . Overall , I love it , but it 's not very practical .
 Perfect cup of coffee so far , as I 've only had it a day . The included 18 cup variety pack is excellent also . The coffee maker gets upset if the water level gets too low , flashing blue lights , siren -LRB- just kidding -RRB- it even put the dog to barking .
 This is a great coffee system and is so easy to use . I really like the iced coffee option on mine but I think the model 's that do n't have that option you could do the same thing . All you would do is fill a glass with as much ice as you want , pick out your flavor of coffee and then use the smallest setting amount . Then when done add milk and stir and you have your iced coffee .
 I first bought a Keurig Brewer for my office . I loved it so much , I had to have one for my home also . It is perfect for a family . We do n't all drink the same hot drinks . I like coffee , my teenage daughter prefers hot tea . My hubby 's favorite is hot cocoa . The Keurig allows each of us to have the hot drink of our choice.The features I like on the B70
 We just purchased this machine a few days ago and LOVE it ! It 's expensive , but I do n't mind spending money on something if it 's worth it and this coffee machine is absolutely worth the money . It 's SO easy to operate . There 's virtually no clean-up other than tossing the used k-cup in the trash . I love the timer feature . You can also leave it on all day if you want to . It only takes a minute or so if the machine is off and you turn it on manually . Then it 's ready to brew . I love the blue glowing light too ! It 's also fun shopping for the different coffees , teas , and hot chocolate k cups . My kids can make their own hot chocolate , it 's so easy and fun for them . I bought the turning carousel for the k cups and it fits nicely and neatly on the counter top next to the machine . I just ca n't say enough about this machine and the quality and great fresh taste of the coffees ! I HIGHLY recommend this product !
 I read a lot of reviews on this before purchasing one , and if you 're doing the same , let me save you some time . Just buy it ! You will not be sorry ! It makes a wonderful cup of coffee every time . You should get the Platinum too , if you are comparing the different Keurig models . It has a bigger water reservoir , more cup sizes to choose from , and it looks great on your kitchen counter . The blue lights on the display and under the water pitcher are so attractive . Now some advise for anyone out there like me who likes a lighter cup of coffee . People have said in some of the reviews that they use the smallest cup size with their k cup , and it 's still not strong enough . I use the Keurig light brew k cups , and I use the travel mug setting , the biggest one , and it still took me some getting used to because it was stronger than what I was used to making in a regular coffee maker . But it tastes so fresh , you will love it in no time . The set up was easy . Just follow the quick set up guide , then read the manual when you have time . It does n't even say to wash the reservoir before the first use , and you do n't need to ! There is no plastic taste at all . It is so easy to set up and so nice to look at in your kitchen . Go buy it and start having the freshest coffee ever from your own kitchen in a flash ! Oh and just buy your k cups direct from Keurig . It 's fast , free shipping if you buy 4 packs of 25 at a time -LRB- it sounds like a lot but you 'll go through it fast -RRB- . Also there are so many choices . Literally a couple hundred in any brew strength that you like . The coffee maker will come with a starter pack also so you will have some while you figure out what you want to buy . Also , if you register your product with Keurig , they 'll give you 2 free packs of 25 on your first order !
 Length :
 Product was shipped on time and arrived as advertised - all works great ... . we were worried initially with the coffee maker as the first few cups of coffee had a metallic taste , but after cycling water thru a few times it tasted normal . We love the coffee maker - very convenient . Glad we purchased the larger model with a bigger tank of water - would have taken too many refills with a smaller capacity tank ... . wish there would have been a non-commercial product line that had an option to connect to a water line.We love the little individual cups of coffee and the variety . I have found that it 's easy to cut the top off the used cup , wash it out and put any brand coffee in it . Then I cover with a round piece of aluminum foil as a cap - works great ... . a lot better than the individual cup holder we purchased ... . only trick is to line up the puncture hole on bottom when inserting the cup in the holder .
 I received this coffee maker as a Christmas gift and have been using it 2-3 times per day since . It is so quick and easy and makes a perfect cup of coffee every time , provided the coffee itself is a good brew . I have found several brews that I do n't like , but part of the fun has been trying the sample packs that came with the unit and others I received as a gift.I will say that the only disappointing thing about the Keurig is that a regular -LRB- non-EXTRA BOLD -RRB- K-cup is only strong enough for a 6-oz cup for me . I must purchase EXTRA BOLD K-cups for a good 8-oz cup and I 'm more limited to the types that are available for EXTRA BOLD . That being said , even the EXTRA BOLD are too weak for the 11-oz travel size and that is very disappointing to me since I would like to be able to fill up a larger mug with perfect coffee . Guess I 'll have to do two 6-oz cups for a larger size . I hope the K-cup companies come up with a way to make K-cups strong enough for the travel size option .
 Got this coffee maker couple of months ago and love it . We got this version and its worth the extra money over the cheaper one.The LCD is great with the clock and auto on and auto off options . The sizes of coffee are nice.The selection of coffee and tea options is very wide and something for everybody . If you like coffee but only drink a cup a day instead of a pot you should probably look into this one .
 I love this Keurig . I use mine to make tea daily and it has held up well and is easy to clean and use it 's usyally ready in less than a minute . Love this product .
 I love my Kuerig . I 'm the only coffee drinker in my family and got sick of throwing out half pots of coffee . Also great for company . Make sure you de-scale every 3-6 months-if you do n't , it really will ruin the system -LRB- this is my second one-ignored the de-scaling message :-LRB- -RRB- .
 I love this Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System so much . It is so easy to use , it 's quick . I use it everyday sometimes 4 times a day . It 's easy to clean . There 's nothing negative I can say about this product .
 I gave this to my husband for out 30th Anniversary and he likes it a lot ! He is a teacher and likes having fresh coffee available at anytime of his work day . I also go him the apple cider K-cups , which allows him to have a variety . I did good ! : -RRB-
 I 'm still breaking it in so I have n't tried a lot of cups . I 'm noticing though for at least some , but hopefully not all of the k-cups , it 's a weak brew if you go past 8 ounces . Now , I do n't know about you , but I 'm used to at least a 12 ounce starbucks tall . 50 % less as the normal tolerable cup of coffee is n't great . If I have 2 well then the economics start to not be as compelling . I 'll probably try some brands that I know have strong followings to see if it 's true across the board . However , even 8 ounces is watery in this brand which I have not found to be true for others so hope is still alive .
 The product is good but I gave it as a gift . The recipient is very happy with it and the refillable Cup for Keurig .
 Love the Keurig Platinum Coffee System , however the cups are expensive to use on a daily basis if you are big coffee drinkers . Have to find them at Costco or Amazon rather than the local grocery .
 Great machine makes coffee really quick once warmed up . so many flavors to choose from not funny . easy to maintain too .
 This unit is sleek and fits in nicely with any modern kitchen . The display is nice and allows you to program it to warm up , so it 's ready in the morning .
 I have been on the fence about putting away my coffee maker and buying a Keurig . My son and his girlfriend rave about their Keurig B-70 , so I finally broke down and purchased it ! I watched the demo video and ca n't wait to get it !
 Purchased the Tassimo machine first was n't so impressed so went back and bought the B-70 instead .1 -RRB- quieter2 -RRB- faster3 -RRB- better coffee selection4 -RRB- timer and auto on/offWhat a difference , the B-70 is quieter , easier to use and a lot `` smarter '' . The Tassimo took several minutes to warm the water and would n't let you press `` start '' until the water was hot , meaning you had to insert the pod , and then stand there until the ready light came on - hardly automatic . The Keurig , on the other hand , lets you insert the cup and hit `` start '' it takes care of heating the water and brewing all on its own . It also heats up the water at least twice as fast!While the Tassimo offers some extras like cappucino , that does n't outweigh all the idiosyncracies in its operation . Without a doubt the Keurig is the best choice for pod coffee makers .
 yes , my unit died . yes it died out of warranty . yes Keurig still offered stateside customer support . yes Keurig sent me a brand new unit free of cost . Congrats for standing behind your product , Keurig .
 I bought the Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup Home Brewing System because I am the only one in my house that drinks coffee . Unlike other single serve coffee makers I was not limited to only one brand of coffee . The pods where user friendly . It is great when I have company over , everybody gets exactly the kind of coffee they want.The only down side is the packaging . Each pod is one more piece of garbage that need to be thrown away . One resolution to this problem is the Keurig My K-Cup Reusable Coffee Filter.http : / / www.amazon.com/Keurig-K-Cup-Reusable-Coffee-Filter/dp/B000DLB2FI/ref=cm_lmf_tit_5_rsrssi0
 UPDATE 1/3/10
 I got my Keurig B70 using a 20 % off coupon at Bed , Bath , & Beyond which was a nice deal . Along with the machine , I picked up the carousel which holds 27 k-cups , and a 60 k-cup variety pack . I figured that 60 k-cup variety pack along with the 18 samplers inside the box would allow me to have a bit of fun for a while.One thing that really caught my attention was that as I was putting these items into my basket , I was stopped by someone who started telling me all about how amazing this machine was , and that he recently upgraded from the mini to the B70 . He assured me i 'd love it and even gave me a bit of recommendations on some flavors to try -LRB- Coffee People Donut Shop , and Timothy 's German Chocolate Cake -RRB- . After a few minutes the guy walked off , and as i was making my way around the corner , another person look in my basket and told me I made an excellent choice . Never in my life have I experienced such a response from other shoppers regarding what I had in my shopping basket . This was pretty exciting because I knew I had made the right choice . I was looking at the Senseo and Tassimo a few days earlier , but the reviews here on Amazon for the Keurig B70 along with the fact that there are just SO MANY k-cups to choose from made the decision easy for me.After having my machine for about a week , I can say that I am extremely pleased . The k-cups taste great , and the variety is amazing . I ca n't believe how fast this thing can brew a cup . It literally takes less than 2 minutes . Because of this B70 machine I 've been inspired to learn how to make cappuccinos , and how to froth milk .
 I think that the Keurig is the greatest thing since sliced bread . Coffee , tea , hot chocolate , iced tea , at the touch of your fingers and so quickly that many guests can have their favorite drink with no fuss and always fresh and piping hot . I have given one to each of my daughters and will consider it as a christmas gift this year . Any coffee drinker who loves good fresh hot coffee will love this machine . Kudoos to the inventers . Guskey
 I did a lot of research and was actually reluctant about
 We just got our machine and love every bit of it . The coffee is not `` cafe standard strong '' coffee by any means - but hopefully there is a reason you do n't mind handing over a few bucks for high quality joe to those that make it best . Its a convenient and great machine for home/office use . I did n't find it incredibly weak or watered down if you use the right settings , but did find it better than my 10 cup coffee maker . I do like the coffee and variety compared to a Flavia machine as well . I like the fact that different brands market K-Cups -LRB- especially Diedrich 's -RRB- and you can use what ever coffee you like in the MyCup filters to save you money . You can get great coffee on the smallest setting if you do lean to the strong/darker side like I do . As most coffee is set to brew for a 6oz cup - not larger amounts . My Husband loves the coffee and is not able to tell the water down effect . The Iced beverage setting is wonderful as well .
 I bought this for our office and everyone raves about it . I have a different model at home which is much noisier . This is very quiet and does n't hum and vibrate when it pulls water from the reservoir . Might consider getting rid of the one we have at home and buying this model .
 This product is awesome !! My cousin had one and after seeing him demonstrate it , I just had to have it ! You can brew a hot cup of coffee in less than 60 seconds -- it 's so convenient for someone with a busy life !
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . And we use this Keurig Platinum coffee maker at least 6 times a day . It is amazing and I 'm being very truthful . The Keurig customer service department is very friendly as well . Our Keurig started acting up and we called the 800 # a few times . After trying to fix the problem , Keurig sent us out a brand new unit . We had to send them a part from our original Keurig , but we were impressed . I will note -- do n't ever put the water reservoir lid in the dish washer . I did and now it wo n't fit . It says on the lid not to put it in the washer , but being hasty -- I did anyway . I do n't think we could ever go back to a regular maker again . Now we do n't have to throw out half a pot of coffee . We make what we want and that 's it . We can each make our favorite K-Cup coffee too .
 I love this coffee maker . It is quiet and neat . There are so many different k-cups to choose from . It 's fun to find a coffee , tea or hot chocolate that I really love . One thing I found is that I do n't like flavored coffee very much . I like my cup of coffee with a drop of milk . The coffee maker is very simple to use and very quick in it 's brewing . Less than a minute and you can have a delicious cup of coffee . This machine is not cheap , but it is very well made and looks soo good on my counter ! I 'm happy with my purchase .
 Do n't believe the people telling you that this machine is only capable of making `` coffee water . '' The Keurig can deliver a great cup of coffee . You just have to know what you 're doing.My work had the commercial version of the Keurig and kept us flush with a wide variety of K-cups , so I felt I understood well what I was getting into when I bought this machine . I was mostly right
 I bought my Keurig B70 from Amazon 6 months ago and my hubby and I simply LOVE it ! When we remodeled our kitchen , we searched for the best coffeemaker and ended up with a great one with a thermal carafe . However , we rarely used it ! Hubby feels it 's a real pain to clean up -LRB- well , it is ! -RRB- , and we do n't agree on what kind of coffee we like . He likes extra-strong and I like it milder and flavored . So we ended up at Starbucks more often than I 'd like to admit . He would stop on the way to work , and I 'd stop for my Iced Venti Nonfat Caramel Macchiato a few times a week . We had seen a Keurig in action in an office setting and could n't believe it ! When I suggested getting one , he obviously had been thinking the same thing , and as they say , the rest is history!The other , very nice coffeemaker is stored and now our Keurig lives on our counter and is used MANY times per day . Some people might wonder if you really need the 4 drip sizes , but we enjoy having these options . Especially for making those specialty drinks I loved getting from Starbucks ! I use the smallest drip size and a strong K-cup , add Splenda and Mrs Richardson 's Butterscotch Caramel -LRB- so it can melt and disperse -RRB- . Then I pour it over a tall glass of ice , and add a couple of ounces of milk and it 's positively heavenly ! If you like , you could drizzle the caramel on afterwards , like Starbucks does , but I prefer it mixed throughout.We 've had NO trouble with our Keurig - we use filtered water from the fridge , and we leave the water canister in place for filling . We buy K-cups from Amazon , but have found that our favorites are n't always in stock , so we go to Big Cat Coffees , where they have ALL the kinds at all times ! You can even buy an assortment pack from Big Cat - you choose 5 different varieties and you get 5 K-cups of each . That 's how we found out that for the strong brew that my husband prefers , Tully 's Kona and Green Mountain Extra Bold Dark Magic are the two favorites . I use those to make my Caramel Macchiatos , but if I drink it hot , I prefer the flavored varieties.Your Keurig will become a conversation piece the first time you have company over ! They will love being able to choose their own kind of coffee ! We 're in a church small group that meets in the evening and most of those people prefer decaf at that hour - no problem ! We have an assortment of decaf as well as flavored coffees , bold , medium and mild blends , and you can also get Hot Cocoa K-cups for the kids , and K-cup teas!We rarely go to Starbucks anymore , and we know that our Keurig has more than paid for itself already ! K-cups might be 40 cents or so each , but everyone gets what they want and there 's NO waste like there is with a pot of coffee that you have to dump out!Don ' t have a Keurig yet ? What are you waiting for ? Get one today from Amazon - you wo n't know how you ever lived without it !
 My wife is the only coffee drinker in the house -LRB- as of the time of this writing -RRB- . Every morning I would get up , empty the dishwasher to gain access to the coffee maker parts , fill it with water , put the water in the coffee maker , get out the Dunkin Donuts bag , get the little basket filter , put it in the basket , load the basket onto the coffee maker -LRB- sometimes spilling the coffee in my hazy morning state , sometimes ending up with grinds on the wrong side of the basket for the same reason -RRB- , push the button and wait 5 minutes for the entire pot to brew , pour a single cup , all the while the coffee sits there for 20 minutes while my wife drinks it . She would then drink the final cup of `` skunked '' coffee -LRB- as she puts it -RRB- . After all of this is done , take the basket , empty the grindings , empty the glass coffee thing and put them in the dishwasher . not really much chance of having a cup anytime during the day , since it would involve hand washing the coffee maker stuff or running the dishwasher.Fast forward to Christmas day 2007 . Wife opens box with Keurig coffee maker , opens up boxes of Green Mountain Hazelnut , Celestial Sleepy time tee , the MyCup holder -LRB- for the Dunkin Donuts that is left over and for using for other grinds down the road -RRB- . Husband -LRB- me -RRB- plugs unit in , fills reservoir for the initial priming , runs a `` cleansing '' cycle as stated in the instructions . Husband totally expecting noise similar to a 747 taking off at Logan , but it pleasantly surprised at how quiet this unit actually is . Husband refills reservoir and , in the dark of the Christmas morn ' , admires the cool blue coloring the entire kitchen has taken from the lights on the Keurig . Husband slips that initial K-cup of Green Mountain coffee Hazelnut in the holder , closes the handle , puts the size to the 9.25 spot on the screen and presses the `` BREW '' button . Machine primes for 5 seconds , then the coffee maker starts spewing the coffee in a nice stream into the cup , 30 seconds later the process is over and the unit reprimes itself for the next cup . I , like a good husband should , remove the `` spent '' K-cup from the unit and place it in the trash . No grinds in the cup , on the counter , on the floor , on the ceiling . No basket to empty , coffee thing to wash , etc. . Wife asks husband -LRB- yes , I am trained well -RRB- for a second cup of FRESH brew . Wife exclaims how much she likes the flavor of her new favorite Hazelnut coffee -LRB- sorry Dunkin Donuts , we will probably still use the drive-thru at your stores while traveling -RRB- . Husband makes second cup in 45 seconds , just as fresh as the first one . Husband then programs the unit in a matter of two minutes with the time , the time for the unit to turn on -LRB- 5:00 am -RRB- and the time to turn off -LRB- 9:00 pm , right after the last cup of Sleepytime tea -RRB- . the variety of coffees to choose from simply blows you away . We even bought the carousel , put the frist row of 9 with Hazelnut , the second row of 9 with Sleepytime tea , and the third row with the variety K-Cups that Green Mountain sent with the Keurig . The Mrs. likes the Breakfast Blend , so we will probably add that to our automatic refill Green Mountain.If you set up automatic delivery of your K-cups with Green Mountain , you get $ 2 off per box , and the automatic delivery is very flexible and can be changed at any time . I have been drinking the tea , and am about to move onto coffees . I have never drank coffee in my life , but this is so easy and fun that I am going to start `` experimenting '' without having to worry about wasting too much coffee in the process . For those considering the carousel to hold the K-cups , I highly recommend it . The carousel just looks so cool next to the Keurig . For those wondering , the Keurig is exacting 13 inches tall , and will fit under most standard countertops and cabinet configurations.If you want to go to the travel mug size for a cup for the road , you simply remove the drip tray . If you like your coffee on the stronger side , go with some of the many bold flavors -LRB- including Hazelnut -RRB- for the biggest size of 11.25 . My wife finds the 9.25 size to have plenty of flavor with the regular K-cups and not `` watery '' as others -LRB- like the owner of Starbucks on a previous post -RRB- have stated . This keurig has become our favorite appliance in the house -LRB- mine is the 46 inch LCD HDTV , but I have n't started drinking coffee , yet , although I now thoroughly enjoy Sleepytime tea for the first time in my life -RRB- . Another cool feature is you can brew just a cup of hot water and add your own hot chocolate or you can buy Green Mountain coffee K-cups -LRB- sold in our local Shaw 's supermarket , my 6-year old daughter found them and dad needs to go there and see what others they have -RRB- . So if you have a favorite tea , hot beverage , or soup , you no longer need to use the microwave and experiment with the temperature , you can pick your temperature on the Kuerig from 187 degrees to 192 degrees.One thing I have noticed since we got the Keurig , is it is such a joy to be able to brew a cup for company when they stop over , or just to have a cup at anytime during the day . The usefullness of hot water always being available has turned out to be a good side benefit of the system . The 60 ounce reservoir is nice , whereas you only need to fill it every day and a half and it is very easy to fill and put back onto the Keurig.Some people say the B70 has better flavor and is quicker and quieter than the B60 and B40 . I will have to trust their opinions , since this is our first Keurig . People have commented about how cool looking the unit is sitting on our counter . When they find out what it is and what it does , they want one of their own . We are even looking at one where I work . if you are debating between the B40 , B60 and B70 and are worrying about the extra $ 50 for the B70 , go with the B70 , you will not be disappointed . If you buy it from GreenMountainCoffee.com , and sign up for the Cafe Express automatic delivery , they will sell you the coffee machine for $ 189 , give you free shipping and if you order your first 4 K-cup boxes , they come with free shipping , also.GO FOR IT !! This will be one of your best purchases you ever make in your life . Time to go brew another cup for the Mrs. -LRB- another couple of `` points '' for me ... lol -RRB- ! She is in love again ... -LRB- with the Keurig -RRB-
 I purchased the B60 about a month ago and was relativley pleased at the ease and convenience of it . I no longer had to make a pot -LRB- or 1/2 a pot -RRB- of coffee wondering if my husband was going to have any that particular morning or not . And then measuring , cleaning and throwing away ... etc. . Just a pain with a house full of kids running around so early in the morning ! But I recognized that I had to brew at the smaller of the 2 sizes with an extra bold coffee to get close to what I liked . THEN , we received an early holiday gift this morning , and lo and behold , the B70 !!! Right out of the box and at the 3rd cup size -LRB- which is 9.25 oz . -RRB- the taste was AMAZING ! And actually a bit stronger than the smaller sized cup from the B60 . I 'm not sure if it brews it a few seconds slower , but all-in-all definitely worth the extra $ 50 or so for this model over the B60 . I wish I had bought this model in the 1st place !
 A number of years ago , in a medium sized office , we had a Keurig brewing system that was great for giving everyone a choice of coffees and absolutely eliminating wasted pots of coffee . Overall , the quality of what we drank went way up , and waste went down , cost ... well , it probably cost a little more and had to be hooked up to the water supply and was supplied through a commercial service . Which made it uneconomic for a small office of just a few people that did not want a service contract , plumbling work , etc.Now , however , Keurig has seen the small office/home market and has met the need very very well . Same high quality coffees in single cup services that eliminates waste , but in a machine you buy and fill yourself with tap or bottled water . It still costs more than brewing a pot of coffee , but it definitely gives you more choices for yourself and your clients , and eliminates the waste in making a pot , and then letting it sit until it 's cold or undrinkable.It 's simple to use and fast . If you want to make coffee and tea for several people , it takes no longer , really , than making a pot from scratch . The cost of the consumables runs around $ 0.50 per cup , though you can sometimes do better . That 's far cheaper than walking over to Starbucks , though these machines do n't really do a cappuchino , but more expensive than a pound of Folgers.I 've had one of these in my office for three months and have loved it ! I had a service problem , which Keurig 's friendly , articulate and helpful customer services representatives resolved immediately and cheerfully . I give them as high marks for service as for the machine itself !
 Excellent coffee from this machine . Easy to wake-up and make a cup even when you 're very groggy . Clean - up is easy and coffee always tastes the same .
 I owned the B60 Keurig single cup brewer for about a year until I realized that I needed one at work ! I upgraded to the B-70 and can honestly say , with unabashed enthusiasm that the Keurig systems are simply the best !! I have talked many of my colleagues into buying one of the units - specifically the B-70 . There are some nice options associated with this model including the four brew sizes , temperature setting , timer , and let 's not forget the cool light-up water reservoir !
 Makes good coffee in less than a minute.I ca n't really find any fault in the product , but I can tell you what I think would be better.A larger water tank , we often have to fill it twice a day . I wish I could attach a 5 gallon water bottle to it . If such a device or add-on exists , let me know.It 's programmable , meaning you can set a timer to make that first cup of coffee in the morning , but it takes less than a minute to brew , so its an unused feature.Hotter , you can set the temperature to a maximum of 192 , but I like my coffee hotter than that , scalding hot.Coffee runs you about 50 cents a cup . If you 're a heavy coffee drinker , maybe think twice about this device . The coffee is very good and comparable to coffee shops , so it could be considred a discount price . The tea 's are n't bad either , Earl Grey , hot!I purchased the reusable coffee filter , this is an ok device but I would n't recommend it ; unless your drinking some wild blend that you ca n't do without , I find using this device more work than its worth.I would buy this coffee maker again .
 Both my wife and I enjoy this coffee maker . The coffee is always fresh and hot . It takes seconds to make and we can each select the strength of the brew we prefer .
 This coffee maker is so fun I invite people over just to serve them coffee . I love the ease of one cup at a time and not having to toss out a pot of coffee when no one drinks it . Throwing out the k-cups does bug me , however . I have had this for 1 month and am in love with it !!!!
 This is the best coffee invention ever !!! For those of us who want just one cup of coffee at work , and hate the taste of coffee that has been sitting in the pot for hours , this is the answer . It makes great coffee , no mess and simple to use .
 Purchase a Keurig B70 single cup coffee maker . Item was shipped as promised , cost was as offered , was new and in original shipping material.Coffee maker really works great . I have tried several brands of caffee and tea . Some are slightly weak , can correct by changing cup size . Have tried using regular coffee with the special cup . Must make sure you do not over grind or will be weak result . Would recommend for other to purchase . It is really great for early morning coffee before leaving the house or late night when a whole pot is not needed . Have found really resonable prices for K Cups . Must shop around for best deals on shipping and quanities per case . I have been averaging 0.25 cent per cup including shipping .
 I love , love , love it . It is easy , and perfect for a 1 cup coffee drinker . All of the coffee flavor are great . The hot chocolate is heavenly . I highly recommend it .
 This is the best coffee maker that I 've had in 20 years . It makes good coffee better and it makes fine coffee great . It can not however make poor coffee beans taste any better , so do yourself a favor and buy the best coffee you can find and enjoy a really good cup .
 Very easy to setup ... The coffee is ready in less than 20 secs ... The pods cost about 50 cents per pod ... but totally worth it ... It looks pretty nice too : -RRB- Highly recommended !!
 wow ... this machine rocks !!! when you are the only coffee drinker in the house , it is sometimes difficult to bring yourself to making a whole pot of coffee , or just doing the whole production of a regular coffee pot for that matter . the filter , the measuring , the cleanup . NONE of that with this awesome machine , i mean there is NO cleanup , well i mean you do need to clean your coffe cup , but thats it.pop a k cup in ... boom ... you have coffee ... take the k cup out and throw it in the trash.so nice for when you have guests , if they want coffee , you can let them pick one out and everyone is happy in a minute !!! i honestly dont know how i ever suvived without somthing like this . i drink sooooo much more coffee now , just because i can so easily !!!! dont even hesitate if your considering this , JUST DO IT !!!!!!!! also , i would only consider buying this perticular model , because it brews a larger size cup . that way you can do a travel mug size . because for same price , why do a small cup ?? right ?? also as another review stated , it is good for dieting ... right ?? coffee instead of a calorie and fat laden snack ... and coffee fills you up !!!! LOVE LOVE LOVE IT !!!!!
 I love this coffee machine ! We love picking out different flavored and regular coffee without having to brew a whole pot . The reservoir is bigger than the other models and it makes the coffee strong even if you are brewing the travel size - the other models do not do this . I did not buy mine from Amazon but I am sure that the warranty is the same ... My old one started leaking and was n't working . I called the place where I had ordered it from and they sent me a new one right away ! Now all of my friends have them . It is the best !
 The best looking Keurig by far . I love how the blue light glows in the kitchen . Sleek , Modern look with easy clean up and ease of use as well . It 's also easy to clean!I read the other review about the coffee sometimes being weak with larger brew sizes . I use the second to the largest and the largest brew size , so I switched to bolder coffee flavors/darker roasts , like the Sumatra and Dark Magic . -LRB- When I prefer medium roasts , I just use the smaller brew size -RRB- The coffee is great , and there is a great variety of flavors . If you go on the Keurig site , there are a large assortment of teas and variety coffee packs as well , but the prices here on Amazon are the best , but there is a limited selection.When people come over , its so much easier than making a huge pot of one flavor of coffee for everyone . My friends and family love using it too ! I would definitely recommend this to everyone !
 I received this email today : Important Product Notice - Please Read09/15/11Priority One here at Keurig is supporting and pleasing our customers , and that 's why I 'm contacting you in connection with your recent purchase of Keurig -LRB- tm -RRB- Descaling Solution.We 've learned that this product does not meet our quality standards . Some bottles contain white , fibrous material that can clog a brewer and stop it from operating . Preliminary laboratory test results have indicated that some samples of the descaling solution contain a very small amount of common household mold . We have shared these results with Dr. David Acheson , a physician and former Chief Medical Officer and Associate Commissioner for Foods at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.Dr . Acheson has advised us that because of the way the solution is used and the brewer works , there is virtually no risk from drinking beverages made in a brewer cleaned with Keurig Descaling Solution.Dr . Acheson also said that people who are sensitive to mold can have an allergic reaction if they breathe it . However , given that this product is a liquid used for cleaning brewers , Dr. Acheson indicated that the risk of such an allergic reaction is low , and the possibility that it would cause a serious illness is very low . We take the quality of products that we sell very seriously and , to say the least , are not at all satisfied with the quality of this descaling solution . It is clear this product does not meet our expectations or yours . So , we want to make things right.If you have not yet used the descaling solution , please do not use it . If it is unopened , do not open it . Instead , put it in the trash and contact our customer service team at 855-871-6065 . We plan to automatically reimburse you for each bottle of Keurig Descaling Solution that you purchased , and when you call , we 'll also give you a coupon code redeemable for two free 24-count boxes of K-Cup portion packs.If you have used the descaling solution on a brewer , we will replace that brewer at no cost to you . This will eliminate the possibility of future clogging caused by the solution . Contact our customer service team at 855-871-6065 to make arrangements to receive your replacement brewer and to return your current descaled brewer to us via FedEx . We plan to automatically reimburse you for each bottle of Keurig Descaling Solution that you purchased , and when you call , we 'll also give you a coupon code redeemable for two free 24-count boxes of K-Cup portion packs.We regret the inconvenience this situation causes you . We take your trust and confidence in us very seriously . We thank you for your understanding and for buying Keurig products.Sincerely , Michelle StacyPresident , Keurig Incorporated
 Hands down the best coffee maker we have ever owned . It is used multiple times a day . As far as ease of use and performance go , it is amazing . We brew coffee and ice tea.Enough about how it works . I really wanted to write something about the customer service . I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife in 2009 . It worked great until July of 2011 . When we started having problems , I contacted customer service at Keurig . In 5 minutes I was speaking with a technician . After walking me through some resets and trouble-shooting , he informed me that the machine was defective . He then informed me that a new machine would be sent to me free of charge . Four days later , my replacement Kuerig arrived . My only cost is the $ 3 to return the cup holder mechanisim . I have almost never had such prompt and satisfying servcie from a company.I highly recommend this product and this company . Buy it . You know you want to .
 We had a problem with our first brewer -- after a couple weeks of use , it stopped pumping water through the k-cup . We went through a couple rounds of troubleshooting with Keurig support to no avail . Keurig replaced it for free . The new brewer started showing the same symptoms after a few uses . Called support again , and this time the tech suggested that because we live at high altitude -LRB- Parker , CO ~ 6400 ft -RRB- we should pre-puncture the k-cups . This seems to be working , have not had a problem after about 30 brew cycles.I suspect the problem is that the k-cups are packaged at or near sea-level . The difference in pressure at high-altitude causes the k-cup to blow coffee grounds up into the water supply tube when it gets pierced by the needle . This leads to the water supply tube getting clogged , and the brewer wo n't work.So if you 're at high altitude , or notice that your k-cup foil is bulging out , be sure to puncture the foil before putting it into the brewer . I think I 'm also going to run an empty -LRB- water-only -RRB- cycle once a week or so to ensure nothing is clogging the water supply.Other than that glitch , I absolutely love this brewer . Makes a great cup of coffee , and the k-cup approach makes it simple .
 The Keurig B70 has been in use now in our home about a month , used approx . 5 times a day for 2 people . My wife was skeptical at first , now a believer . Although it has an ample water reserve that we fill with reverse osmosis water , we still fill it alot , but I doubt this can be improved on much for the size unit it is.The easy of use , speed , quiet operation is a big improvement ; an even bigger one is the savings in being hassled in thoroughly cleaning a typical coffee drip system
 I do n't drink a lot of coffee , but when I do , I like the experience as much as the coffee itself . For instance , when I need a coffee and I go into the gas station to buy a cup , I enjoy listening to conversations between landscapers in Spanish . I equally enjoy holding the door for the mother of an infant who is talking loudly on her cellphone.Out around town , I like to take in the outdoors while drinking my coffee , watching the cars try to parallel park or watching the birds chase a squirrel . You know , I enjoy the little things.So , what do I do when my wife tells me she wants to buy a coffee maker which brews only one cup at a time and the cups can cost nearly $ 1 each ? I look for the experience . You see , this is n't a coffee maker , it is a beverage creation station from the future . It lights up in a science fiction-esque blue glow . A quick flick of the handle reveals a brew cup holding station which is home to two very sharp teeth . The machine emits a number of wonderous whirs and gurgles when it starts up . Technology has advanced to such a degree that you can even choose the temperature of your beverage down to the single degree.If the Jetsons were alive today , they would be impressed by our single cup beverage machine from the future . With five choices of beverage sizes , the only thing it is missing is a robotic smile to greet me each morning . Some day we will have our coffee delivered to us by robotic butlers or cybernetic genetically controlled monkeys , but until then , I welcome this robotic glowing single cup brewer into my household .
 Pros
 We have owned our Keurig B70 for 21 months . It has performed like a champ . I turned my folks onto it , and theirs has worked perfectly , as well . We brew about 6-10 cups of coffee every day over the course of the day and my wife and I drink coffee at different times , so a drip coffee maker just did n't work for us . We use large mugs and get one 12oz and one 4oz brew from each k-cup , so 16oz at a time . The coffee is always piping hot , even when mixed with cold half/half or heavy cream , and depending on which k-cup brand/type the coffee can be mild to very strong even with 16oz from a single k-cup . Because we love it , we put up with the fact that ours is somewhat louder than usual and tends to vibrate more than usual . We actually have placed it on a cut to size vibration absorbing mat , since we have granite counter tops , which accentuate the vibration . Adding the mat really helped settle it down . For the first 14 months we had a lot of scale buildup and I found that , simply running white vinegar through the machine -LRB- 30-60oz of vinegar/water at a time -RRB- would clean it out , I only had to do it twice and the scale never affected performance . Based on that , I would say it is very low maintenance even with bad water . I ca n't imagine going back to filters , grounds , and all the cleaning of a traditional coffee maker again . Some may complain that they do n't like the coffee -LRB- there are some k-cups I find rather displeasing myself -RRB- . I have had better cups of coffee from an espresso machine -LRB- Americano -RRB- with a skilled Barista , however , I think the coffee tastes very good and I am a little particular . There is quite a large selection available and if you shop during sales you can get the k-cups for as little as .20 -.40 each or from Keurig direct for as little as .47 per k-cup at regular pricing with membership -LRB- free shipping factored in -RRB- . The speed and convenience has saved us many stops at Starbucks or their ilk and no doubt our keurig has paid for itself several times over .
 We bought this for our small office , and it 's perfect . No pot to clean or filter to replace . Just fresh coffee every time .
 When our Keurig B70 first arrived , we sat it on the counter next to our trusty Krups drip brewer , not yet ready to concede that the Keurig could compete day in and day out . But now after using it every day for over a month , the Krups has been retired to the closet . The B70 makes a great cup of coffee . My wife and I both drink several cups per day and have developed a somewhat discernible taste for our coffee . The Keurig could n't be simpler to use and is attractive sitting on the counter with it 's blue backlighting . The variety of K-cups is endless and it is somewhat fun to try the different brews . I would highly recommend the in-tank water filter -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- . Another item that makes the Keurig even more affordable to use on a daily basis is the EZ Cup with disposable filters which allows you to use your own coffee . This little attachment works great . Overall this machine has been flawless and I would recommend it to everyone .
 Purchased as a Christmas gift for my husband who has a tendency to drink 3-day old coffee re-heated in the microwave . He -LRB- and the rest of us tea and cocoa drinkers -RRB- absolutely love it . It 's quick , easy , always fresh and easy to operate . Coffee choices are excellent . Cocoa is n't as easy to find now that winter is nearly over . If you 're a 1-2 cup a day coffee drinker , this is an excellent choice .
 being a coffee person i like the idea of just having a cup when i want without brewing a whole pot . flavor is awesome and variety is great . also making hot chocolate is a snap . all together a great product .
 I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY WIFE , SHE SAYS ITS THE BEST COFFEE SHE EVER HAD.IT MAKES GREAT TEA AND HOT CHOCOLATE FOR ME ALSO . .30 SECONDS IN THE MORNING AND IT IS PERFECT EVERY TIME . . THANKS AMAZON.COM
 The B70 is stylish and is precise in making a cup of coffee . The design ensures a minimum of cleaning and avoids the usual need of coffeemakers to get a thorough cleaning to remove residual coffee acids and that make it bitter , also allowing each cup to be custom made , with many , many flavors , vendors , and blends available -LRB- so many , I cant ever remember which one I like the best -RRB- . that said , it has a couple of issues . the coffee is pretty expensive , with the cheapest coming out to ~ 50 cents per cup , compared to ~ 25 cents for other single serving types and at least ten times regular drip coffee makers . I have also had its software get confused , requiring a cycle of the power , interesting that something as simple as making coffee can be complicated enough to require this -LRB- welcome to the 21st century -RRB- The only other missing feature is that it doesnt remember your last setting , so you have to push a few buttons to get it the way you want it
 This is a great coffee maker ! If you are skeptical about leaving the machine on all the time , do n't be . I have not turned mine off since I got it four months ago . It keeps the water ready to brew and takes only about 45 seconds to get fantastic coffee !!!
 I am so excited about this coffee maker ! I first saw it at a friend 's house , and was quite impressed with it ! I went home -LRB- It was just before Christmas -RRB- and ordered it for me FROM SANTA ! And I was soooo surprised when I opened my awesome gift from Santa ! -LRB- Kinda shocked everyone ! -RRB- I use it several times daily , and I love it ! I think this will make any other coffee makers obsolete !
 My wife and I drink different kinds of coffee so this works well for us . A lot less mess and a lot more convenience . We have the timer set so the Keurig is ready to brew when we get up in the morning and keep it working throughout the day . We have had one bad K-Cup out of several hundred but they are expensive compared to ground coffee . They are really cheap compared to a coffee house , however.You can get hot water from it for tea bags or cocoa mix which is also very handy . The instructions tell you to rinse it once after using the Cocoa K-Cups so we just use the package mix which is a lot faster and easier . Keep a container handy to fill the reservoir without removing it from the machine because it is heavy and awkward to move and replace . Because of the need to get to the reservoir , the machine needs to sit on counter space in front of the cabinets .
 I bought the unit assuming new , but found out is was New Old Stock . . -LRB- NOS -RRB- The unit quit working after 1 month , and was replaced by the manufacturer , after callng and describing the broblem to their tech support.Support goes thru a canned sequence of steps to check if the unit has a possible clog from k-cup grounds.First thing ... when you get the unit ... register it with the Keurig web site!The unit works well with filtered water like from a `` Brita pitcher '' . If something is not right , you can allways empty the water tank out , andput some white vinegar in it , and run that for a couple hours , to make sure it 's descaled.the unit that was defective had an internal intermittent cable and was repaired by re-seating the internal connections.Lastly ... we went on holiday and turned the unit off for 2 weeks . when coming back , we turned the unit on and just tried to run hot water only with no k-cup ... -LRB- as curious as I am -RRB- ... the first cup was only a small splash of hot water ... it took about 6 brew cycles to get the unit to dispense to the proper level.I assume this was setling of the water level in the main heat tank as it backed down to the water level of the filler tank ... just a quirk if you dont use it daily ...
 I got this model as birthday present last summer and still give the best coffee , tea and cocoa each and everytime . I bring this coffee maker every week to a volunteer group I 'm in , so everyone -LRB- 7-10 people -RRB- can have a cup of whatever each like including my hubby 's favorite decaffeinated green tea in whatever size each want . Each one learn how to make his/her preferred brew and size . One even splurge and bought one at Costco . I used to bring k-cups of different flavor but now they each bought their favorite k-cup flavor on sale . I want to buy the same B70 Platinum model for the group but it 's not listed on Amazon Prime .
 We bought another brand of coffee maker but after seeing a friend 's Keurig we decided we liked it better . We took the other brewer to our RV and bougth the B60 for home . . Well that just wa n't good enough so we bought a second Keurig for home and took the original to our RV and gave the other machine away . We have the B70 here and just love it . But alas last week it started doing some weird things and this week even weirder things . So I called Keurig and no questions asked they are shipping me a new unit and they do n't even want the old one back . All I have to do is send a part from the malfunctioning maker to prove we owned it . They are also throwing in two boxes of coffee for my trouble . How much better service can you get than that ? Thank you Keurig , you guys are the best in my book . You make a great product and better still you stand behind it when there is a problem .
 I 'm very happy with the Keurig B70 Brewing system that I purchased , except for all the coffee that I have to buy now !!!! Ronald K.
 I purchased the B70 Keurig two months ago and it is the most used appliance in the kitchen . Not only do we use it for coffee , but it heats so fast that it has totally replaced the tea kettle as well . Wonderful machine , very quiet .
 What more can I say ? I LOVE my Keurig B70 . It makes a great , fresh cup of coffee each time . And , my kids like making hot cocoa in the winter . Easy to use . Easy to maintain .
 We are on our 3rd maker in about as many years , but the wife loves and it is quite convenient . I am not a coffee drinker , but the wife is , so having this maker is convenient for just a single coffee drinker . I use it occasionally for tea or just hot water . The first unit just quit after about 9 months and after contacting Keurig , they sent out a new one and said to toss the other in the trash . That one lasted about 2 years and even though we descaled every 6 months ... after we when on vacation and left the unit off for about 10 days , water would not circulate once we turned it back on . We are now on our 3rd unit and I have started to descale every 3 months now ... maybe it is because we do not use it everyday the the scale builds up ??? But we do like the convenience ... I just hope we start doing better than having to purchase a new one every year .
 We have loved our Keurig , it is super easy to use and the coffee is delicious . We are saving money making our own rather than getting it from Starbucks . I find that the extra bold K-cups work well for me to get the really strong espresso flavor . Try different types until you get one you like.I am giving this machine 4 stars despite some problems it has had . This is because each time we have received flawless customer service from Keurig , surpassing our expectations . I mean immediate and courteous response , whether on the phone or email , accurate diagnosis , and appropriate action taken -LRB- including a replacement machine -RRB- . Excellent communication every step of the way . It is not often that a company 's customer service can get such rave reviews !
 My three word endorsement is ... GET THIS MACHINE . Admittedly , I am a coffee snob . I enjoy a HOT , FULL BODIED , cup of coffee . I used to work for Starbucks and enjoy the bold coffee of the day . Now , I can make one cup of coffee on my way out the door without throwing away the rest of the pot . I am very happy with the machine.Furthermore , after some investigation , the K-Cups can be purchased at Bed Bath and Beyond with the coupon that comes in the mail , making a cup of coffee less than 50 cents per cup . That is a bargain.As for some of those who do not rate it very high , I can not explain their experience . Mine and my wife 's however , simply wonderful.If you can , buy it at Costco ... they have no restrictions for returns on the machine if you do n't like it . THAT is a bargain too . *** Update
 I was a little hesitant to pick up a Keurig due to the price and not having the ability to try one out before I purchased it . I took the plunge and WOW ! I am extremely impressed . I chose the platinum because the build quality seemed much better than the other editions -LRB- elite , special edition , etc. -RRB- and it had the options of brewing a larger travel mug size . To give you a little background i am a one to two cups of coffee a day person and am the only coffee drinker in my household . So the ability to brew a single cup of coffee was just what i needed . I previously had a Hamilton Brew Station but it produced inconsistent brews and the coffee would be off in flavor as it never got the water to a hot enough temp while it dripped.I have had the Keurig now for 3 months and use it daily . I enjoy the ability to try so many fun and unique flavors that the K-cups offer . I will warn that the K-cups can be much more pricey than regular whole bean or ground coffee but you can usually find deals in your area if you have a Bed Bath Beyond , Kohls , etc. otherwise I have found good deals on Green Mountain Coffee and tend to place a larger order to get deals such as buy 3 boxes get the 4th free and free shipping -LRB- plus the flavor selection is much larger -RRB- . I did just pick up a `` my K-cup '' for Christmas and am going to give that a try . I am happy now that Keurig and other companies such as Green Mountain Coffee are making travel mug size K-cups for those with the Platinum -LRB- the K-cup contains more coffee -RRB- . The water tank holds enough water for approximately 5-6 cups of coffee which is nice you do n't have to constantly refill the container . Noise level is fine as well -LRB- a bit louder than a drip machine but reasonable -RRB- Long story short if you are a 1-4 cup coffee drinker -LRB- daily -RRB- or the sole coffee drinker in your household I would HIGHLY recommend this product for you . I also have taken the machine into work and it was a hit there as well -LRB- eventually I would like to get a smaller one to leave at work and keep this one at home -RRB- . 5 out of 5 ...
 Bought this from Costco . It worked great for a couple of months . I use only filtered water . One day , the water decided to not come out from the reservoir . I cleaned everything , tried again and again to get water to go through the machine , but NOTHING . I then put it aside for a few months and just this morning decided to pull it out again and fight with it some more . Well , now electricity does n't even make it come on - It 's DEAD.For the money , I would think twice about replacing this with another - it 's really nice when it worked , but I 'm now stuck with a dead machine and a Costco sized box of coffee pods.ETA
 The Keurig coffe brewing machine is very nice and easy to operate , I am please with my purchase of the brewer machine .
 Could n't ask for a better single cup of coffee ! Choose the size cup you 'd like and the temperature too ! Fantastic product !
 I love this machine ! So easy to operate , and the variety of k cups is awesome ! I highly recommend .
 This is an awesome coffee maker , but there is a drawback on it . You must do a cleaning cycle in order to get that bad plastic taste out of it . I had to run about 3 gallons of water with about 1/4 of a bottle of white vinegar to remove the taste . Other than that , if it did n't have that taste after washing the tank and running it through with vinegar , I would have given it a 5 star .
 I tend to research my appliances and electronics rather thoroughly , and after a couple months of reading both professional and consumer opinions around the ` net on higher-end coffee makers , I decided on the Keurig B70 . After owning it for a week , I 'm extremely happy with my decision.The two points that worried me the most with this machine turn out to not really be issues
 I could n't live without my Keurig coffee maker , I just love it . I only wish that I would have gotten the one with the next bigger cup size . This a super machine that is ready in the blink of an eye . Anyone who wants a quick cup in the morning , is single , or who likes a variety of different blends , this is your machine . You should still keep a full size coffee pot on hand for parties though .
 Bought this for our office and we love it . delighted with how cool and sleek it looks , very simple to use - I hate having too many features that never get used but this can do everything we need and it 's really simple . We love it and at least 2 of us are considering one for home .
 I own the B60 -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- and B70 -LRB- Platinum/Gourmet Edition -RRB- . I bought in July 2009 so you have an idea of the revisions I am reviewing since they have released updated revisions . I could n't pick so I got one of each -LRB- one for work and one for home -RRB- . I am extremely happy with both , and slightly happier with the B70 . At first I really liked the B60 -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- since it seemed like such a solid , sturdy design . But I prefer the slimmer look of the B70 and its design seems very sturdy and solid under daily use . I love the variety of fresh coffee in the kcups and have been very happy with most coffees I have tried . I like not having to commit to a whole pot of coffee and have never felt like having the same type of coffee for my 2nd cup later in the day when I want another . I bought this primarily for the variety and fresh coffee system . I do n't drink a ton of coffee and want to have the choice of flavors and switching from regular to decaf without wasting a whole pot . This has been working perfectly for me . My wife has been using it too who typically does n't drink coffee . The aroma of the coffees -LRB- especially flavored coffees -RRB- are really enticing.The B60 has only 3 size settings -LRB- small cup , normal 6oz cup , and mug -RRB- while the B70 has 5 -LRB- ice coffee , small cup , normal 6oz cup , mug , and huge mug -RRB- . The 2 extra sizes really are n't necessary . I do n't think any kcup has enough coffee to properly flavor the huge mug setting , but at least it has the option if you do n't want to feel like you are missing out . I 've never made iced coffee , but I use the ice coffee setting all the time to rinse and pre-heat my cup or mug , not that you need to . The coffee is plenty hot for any cup or mug , but to last extra long while sipping slowly , I like to heat my mug so it lasts even longer . My wife never heats the mug because she thinks it is too hot if she does . So I like to use minimal water for this so the iced setting works perfectly from the B70 . But the B60 works too , you just have to use a little more water with the small cup setting . Again , you really do n't have to pre-heat anything . It seems designed for the right temperature without preheating your cup . I mean it seems really hot , as hot as you 'd expect from any coffee maker.I was really worried about noise after reading some reviews , so I have to comment on the results of my B60 -LRB- Special Edition -RRB- and B70 -LRB- Platinum/Gourmet Edition -RRB- . Both are very quiet . The B70 is slightly quieter than the B60 . The loudest it gets is when you first turn it on and it tries to heat the water as fast as possible you hear a boiling noise that is very noticeable , but not `` loud '' , and seems to only last a minute . I would n't have it in my bedroom while someone was sleeping , but fine for a kitchen . That is the loudest it gets for me . Bewing is quiet on both for me , and the pumping of the water is also reasonably quiet . I mean you can hear it pump , but nothing remotely distracting . It is possible that any problems were fixed that were reported by some earlier reviews . The models I bought in July 2009 are really quiet . I have my B70 on a tile counter and my B60 on laminate desk top against a common wall . I 'm never worried about drawing attention.Power-wise , I was concerned about the 1500 watt initial usage while it tries to heat as fast as it can . Sure , at 1500 watts you do n't want to be using much anyhting else on the same circuit at the same time . I tested the power usage over the weekend at my work office with two monitors , two laptops , and the lights on and then turned it on and did n't blow a fuse . At home I just use a set of outlets in the kitchen that do n't have to be used concurrently . It only uses 1500 Watts for 1 - 3 minutes and seems to be ready very fast . After that I think they say it only uses 60 watts to maintain , and 300 watts here or there to reheat for a minute or less . I 've never tripped my 15 amp circuit and do n't dedicate any circuit for it . But I 'm just careful not to use a microwave or toaster anytime it is going to do a heating cycle . I also did n't notice anything on my energy bill relative to other energy sources in the summer.Btw - the B60 's power button is on the front and the B70 's on the back . B60 is more convenient to turn on , but I 've never once felt like the B70 was any difficulty and I turn it on every morning and off every night.So I 'm extrely happy with both . I think the B70 is slightly better and seems to occupy less space . The B60 feels a little more bulky due to its shape and black plastic . I find if I store a silver mug on my B60 it feels more elegant due to the change in color . The silver on the B70 just seems to help it feel slimmer , and it is n't as deep too .
 I bought this for my husband for Father 's Day . I figured he only drinks 2 cups of coffee a day so the price was pretty reasonable . If he drank much more that that I am not so sure I would have made this purchase . The k-cups are pricey and they are not easily found in local stores . That being said it makes a very nice cup of coffee . My husband drinks the 9oz size and then when his cup is brewed -LRB- this is the best level flavor for him -RRB- I just lift the lever and lower it back again then press the ` brew ' button . This makes a very very light coffee flavor and then I add a packet of hot chocolate to my water . I can have a nice cup of mocha flavored hot chocolate . I can usually get 2 cups of hot chocolate flavored with diluted coffee . So that was a nice bonus!I also purchased the filter so you can use your own grounds . You have to play around with the amound of grounds used to get the flavor you desire . Again , it makes a good cup of coffee ... the k-cups are the preferred method . But when you ca n't always find or drive the distance to the only store that sells the k-cups or your order has not arrived yet this filter is fine to use.Don ' t waste your time buying the hot chocolate packs ... especially the ones you pour directly into your cup -LRB- there are some that come in the k-cup package -RRB- . They are more pricey than they are worth . If you just brew a hot cup of water and use any brand hot chocolate it boils down to the same thing -LRB- no pun intended :-RRB- -RRB- To help my husband out , if I see the water line going down I just go ahead and bring it back to level . I keep a filtered water pitcher in the refrigerator just for this.I should mention I am not a coffee connoisseur and neither is my husband . We just know what tastes good to us . The coffee brewed in this machine seems to taste better than the other home coffee makers we 've used in the past . My ` mocha hot chocolate ' is about the best way to have chocolate for me . I am glad I took the suggestion from another reviewer on that one.Another nice thing about this is the total lack of mess involved . I simply keep the water level full , purge the system when needed , and use the k-cups for the most part . I do n't have spills on the counter , coffee grounds scattered about , or gross coffee sitting in the carafe until my husband finally dumps it . There is no dirty carafe to worry about . The machine stays very clean without that nasty coffee build up you see on the conventional makers.Some mention the watery flavor when you use the larger cup settings . This is the case with the highest setting . As I stated , my husband 's setting is the 9-oz size using regular flavor coffee . The bold will give it a little more heft in taste . He seems to like either one . If you prefer that extra boost in flavor then just go with the bold flavors . Some day I hope to see k-cups with more of an espresso flavor by using the smallest cup size . Personally , I like the coffee so weak that I can add the hot chocolate for a different taste all together ! ... hence my waiting until his coffee is already brewed no matter what the flavor.I am glad I chose the B-70 over all the other sizes out there . The larger water reservoir makes a difference . It is also nice to choose between 4 sizes . I like the cups over the ` pods ' because they are sealed until they are needed . Really if you are going to drop serious money on a coffee maker ... get a serious coffee maker.I could have gone with a regular coffee maker and my husband would have been fine with that . But it was Father 's Day and he deserves something extra special . The only reason there is four stars instead of five is the difficulty in finding the k-cups and once you do find them the price . Still , I highly reccommend this item .
 I have the B60 and my grand father who is 72 loved the coffee and how easy it was to just brew up whatever you wanted within seconds , so me and my family pitched in and bought this latest version the B70 along with his favorites and some new K-cups to try and he and my grand-mother who is 68 LOVE IT !!! They 've had it a month and they are still talking about how much they love it . They drink coffee every morning , of course and it 's so easy to use , so fast and you do n't have to make a whole pot when you just want one cup.I rely heavily on Reviews when I buy stuff at Amazon , so I wanted to be sure and let everyone know this is a great product for people who drink one or two cups , need something fast and even for older people . I 'm single and do n't drink a lot of coffee so it 's perfect for me to make some hot tea or a cup of flavor 'd coffee when I 'm in the mood , fast easy , no hassle .
 I did n't listen to everyones reviews or updates on this brewer . It was great ... while it lasted . 4 months later and it 's dead . These brewers have a serious defect . The pumps are no where near heavy duty enough to last . We used our brewer once or twice a day and now its DEAD . For the money , they stink !! Update
 I have used this B-70 Keurig coffee maker twice a day every single day for the past 2 yrs . I love it , it works GREAT and I have never had one single problem with it!For those who have had problems you must understand how these single cup coffee makers work ... they RAPIDLY boil water , then force the water/steam through VERY small openings . You MUST NOT use tap water in these devices . IF you do , you are asking for trouble . All tap water contains minerals , those minerals are LEFT BEHIND when you boil water . The VERY SMALL openings in all of these type of machines are then partially blocked EVERY time you run tap water through . All the vinegar/descaling does is reduce this ... not solve it!ONLY USE distilled water in these type devices . Approx 80 cents/gal at Walmart . Again I use this every morning/evening 2yrs running NEVER descaled and NEVER any problems.Hope this helps !
 How did I live before having this coffee maker ? I guess I wasted a lot of cold coffee and drank a lot of stale coffee because I only wanted one cup at a time . Now I can easily and quickly have one cup at a time -- and a different kind every time , if that suits me , because there are so many choices available . The grandkids get hot chocolate , my daughter gets tea and I have Hazelnut coffee all in less than three minutes , about 30 seconds per cup . You can use a wide variety of prepackaged K-cups or a separately purchased insert to hold other coffees of your choice , but having tried that I remembered that I hate coffee grounds and am glad I no longer have to deal with them . And we 're not just talking coffee here . Want to dissolve gelatin ? Get a cup of steaming water for instant soup ? Drop in a tea-ball containing special leaves ? Get some really hot water to hasten defrosting time if you forgot or blanch a few herbs to freeze ? This thing is great and more versatile than you 'd think . This particular model lets you select several water levels from china cup to travel mug amounts , water temps -- hot and hotter , optional shut off if you 're heading out to work and off/on time for energy saving overnight or whenever , although I leave mine on all the time and have noticed no difference in my electric bill . I 've also found it to be a great diet aid as I am now likely to get a cup of yummy flavored coffee instead of a calorie-laden treat . Highly recommended .
 I bought the Keurig B-70 for entertaining purposes as well as personal use . I use it for tea mostly . But coffee drinking guests in my home will no longer witness the appalling ritual of me hauling out my dusty coffee maker -LRB- that I never remember how to use , -RRB- digging out the ten month-old frozen coffee grinds from the back of the freezer and then guessing at the water/coffee ratio -- only to make an atrocious cup of coffee ; everyone ended up wishing nobody bothered ! Well no more ! Now I can easily offer anything hot to drink & rest easy knowing it will be a near-perfect cuppa `` whatever '' in just seconds ; no fuss ! With SO many selections to offer guests it will be a pleasure to accommodate special requests . Plus , people love perusing my selections and picking out exactly the one they want!My likes : Best reviewed single-server in comparison studies with tassimo , etc.Best selection , hands down , of tea and coco -LRB- and coffee ? -RRB- . LIGHTNING FAST -- 15 seconds in most cases.Beautiful - stainless ; blue glow illuminates water tank as well!Work on your part = put a cup under it & pick your drink.Great directions have you up and running five minutes out of the box.Vibration is LOUD but after initial set up is about ten seconds per use & not NEARLY enough reason to even CONSIDER passing up this machine.Entertaining made easy -- no fuss & actually a great conversation pieceCoffee snobs will still prefer the hard way -- French press or whatever -- and my Irish grandmother might have slapped me if this machine meant I would never brew my tea again -LRB- though I find the Keurig tea quite good -RRB- . Point is , most of us who drink coffee and tea a couple times a day will find this works better than our own fumbled efforts with our current home appliances/methods and gets the job done in seconds flat ; the time saved alone is worth it -LRB- used to take me more than two minutes to heat water in the microwave for tea with the bag -RRB- . Tip
 I purchased this coffee maker at the end of last year , and let me tell you , I 've never been happier . I LOVE coffee , and if you do too , I would n't hesitate to purchase this machine . Once you find a flavor and/or strength of coffee you love , you 're addicted . I 've bragged about this machine -LRB- B70 -RRB- , over and over again to friends and family , that some have actually gone out and bought one after testing it out at my house . You wo n't be sorry . -LRB- One side note however . I 've purchased the reusable k-cup that you put your own coffee in , and it just does n't taste right at all . I 'm not sure why , but I do n't use that feature anymore . I am strickly a k-cup purchaser . I have the spinning carosel , and it 's not only convenient in holding the k-cups , but it looks fabulous next to my coffee maker . I 've even gone out and bought all new beautiful glass coffee mugs to use and put on display with it . -RRB- It 's just one of THE BEST purchases of small appliances I 've ever made .
 This is the best coffee maker that I have ever owned ! Keurig 's service is great and very fast . I had a problem with the first B-70 that I bought , I called them , and they replaced my coffee maker within a week ! I love the coffee selections , too . So many coffees and teas to choose from , and a great cup of coffee every time .
 I love this coffee maker , because I hate brewed coffee that 's more than 30 minutes old . The Keurig B-70 is very nice cause it meets my coffee drinking needs . Fast ... makes large travel cup size , can use your own beans with the reusable K-cup and the coffee always taste fresh and great ! I think I 'm saving money cause I 'm no longer dumping half a pot of coffee to make a fresh pot .
 I own this maker , as does my daughter and 3 of my friends ... we 're all 1,000 % satisfied ! Love the choices of coffee we can use in it too .
 My husband and I are avid coffee drinkers and we were a little worried about paying so much for a coffee maker , but this is the best purchase we have made thus far . Excellent coffee selection for any type of coffee drinker and the coffee maker is so easy to use and clean up is a breeze . We got the B-70 so we could use our travel mugs however if you have a tall travel mug it will not fit unless you remove the bottom drip tray .
 I have a B60 at home and LOVE IT . Told the crew at work about it and considered purchasing one for the office . 14 people reviewed the products and joined me to purchase the B70 and a huge variety of coffees , teas and hot chocolates to sample . Everyone loves this machine . Quick , easy , very hot and zero mess . Not one complaint
 First I tried the Melitta `` One '' brewer . Threw it away . Then I got a Senseo . It 's pretty good , and considering the price , not bad . Not great either . When my pricey veterinarian got a Keurig for her waiting room -LRB- they darn well ought to give us something before we fund their children 's education with our pet care dollars ! -RRB- , I was blown away by the snazzy design , the ease of use , and the coffee was GOOD . I particulary liked the variable cup size feature.I never would have imagined myself spending so much money on a coffee maker , but I 'm glad I did . The set up was ridiculously simple , the instructions clear and easy to follow , and after priming the machine I had a ball tasting the coffees that came included with the machine . The k-cups are no more expensive than the pods that the Senseo uses -LRB- and you need to use two of those to make a decent sized cup of coffee -RRB- but there is no mess , no fuss , no unwrapping -- and the choices ! I love a dark roast , and am presently awaiting the arrival of LOTS of cups of various sorts . I am thrilled with the machine , and it looks great in my kitchen .
 I always wanted a coffee maker which made a GREAT cup of coffee but was confused about which one to get there are so many out there . I came across the reviews for the Keurig B-70 and decided it was finally time to try it . I have not been disapointed ! It makes one great cup of coffee and it is so fast . I also love the no clean up ! Really ca n't go wrong with this coffee maker . It may take some time to figure out what size cup of water to use with which coffee to get the best taste but that is a small price to pay for a great cup of coffee ! The only negative I see with it is the size of the unit . It is a monstrosity on my counter but again worth it for the taste .
 This works great . It is easy to use and is fast . Coffee in less than one minute .
 My mother first saw this machine at a doctor 's office . I did the research and we both decided to get one . I have the B70 and she has the B60 . We both love them . I love the variety of coffees and the option of making tea and cocoa as well . My husband used to make the coffee too strong for me . Now we both get our way . I did n't see any negatives except for refilling the water a lot and the vibrating noise the unit makes when it is heating the water . Many of my family members are in the process of buying one after they saw the way it works . If your in doubt , go for it .
 This is the best purchase I have made in a long time ! It has simplified my life considerably and I get great , fresh coffee every morning . Even better is that I always have instant hot water to brew tea -LRB- just use the machine without a k cup in place -RRB- or hot cocoa . Love this appliance !
 At home coffee search is complete . This thing is the way to go . It wo n't replace your coffeehouse cravings , but it 's close !
 I am thrilled with this coffee maker . It is so easy to use and makes great tasting coffee . I was a bit hesitant due to the cost but it is worth it . I like how the coffee brews so quickly and the fact there is no mess ... no pot to clean , no filter to clean , no need for paper filters . I have ordered the reusable filter so I can use my own freshly ground coffee beans . It should save a bit of money and also the need to order coffee on a regular basis or forget to and not have coffee . This is the first coffee maker I have purchased that I can say is fun to use . My previous coffee maker had a thermal pot and we started every morning with `` damn lid '' . We now start our morning with `` what kind do you want today '' . A real gem .
 My wife gave me a B70 2.5 years ago , and it ran great for the first 1.5 years . Over the past year I started to have the typical pump problems and ` not ready ' issues that some have had . I chalk it up to not descaling the thing for pretty much the first 2 years I owned it -LRB- and only 3 times in the past 6 months -RRB- . Lately it was giving us trouble , and when we came back from our honeymoon it would n't make coffee anymore - it just pumped all the water out of itself , repeatedly.So I picked up a new one , since we 're pretty committed to K cups and are n't ready to switch to the new style.I opened up the box , and to my surprise there was a different unit in there ! There was a note explaining that I was one of the first to receive an updated unit . The water reservoir is now 72 oz . instead of 60 , and the pump sounds completely different - more industrial and at the same time it 's more quiet . I noticed that the unit draws FAR more water into it , so I suspect there are different internals . I 'll update as time passes , but right now I 'm pretty happy with it . 4 stars out of 5 since the first one we had died after 2.5 years of use - it should have lasted longer , but I neglected it .
 I love the Keurig . Fresh hot coffee , tea , hot cocoa every time . The only thing I would like to see is additional sizes in the coffee K cups I can buy ... and a better way to use my own coffee . The water runs through to fast to give it enough flavor when I try to use the Keurig holder .
 I love it . It looks great on my kitchen counter and makes a great cup of coffee every time . Highly recomended .
 Love it many different cup sizes it has the temp of the water and you can use your own coffee in this machine
 great product for the ones that only have 1 or 2 cups a day , if you 're a full pot drinker , then i would look elsewhere .
 I like the quick brew time , the auto clock feature , the menu allowing different size cups , plus I can fill my &#34; Travel mug &#34; with two servings
 I love coffee all-day-long . Before I used to make a big pot of coffee to last me in the morning and in the afternoon -LRB- same coffee I made in the morning -RRB- . Now I can make a fresh cup just when I want it . Love this machine . Easy - fast and more important the coffee comes-out real hot . Just like I like it .
 I love this unit ! ! When you do n't need a full pot , this is when it comes in handy , and you have so many choices with the K-cups .
 I have been hesitant to buy one of these coffee machines since my last purchase of a Senseo a few years ago . I loved the idea of making one cup of coffee at a time but , the Senseo style coffee pods were WAY TOO STRONG for me and the coffees made me sick ! So , I had all but given up on these single cup machines . Then , the other day I was at a friend 's house and she offered me a cup of the Donut House Coffee -LRB- which is a light roast -RRB- . YUMMY !! I liked it so much that I ordered the Keurig machine the very next day . Wow !! I love this machine . It makes the perfect cup of coffee every time . So happy with my purchase . I just hope it lasts -LRB- and does n't break down like so many here have described -RRB- since I will be using it allot .
 Perfect for our needs ! The individual servings works well for our small staff and the desire for fresh coffee each time .
 We bought the Keurig B70 brewer after two years of trouble with the Dolce Gusto system . -LRB- They replaced that machine FOUR times under warranty due to water leaking daily and I had had enough -RRB- I am so glad I made the switch ! 90 days of use all day long by four adults and everyone is happy with both the machine and the K-Cup varieties . Turns out the Keurig is much easier to use and provides more flexibility with regard to size , temperature and types of drinks available . This machine is very quiet so you can use it early in the morning without waking anyone else up . I love the auto on/off feature - it turns on and heats the water at 4:30 am so it is ready to go as soon as you are - even if you 're running late , you can have a travel mug of coffee in less than 90 seconds.This machine does eat up some counter space , it 's not small by any stretch of the imagination , but it 's worth it . I am really glad we made the switch from the Dolce Gusto system - ca n't get Butterscotch coffee or Hot Apple Cider with that system !
 The Keurig B-70 has performed beyond our expectations . Whenever you want a cup of coffee , it 's there . Takes less than a minute to make coffee . The variety of flavors are outstanding ! I like French vanilla .
 We bought the b-70 and have used it with Kip 's and filtered coffee . We prefer the kups over the filter coffee . Biggest drawback I like a large cup of java and the kups do n't have enough coffee in them and the same issue with filter .
 My wife purchased aKeurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing Systemfor Christmas . I had been complaining about how slow my Braun Tassimo had gotten and how coffee vendors appeared to be leaving their Braun partnership . Every local supermarket had dropped the Tassimo discs and Starbucks had also dropped their support . A colleague let me use his Kuerig B-70 at his office and I was amazed at how fast it was ready to brew coffee . It would brew K-Cup after K-Cup with little to no warmiong time in between . My Tassimo could take up-to 2-3 minutes to bring the water to temperature before beginning the brew cycle . I would highly recommend the Keurig B-70 for anyone that needs a single cup of fresh coffee and does n't need to brew a full pot just for themselves !
 My niece has this model . It attracted my attention immediately upon entering her kitchen because of the illuminated water storage container that acted as a really cool night light against her stainless-steel appliances , plus it let 's you know when you need to refill the container.The house was full of visiting family members , and that brewer got major use all day/every day . I 'm not really a coffey drinker , but with all the little k-cup flavors , and choices of tea , chai , chocolate , and cider , I tried all the beverage types . I 'm ordering a smaller system for myself that , sadly , does n't have the illuminated water storage.One other thing , if someone had coffey right before me , there might be a few coffee grounds floating in my cup of chai or cider , but it was n't major . It did n't affect the taste , but if you 're a purist , you might be a tiny bit put out .
 Received this a little over a year ago and absolutely love it . Makes great coffee and cider and has held up really well . easy to clean .
 I ordered the platinum model as I managed to get a pretty great deal . I read through reviews afterward and I was a little nervous about what I was going to end up with . So far -LRB- its only been about a month , at 3-4 cups a day -RRB- it is awesome . It is just as quick as the manufacturer describes , and I have had no issues with the noise , vibration , or water with the machine . Overall , it makes a great and convenient cup of coffee and I am happy I went ahead and entered the world of Keurig !
 Besides being the coolest coffee maker on the market , it 's also the ultimate in laziness . I 'm quite happy with my purchase , the 12oz brew size is just about perfect for my mugs . Shipping was faster than I expected . Would definitely get another if this one breaks .
 I purchased my Kuerig Platinum Brewer November 16th , 2010 . I absolutely love it ! Unfortunately , 7-8 months , the sound it makes when brewing became very loud and I was worried it would fail soon . After 13 months , it finally quit working . I called customer service , and they did some troubleshooting over the phone that did not fix anything . Much to my surprise , even though it was a little over a month beyond the warranty period , they are sending me a new one . They are not charging me for shipping a new one either . In light of all the negative comments here and other places , I just thought I would share my very positive experience with Kuerig Customer Service : -RRB-
 except a larger tank.I recently purchases the B60 Special Edition and it has a blue light in the tank and the controls are blue . I researched the both of them but decided that the extra $ 50.00 for a little larger tank was not worth it.The B70 maybe quieter but come on people , its only on for less than a minute.I rate the B60 a 5 stars .
 do this thing great little machine B70 U BE HAPPY WITH THIS THING . OLD MODEL IT WAS B50 I WAS NOISE MODEL CALL UP THE SEND NEW MODEL B70 LOVETHE MODEL PLEAE BUY NEW MODEL BEST ONE THEY MAKE.BUY THROUGHT THE COMPANY BUY HERE AMAZON BEST PRICE HERETO .
 This machine is fantastic!I have it set up to turn itself on every morning automatically . So when I wake up , all I have to do is slide my mug under it , insert a K-Cup , and hit the button . 20 seconds later I have coffee.And if you put the creamer in first , the squirting action mixes it as it pours.Simple . Easy . Fast . Delicious.The K-Cups are expensive at the grocery store , but they are cheap on Amazon . And there 's tons of flavors/brands to choose from.I recommend buying a sample pack of K-Cups so that you can try the various brands and see what you like.And if you want to brew your own locally-bought coffee , you can buy reusable cups to do just that.I only have 2 minor issues with the machine : It could be slightly taller to fit to-go tumblers , even though the tray at the bottom is removable.And the cup-size settings run pretty small . I drink out of a somewhat large mug every morning , and the largest cup-setting fills it . So basically I 've never used any size smaller than the largest , which means there are 4 other sizes that I 'll never need.This machine has changed my morning routine for the better . I love it .
 I bought my first Keurig in April of 2010 and I just received my 5th replacement . They run great for about 6-8 months then just quit . When I call in and give them the serial number they just say have you done all the steps which I do before I call in and they send another in about 7-10 days seems I always have a new one . But I do love my Keurig problems or not .
 I have been wanting one of these for awhile . I really like the 5 different cup sizes . I also enjoy the variety of products . I get to enjoy hot tea almost instantly !
 I love my new Keurig Platiumn Brewing System . My husband likes reg coffee and I like the flavored ones . Finally we can both have what we want . You can even buy the little cup that you fill with your own coffee , which also works great !
 As an Amazon Prime customer , I received my new brewer in two days , free shipping , and I love that ! My new brewer was easy to set up , brews great coffee . I especially like the `` short cup '' option . Using bold coffee blends it is the next best thing to expresso for my taste . There are five cup sizes , which offers great flexibility . I have previously owned one of the first home brewers , bought when Keurig first offered the home model , about 8 years ago . That one never died , the person I gave it to dropped it . It remains to be seen if this model has as good a repair record . After giving away my old original because it got noisy , I bought a plain one size cup fits all B50 and had a string of bad luck with this model , went through 4 brewers in 21/2 years . Keurig honored its warrantee in each case of failure , sent a new one each time . I bought this B70 because I wanted the `` short cup '' option , and it was my birthday . I have no doubt that should there be any trouble with this new one , Keurig will honor its warranty . Love the Keurig brewer and Amazon Prime !
 This is great , my wife had to talk me into this purchase . Glad she did , I get to choose a variety of coffee . The coffee seems to taste better with no bitterness like you would get from coffee sitting in the pot . This model has a timer to start the initial 4 minute warmup . When I wake up it is ready to brew a cup of fresh coffee.After I made this purchase through Amazon , I found this product at Costco for about $ 15.00 less than what I bought it for .
 I recently purchased this coffee maker as a replacement to a Keurig that I had for several years . These machines are the best . Nothing like a fresh hot cup of coffee whenever you want it . In addition there was an issue with the invoice when I received the product but a short email to the vendor and I received a quick reply and the problem was corrected . I would highly recommend this product and this vendor . The vendor definitely strives to service the customer in the best possible way . I would certainly be looking to buy more from this vendor when the opportunity arises . Overall a great experience and another great Amazon purchase .
 I bought a high end Tassimo brewer last year for around $ 200.00 -LRB- $ 150.00 with the rebate -RRB- . The brewer was great but the coffee packs tasted like they were instant coffee and did not taste like the original product . Also , the coffee packs were hard to find and when you did find them , most grocery stores did not offer to many flavors . The Keurig B-70 Platinum cost me around $ 160.0 and does basically the same as the Tassimo -LRB- Except you ca n't make lattes and cappuccinos with the Keurig -RRB- . The main difference between the two is that the coffee packs for the Keurig are a whole lot easier to find and they taste more like real coffee instead of instant coffee . I also like the fact Keurig lets you brew your own coffee by using the coffee filter that is available and sold separately . -LRB- They should include it with the purchase -RRB- . But over all , I like the brewer .
 got ta say , this is an incredibe machine . It 's my 2nd . But I too , like others , did n't have it last long -LRB- 8 months -RRB- . The great thing is that Keurig DOES honor the Warranty - and does it painlessly . Makes great coffee !
 I have had my brewing system for two years now and with proper cleaning it 's still going strong . The coffee is expensive especially if you drink a lot like me but once you have this coffee you ca n't really go back to the regular drip maker 's because it 's just not the same . This is perfect for when you just want one cup of coffee fast too without having to brew the whole pot . I love the varieties of coffee and the brewing system works excellent - just make to de-scale when it says to so it will last a long time !
 I have had 2 Keurigs , this being my second one . My first one was this same model , in a deep red color . We have been using a Keurig for several years now and enjoy it so much it 's hard to not always want to have one . When our first one started acting up within the first year , Keurig promptly sent us this model to replace the first one . We got another whole year out of our first Keurig before it died and we started using this the replacement they sent us . We never had any problems with the customer service department or the warranty department . This new Keurig has outlived our first one and is still working perfectly.We start our morning with a pot of coffee from a regular coffee maker . We had gotten rid of our coffee pot when we first got our original Keurig , however we found we drink so much first thing in the morning it was best -LRB- and more affordable -RRB- to just start the day with a regular pot of coffee.Then through out the day we enjoy drinking all kinds of flavored coffees and teas . Using the Keurig for this lets us always enjoy fresh coffee with each cup and not keep throwing out half pots of the other stuff because it sat too long and got bitter . I also find I make myself more tea to drink since it 's just as easy to make a cup of that as it is to make coffee.These Keurigs do eventually suffer from mineral build up in the water tubes coming from the reservoir . To fix this an overnight treatment of vinegar helps it tremendously . Depending on how hard your water is in your area will determine how often this would need done . For us , we do it about every 3 months .
 THIS THING MAKES THE BEST COFFEE I 'VE EVERY HAD ! IT COST A BIT MORE THAN SOME BUT WAIT TIL YOU TASTE THE END PRODUCT . THE COFFEE ITSELF IS PRICEY , BUT AGAIN ARNT YOU WORTH IT ? I KNOW I AM ! SO DONT BE CHEAP YOU CANT TAKE IT WITH YOU CHAO BABY
 Purchased the B70 . A little big for me but worked OK till last week . No water dispense . Tried all the manual `` fixes '' , till I went on the internet to do THE COMPRESSED AIR TRICK . IT WORKS . DO NOT throw out you B70 till you try this .1 . Take a compressed air can used to clean computer keyboards .2 . Remove water resivour3 . Insert nozzle of air can into left and right silicon holes in upper portion of the unit4 . Blow air through BOTH left and right holes in the silicone plug5 . Repeat 4 times each blast 5 seconds eachYou will see bubbles and water come out of the bottom and the k cup needle if successful.This will fix your problem .
 I have had my machine -LRB- this exact model -RRB- for over 4 years now . The machine is used daily at least 2 times and at most 5 times a day -LRB- sometimes more -RRB- . There is n't a day that goes by in my household that this machine is not used , unless we are away , which is rare . It has never ever failed us once , and works today as well as it did on day one . I got mine at Kohl 's , all I can think is there is a flaw in the batch that Amazon is selling ? I was shocked to see so many bad reviews . I love my machine . The Hubby drinks coffee usually a cup or two a day -LRB- a waste to try and brew in a regular coffee pot -RRB- which he loves switching flavors on and I like my teas , cappuccino and specialty drinks . We can switch between drinks in a matter of a minute or two . LOVE IT !!!!
 I was hoping that a gamble on a used machine would work out , but the result was more than satisfactory . The only thing missing -LRB- naturally -RRB- was an owner 's manual ... which was easily downloaded from the Keurig website . Now , if only I could find a reliable source of affordable K-cups ...
 This is my second Keurig . My first one has actually started dying , and I promised myself that when I replaced it it would be the best model . My original was the cheapest option , but I have used it religiously.This model has a ton more functions , a couple of extra cup sizes , programmable , a larger reservoir ... I am extremely pleased with this purchase!If you have n't ever tried a Keurig you really should . I adore the ease of use and the k-cups seem to be everywhere now!It 's a wonderful coffee maker and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a quality coffee maker .
 I have had the Keurig B-70 for a week now , and I find it to be an excellent coffee maker . It has just the right features for me , and I tell you I had a hard time deciding between all the different models . In the end I settled on this one because it can hold 60oz of water , is programmable , goes up to 11.25 oz cup size and it looks very nice on my counter.Pros : * 5 cup sizes , so you can make really strong or semi-weak coffee/tea . * Programmable - You can tell it to turn on at 6am and shut off at 8am or whenever . You can also tell it how long to wait before it shuts down once you make a cup during the day . 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 , or 9 hours . * 60oz Water capacity , so you can make 8-10 cups before filling it again . This is great because I did n't want to have to refill it every day . * K-Cups can be purchased all over , from Amazon or other retailers making it very accessible . * Fairly quick . You can turn it on and within 2 min have a hot cup of coffee , or even faster if your pre-programmed it to turn on in the morning.Cons : * Cost , at $ 170 it 's a very expensive coffee maker , and at $ .50 -.60 a cup of coffee , its more than a regular coffee pot would be , but in the end I think it 's worth it . * Plastic front . Although it LOOKs like metal , it is not . It 's all plastic with a metal handle and metal drip tray . I was hoping they would make this model have some stainless steel so it would match my appliances but it is not .11.25 oz -LRB- the largest size -RRB- does make your coffee/tea a weaker tasting drink , but for anyone who does not like a super strong cup of coffee , this is actually a Pro , not a Con.Overall I think this is a great Coffee Maker , and well worth it . Now only time will tell how long it will hold up to daily use .
 Works great , now I get to have coffee before I head to work instead of waiting till I get to work ... and I get to have good coffee , not prison coffee .
 I have been thrilled with this coffeemaker . So easy , no mess , and I am very happy with the coffee it kicks out . My favorite so far is the green mountain extra bold . I am happy that I do n't throw out part of a pot every day . Yes , each cup is a bit more expensive , but there is less waste for me . Takes up less space than the coffeemaker and grinder that I used to have on the counter . ** UPDATE ** After a few months of happiness , my Keurig started `` short-cupping '' me . When I would try to brew a medium or large cup , I could hear water flowing back into the reservoir while it brewed and the resulting cup would be about the size of a small . I googled this problem and got the solution - thanks to some frustrated individual who needed their morning caffeine fix even more than me , I guess . The problem is not caused by clogging or buildup of residue anywhere in the system , but an air bubble in the water delivery system . Here 's the fix
 We use this coffee maker everyday , and the money we spend on k-cups is outrageous , but the coffee is excellent . Just wake up , add cold water , k-cup of choice , and you 're ready to greet the day . It 's that quick and easy ...
 The Keurig Brewing System is amazing . Now that we can make one cup or coffee or tea and others , we use it several times a day .
 We LOVE this machine and have never had any problems with it . We love getting fresh , hot , delicious coffee in seconds . We love being able to mix it up with different k cups . Get a Solofill -LRB- or 2 -RRB- with this !
 PRO 's
 After 3 years of everyday use , the unit finally gave out . I did purchase another one and it 's still in use . A bit noisy , but not so bad that I do n't like it .
 An excellent product that save time and trouble and makes a great drink depending on you choice . Rarely used our regular coffee makers because making a full pot of coffee in our house would mean a lot of wasted coffee .
 I love it and so does my husband . Definitely worth the price . If you do n't have one , get one . Brilliant
 The Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing System I got yesterday came with a note in the box saying Keurig had upgrade it to Model B75 , which now INCLUDES the Keurig Water Filter Starter Kit . So , if you planning on using the water filter kit , you no longer have to order it . Use the money instead to order some replacement filters ... . Amazon , as always , was very helpful in getting me a return for the filter kit I no longer needed , but I had to call them - this situation is n't covered using their website 's `` Return '' process .
 It works great , and love it . It has five cup sizes so the big family can each have their amount .
 Bought it for my staff to use in the office for Valentine 's Day and they absolutely love it . Arrived 5 days after ordering and was in original , unopened , box , no issues with packing as indicated earlier . Saved a ton and highly recommend !
 We 've had a Keuring , Elite 40 for 7 or 8 years now . It works fine but it always made a racket when brewing . we finally decided to buy a new system and bought the B70 Platinum brewer . Wow , what a difference . It seems we made a jump from the stone age to the 21st century . Quiet , more water capacity and we jumped from have two cup sizes to five . We 're hoping that this one gives us as many years of service as our old Kreurig .
 I live with three other adults who all have different tastes in hot beverages . The Keurig just made our mornings easier . Everyone gets to have what they want when they want . It stays on all day .
 Absolutely love it ! You get a tasty cup of coffee in about 45 seconds . Very easy to use . I just recommend that you do not use tap water . My last 2 Keurigs failed after 6 months each . I did the descaling process , but it still stopped working . I &#34; m hoping this one holds up better . Keurig has GREAT customer service .
 When I got the B 70 maker it was easy to set up it came with a variety pack of coffee and tea i do have a subscription for coffee with amazon so i save money because you get 2 packs of 25 for about 17 dollars if you go to target or bed bath and beyond you will pay about 10 dollars and get 16-18 cups it has a timer where you can set it to turn on or off at a set time or turn off 1-10 ? hrs after the last brewing cycle it works for me !!!
 I got this coffee maker about a year ago maybe more . I love it and I do n't think I will ever be able to live without it . . I even took it camping . All of the grocery stores carry the coffee now . At first it was hard to find but now no problem . It makes the perfect cup of coffee for about 50 centes per cup instead of 2.00 at Dunkin Donuts ! There are so many different kinds of coffee and tea to choose from that everybody will be happy . . no mess , easy , fun . I would recommend buying the cup that you can fill with your own coffee just in case you run out of the k-cups -LRB- been there -RRB- it is worth the money
 I bought the Keurig B70 about 4 months ago after much research regarding pod-style coffee brewers . We went with the B70 at the end because of the large water capacity and the 4 sizes . My husband and I work full time with long commutes , and we also have an infant . Getting ready in the morning is a race - so this coffee maker has helped speed up the process . We also love it because my inlaws drink decaf so when they visit we no longer have to brew two pots of coffee . I like flavored and my husband likes dark roasts so now everyone is happy . I 've also skeptically tried a few of the teas and have been impressed . Next I will try the Indian-style chai as my family is from India and I want to know if I can skip the painstakingly long process of making Indian chai when my parents come to visit.The only downsides
 We purchased this in December 2007 and love it . Great cup of coffee every time and it 's very quick . Easy to use , compact and looks nice too . Yes , the pump makes some noise when it kicks in briefly but that 's pretty minor . Very recommended product .
 I purchased the B70 coffee maker about 2 months ago because while my wife and I both like coffee , we rarely fixed it at home . She drinks decaf , I like regular , and we are always rushing to get us or the kids ready . So after paying too much for Starbucks for too long I wanted a coffee maker that was fast and we could each have what we wanted with very little prep time or clean up.I have just described the Keurig B70 perfectly , except I left off all kinds of accolades . It is fast 35-40 seconds for a 10 oz mug , easy , no clean up , there are tons of flavors and types of coffee , and it makes a fantastic cup of coffee . Before I bought it , I read some reviews that said it makes weak coffee . The truth is just like any coffee maker , if you put in too much water , and not enough coffee , it will be weak , but there are so many varieties of coffee , you can get any stength that you like . I personally fix a medium roast in the 10 oz size , but if I take a travel mug to work with me , I 'll use a bold coffee in the 12 oz size.Not only does it make the perfect cup , it makes it consistently , and since the coffee is packed in air tight cups , it is always fresh . I think these single cup coffee machines are in a way kind of like Tivo when Tivo first came out . Anyone who did n't own one , thought it was just like a basic VCR . But once you used a Tivo , you would never switch back . In five years this is how all coffee will be made , I am just glad I discovered it early .
 I had purchased the B60 for my brother as a gift and after hearing -LRB- and trying -RRB- firsthand how awesome this machine is , I had to get one myself . I have a Breville espresso maker -LRB- which I love also -RRB- and really like the flavors and money savings of doing it myself . But -LRB- of course in my opinion -RRB- nothing beats the Keurig for a fast - really good cup of coffee or hot chocolate or tea !
 I attended a conference at the Lowes Bay Coronado -LRB- CA -RRB- and their in-room coffee makers were Keurigs with a nice selection of k-cups
 Before I bought this coffeemaker I wasted more coffee than I drank . I 'm the only coffee drinker in the house and although my old coffeemaker would make 2 cups at a time , it was n't good unless I 'd made at least 6 cups.I did think long and hard before I purchased this . This is a pretty penny to spend on a coffeemaker , but I had been drinking coffee from an overpriced coffeehouse so I think this will pay for itself in no time ! I must preface this with I do n't like really strong coffee and if you do maybe this is n't the route for you to go . I use the extra bold in my travel mug and it is very good.There is some noise associated with this machine but it is like a medium hum . When I used this for the first time -LRB- priming -RRB- it did vibrate pretty good but since the priming it has n't vibrated that hard at all . The coffee comes out hot , fast and really good . I love the fact that if I want a cup of coffee in the evening I can have one without wasting.I really appreciate the 4 cup sizes so I can accomodiate any of my mugs . All in all I would highly recommend this . The only downfall I can find is the wasting of all the plastic with the K-cups . I know I can make my own with ` My K-cup ' but I guess I 'm lazy.Try it ! I do n't think you 'll be disappointed !
 The Keurig B70 is a fabulous coffee maker . It makes a really wonderful cup of coffee ; a large variety of blends are available to use in the machine ; and it is functional and stylish . By far the best single cup coffee maker I have ever used & worth every penny . I love the large water tank capacity , 4 available cup sizes -LRB- the travel mug size is a nice feature if you take coffee to work -RRB- , and the very attractive design . But best of all -- great tasting coffee every time . So many delicious flavors that it 's a challenge to decide what to have each morning . I hestitated about spending this amount on a coffee maker , but am glad I did . Highly recommended .
 Insignificant facts
 My husband and I are so thrilled with our new Keurig B70 ! This is our first single cup coffee maker . We decided to splurge on this purchase now that I am pregnant because we are both one-cup-a-morning people and he still drinks caffeinated while I now prefer decaf . With our Bunn -LRB- which we also love -RRB- we found that we were pouring at least 6 cups a day down the drain . When I saw the advertisements for Keurig , I knew we had to have it ! So far we have not been disappointed.My husband loves that he can quickly make his cup of coffee in the morning as he gets ready for work , with just the push of a button . I love the variety of flavors and the fact that I get a perfect cup every time -LRB- I am notorious for making coffee too weak or too strong -RRB- . We both enjoy having hot chocolate and apple cider on cold evenings while we are winding down ! We are not `` coffee fanatics , '' just regular people who like to have a good-tasting cup every morning , but we are now discovering how fun it is to try out different strengths , blends , and flavors of coffee . It is so easy to find K-cups from all sorts of retailers , from Amazon to Walmart to Keurig.com.Let me point out that I would not want this to be my ONLY coffee maker . I still need my Bunn for times when I have company and need to brew several cups at once . But this has definitely become our every day machine.I like the automatic on/off feature . Right now we keep it on during the day and off at night to save energy . The instructions were very easy to understand and setting up the machine is pretty self-explanatory . My only regret is that I did n't have one of these when I was in college -- it would have been perfect in my dorm or apartment and kept me from spending so much money at Starbuck 's ! : -RRB-
 I bought my Keurig maker 2 years ago as a Christmas gift for a spouse who loves both coffee and gadgets . We have thoroughly enjoyed the flexibility it gives us to make a variety of coffees quickly . If I want decaf after dinner and my husband wants regular , there is no need to compromise . When we entertain , we can put out a variety of k-cups for people who like it mild , bold , flavored , etc. . The variety of coffees available in k-cups grows and grows . We buy our k-cups from Amazon Subscribe and Save to help keep the price down.We bought the little refillable plastic k-cup that lets you use your own coffee , which saves both money and unnecessary packaging . It works fine , but , to be honest , the prefilled k-cups are so convenient I rarely use it.I feel compelled to weigh in on this product both to counteract and perhaps to help a number of customers who have had problems with their Keurig machines failing.We have had some problems with the maker , and the service technicians have been very helpful on the phone for minor problems . Best of all , when they were unable to help me , they sent me a new maker . Even though I bought my machine on December 2 , 2008 , there is a new Keurig maker on its way to me right now . The machine is not perfect , but given the way the company stands behind it , I recommend it without hesitation .
 I considered buying a Keurig sometime ago after using them in the waiting rooms of a couple of business . I was amazed at how fast they make a cup of coffee . I picked up a B70 on impulse at a BB&B on Black Friday because of a great sale price . Before opening the box I searched for reviews and was disappointed to find that so many people where having problems with them . Many people were on the 3rd and 4th Keurigs because of issues with them . I considered retuning the unopened box instead of going through the headaches . I did find enough positive reviews on a different forum of long time owners that made me change my mind and give it a try . I have only been using it for 4 days but I love it . I have gone over my caffeine limit everyday because I love the way it works . It 's even nice to use to make a quick cup of tea by just running the hot water into a cup with tea bags . I may just become a liberal teabagger :-RRB- . The only downside so far is the price of the k-cups . They are really pricey . Between my wife and myself , we drink at least 4 cups a day which means we would go through one of those 18 pack k-cup boxes in 41/2 days . That 's 10 bucks every 5 days or about 60 bucks a month . I did buy one of those things that let you use regular coffee and I 'm sure we will be going that route often to keep down the cost . It obvious that the company makes the bulk of their money on the coffee since they so freely and often replace broken machines . I would have given it 5 stars but I gave it 4 stars because of the high price of the k-cups . I 'll probably update my review when I have it for awhile or if I experience any problems .
 Keurig B-70 B70 Platinum Single-Cup Home Brewing SystemI 'm currently working overseas and it is so convenient to brew just a cup at a time since I 'm always up and down in my office . Now I have others offices joining me with purchasing different types of coffee . We are having a blast with it . I -LRB- We -RRB- could n't happier !
 I would give it a 5 star rating two weeks ago , that is , before it failed on me . I like the idea of not having to wash coffee pot and holder everyday . Besides , my wife and I have different schedules , with this coffee maker , we do n't have to figure out how to keep the pot hot . The variety of coffee makes things interesting . It 's all good until it stopped working . The unit makes noise , but the water level does n't go down . Sometimes it just turns off by itself in the middle of that . This happens intermittently when we make coffee an hour apart . If we make the 2nd cup immediately after the first cup , it will definitely fail . I have to take it back to a local store where I got it . My advice is to get it from a reliable local store so you can easily return it when it breaks . Enjoy it when it still works . -LSB- Update 11/20/2011 -RSB- It has been over a year since I got a new unit . This time , I tried to keep the water level up so that the light wo n't flash . I do n't know if that did the trick or if I got a non-defective unit this time . It has been working ever since . I really enjoy the amenities this coffee maker offers as I mentioned in the last review . The only think I could wish for is to hook it up with a water supply so that I do n't even have to fill the reservoir every couple of days . But that is a totally different coffee maker .
 Finally , a coffee pot that makes outstanding coffee and is n't built for obsolescence . It provides you with exactly what you want -- a great cuppa without leaking , spewing , tantrums , or obstinacy . It does all this while maintaining its attractive allure and quiet competence . What a girl and low maintenance , too !
 I received this coffee maker for Christmas and love it ! I was going to buy it myself , but was a little concerned about the negative comments , especially about the reusable filter system , as I planned on making coffee with my own brands . But that has turned out to be no problem . The B70 works great , is relatively quiet , brews consistently , and the reusable filters work fine . I have n't noticed any weak cups of coffee , or pump problems . My only complaint is the price of the cups , and the difficulty of finding a selection outside of the internet . But , if you brew your own , or search hard enough for good deals , even that complaint is small.Follow up : About six months later , the pump on mine failed . * sigh * Add me to the list of ` pump ' people . The good news ? I had absolutely no trouble taking it back and getting a new one . I was told that the pump had been fixed , and I was getting a `` new '' version . It 's been another six months , and it works just fine . In fact , it seems to work a little better than the original one.Oh , and I 'm finding the coffee in more and more places , so that is getting better , too .
 Expensive but likely worth it . Once you buy the machine you can get your cup of coffee for about 40 cents which is undoubtedly more than the typical brew a pot approach however the convenience is amazing . In looking through the reviews I saw some concerns about whether the coffee would be hot enough . With this unit on the max temperature and with a biggest cup setting -LRB- 12 oz -RRB- with some cold milk already in the bottom of my mug the resulting coffee was still too hot to actually start drinking.The product is clearly well designed and engineered . The water reservoir is still a bit small ... especially 12 oz at a crack.In a nutshell ... buy it ... you 'll be glad you did .
 We needed a one cup coffee maker for our home because we were wasting pot after pot when brewing based on different schedules . I did a fair amount of research and decided that the seemingly superior mechanics combined with the outstanding coffee selection made the Keurig the better choice -LRB- versus Tassimo -RRB- although the other systems do have the ability to froth milk we thought the coffee selection was a bigger factor.We have had the B70 for a month now and have made a hundred or so cups of coffee through it and we could not be happier!It 's a great machine that delivers an outstanding cup of coffee.The xtra bold kcups contain 30 % more coffee and if you 're brewing a bug cup -LRB- travel mug -RRB- and like it on the strong side look at those selections first . The coffee people organic is hard to beat . We also love Timothy 's xtra bold offerings.A great added bonus is the ability to make tea and iced tea , we drink as much teacas coffee and the selection of kcup teas in very good . All in all this is one of my favorite purchases in many years and I plan to buy another for my office !!
 good coffee , no mess , lots of varietyeasy to make/grind your own beans with the k-cup -LRB- you should use the modification and cut out an old use k-cup and place it in the tub to keep the water seaping a little bit longer . -RRB- Also you can re-use old k-cups about5-6 times with your own grinds . Both has been explained in the older reviews and works well for people who like stronger cups !
 I had my doubts about a single cup system . But once I tried it , I was hooked . The unit is easy to use , clean , and quickly brews a cup of coffee . There is a large variety of coffee flavors to go with it . And there is an insert that comes with it so our own bulk coffee can be used . We told our best friends about it and they now enjoy their machine too .
 After researching many different brands and models of single-cup brewers , the Keurig B70 was the clear winner . It makes an EXCELLENT cup of coffee ; there is nothing `` instant-tasting '' about it . For the record , I 've been trying many different varieties of coffee , and my favorite is Coffee People 's ExtraBold Donut Shop , medium . As many people have noted , K-cups can be expensive if you do n't shop around , but you 'll find that different online sites are pretty competitively priced . Make sure you register your brewer at -LSB- ... -RSB- to receive 2 boxes of K-cups when you purchase 2 .
 I 've had this machine now for about 2 weeks . I purchased this one because it stated it had the `` quiet brew '' The B60 apparently does as well per manufacturer website , but Amazon did not specifically mention it on the B60 page so I got the B70 to make sure -LRB- though it costs more -RRB- . I am glad I did . This thing is super quiet - when you initially turn it on , you 'll hear water boiling for a few seconds -LRB- not very loud -RRB- . When you push the brew button , all you will hear is the sounds of water dripping in your cup . Nothing else.Coffee wise , I am very happy . I like STRONG tasty coffee , not that diluted colored water stuff . You 'll find it with this machine -LRB- go for the `` bold '' types of coffee for strong coffee -RRB- . The timer is very useful . The machine turns on automatically at 6:30 so that I can have my coffee in SECONDS when I get to the kitchen -LRB- no waiting time , push the button and it 's ready -RRB- . It automatically turns off a few hours later so little electricity wasted.Compared to Tassimo which I have had for past 3 years
 This brewer has been great for me and my entire family . Not only did it help me get my 4 cup a day coffee addiction under control -LRB- I 'm now down to one cup because I do n't have to make an entire pot -RRB- , but I found another use for it.I use the hot water with no K-cup inserted to make instant oatmeal . I hated doing it in the microwave because it always makes a mess , and a 1 year old child does not understand that you have to wait for water to boil on the stove . This machine has made my morning routine much more pleasant and easier!I also use the auto-replenish ordering for my K-cups through Amazon . Best thing I ever did !
 For the last 4 years I have been using the Keurig B50 to make my yummy coffee . I decided to sell it -LRB- after 3 plus years and still in great working order -RRB- and upgrade to the new B76 -LRB- yes it says B70 on the box , check the serial number for the real model code -RRB- . It is absolutely amazing ! It has 5 brew sizes , so fits all our family 's needs for brewing . The water pump is practically silent ! It draws in water , and there is little to NO vibration even . My husband made a cup of coffee with it and after a minute we both turned around and wondered if the machine had even done anything . He pressed brew , went back to getting ready for work , and VOILA ! A great -LRB- and silently performed -RRB- brewed cup of coffee in his travel mug . No more lifting the handle and brewing some more to fill his cup.I 've looked at almost all of the reviews on amazon just to see what others have said . First of all , if your coffee is watery , you either have a defective machine , or you are used to a stronger more acidic cup of coffee from your old brewer and you 're running too much water through a light roast . You do have to use the right intensity for your tastes . With so many choices though , it 's hard for me to believe that you would n't be able to find `` just the cup '' . Furthermore , Keurig , like any other company , is not infallible . Sometimes things break in transit , or production even . Get over it . Return it and they 'll make it right . I 've never had anything but pleasant help from them . One person here left a review stating that for $ 200 the machine should easily last over 5 years ... while that would be nice , it 's not reasonable . Over 5 years , I had paid more than $ 200 for `` pot stlye '' brewers that always malfunctioned before a year of age , and the coffee they produced was horrible . By his math , a $ 1200 refrigerator should function flawlessly for what ... 30 years ? : -RRB- The keurig brewer is not for everyone , but it should be . Give it a chance . Also with a 20 % discount from BB and Beyond , it 's not over $ 140 for a purchase price not including tax .
 tHIS PRODUCT IS JST RIGHT FOR ME THE 1 CUP OR 4 CUPS TODAY IS GREAT . N wasted coffee grounds . set it up and every thing is ready for me in the AM ...
 I love the timer , the speed , the coffee that it brews . The only thing is that it does n't fit many of my `` taller '' travel mugs under it . I realize that making a taller unit may look a bit awkward , but that is the only criticism that I have . All around a terrific unit .
 My husband and I love the Keuring B70 Platinum . It is easy to use , fast steaming hot coffee in just seconds . I had heard about the K-cup coffee maker from friends who have one . They raved about it being much better than their other coffee maker . So , when I saw the k-cups in Starbucks I decide I would buy one . I am very glad I did .
 It makes convenient for makeing coffee especially for something different . I still use my Bunn . I appreciate abbility to try different typs of coffee .
 While I would n't say this machine is for the gourmet coffee drinker , it does the job for everyday coffee drinking . In fact I have come to prefer it to our Saeco automatic epresso machine -LRB- because I can buy one of these for the same price of ONE saeco repair -RRB- . My parents ' have had this machine for about 2 years and it has made hundreds of cups of coffee without a glitch . So I bought one myself . Hopefully it will hold up as well . It makes an easy , predictable cup of coffee every time .
 We have not had a good cup of coffee for years . I had gotten to the point I did n't drink coffee at home anymore . No matter what we did , changed coffee pots , coffee , filtered water , distilled water ... nothing helped ... until I decided just one more time to buy another coffee machine . I HAVE FALLEN IN LOVE with my Keurig . We drink more coffee now than we ever have , because this is the best coffee that my husband and I have ever had . Finally .
 We like the unit , it performs as advertised and look very nice . I have negative reviews but so far it is a great brewing system
 This has to be one of the best things I ever bought for the kitchen . I love coffee and the K-cups make excellent coffee . There are a lot of choices -LRB- expresso is really good -RRB- and it can be used for tea and hot chocolate . Beats Starbucks in both flavor and cost . Highly recommend .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas as a gift . The whole family loved it ! My two daughters , my wife , her parents , and my mother all enjoyed hot drinks instantly even though we all have different tastes . Along with the coffee maker I gave each family member a box of their favorite drinks . The girls each had a different kind of hot chocolate , the mother in law had spiced cider , my mom had half tea and half lemonade , my wife had butter toffe late , I had tradional capuchino , and the father in law had donut shop coffee , black . The Kurig machine made them all back to back to back without any wait or any waste . With the K-cups there is no cross contamination of flavors and with the big reservoir on this unit there was no waiting . The 5 different cup sizes came in handy as everyone 's apatite was a little different . There is an unbelievable variety of flavors for these things so I 'm sure that you can find one that you 'll love . We did discover that not all of the K-cups can make the largest cup size because they got too weak . Please note that if you drink large volumes of the same coffee all day long then a Kurig machine probably is n't for you as the per cup price is easily twice what you get from a traditional drip coffee maker . However , If you like variety or if you find yourself pouring the extra coffee that you do n't drink away then a Kurig machine is an option that I highly recommend .
 This worked wonderfully for the first 7 months , then it started sputtering and would n't finish brewing . I called Keurig and they sent a replacement immediately . That was awesome ! They did n't even ask me to send the unit back , just a specific part . Now I have had the replacement for about 5 months and it has been working fine until this past month . It wo n't break all the way , so whenever I call Keurig it decides to behave while I 'm on the phone . Grrr . However , the people on the phone are super nice and it is great to know that IF this unit ever does break for real they will stand behind their product . I did just run vinegar through the unit and it has gone back to working without any issues . You do have to de-scale these every 3 months . Just like other coffee pots .
 This coffee maker is the perfect thing for people that like to drink coffee in the morning , but only have time to just drink one cup . I prefer my coffee really weak , so I like to reuse the k cup that my husband uses that same morning !
 I bought the Keurig B-70 Platinum machine in October 2010 and we have really enjoyed this machine . We do n't waste coffee and it 's so convenient that each person can brew their favorite flavor . The machine is so easy to use , even my adult child with a disability can now brew his own coffee . One word of advice though if purchasing this coffee machine ... make sure you complete your warranty card and register your machine ! On 30 September , one month before the warranty was to expire , our machine stopped working . Because I had completed the warranty and registered the machine , Keurig is mailing me a new one . I 'm a little disappointed with the durability of this machine . For the price you pay for it , it should last longer than 11 months . We 'll see how long the new one lasts ... but if it does n't last longer than a year I wo n't purchase another one -LRB- even though we have enjoyed this machine -RRB- .
 Great strong coffee with an eko filter to keep it environmentally sound . Perfect for a teacher in a classroom all day .
 This is a replacement unit for my Keurig B60 which started leaking after 8 months of use . The new B70 works great and is much quieter ! My only gripe -LRB- and it 's a minor one -RRB- is that the base does not sit flat on the counter top . There is a bit of wobble due to the layout of the rubber feet on the bottom.Aside from that , great coffee maker .
 I switched from a regular coffee maker , to an espresso machine -LRB- which was way too loud and took way too long -RRB- , to this Keurig coffeemaker . I LOVE it . I can make a super fast cup of tea , coffee , hot chocolate , etc. . AND it 's so easy that my kids can make their own hot tea or hot chocolate too ! The gigantic reservoir only needs refilling every few days . It 's a great purchase -LRB- so far ... and I `` ve had it about 6 months now -RRB-
 A large reason I selected this particular model was because it was supposed to allow extra space for taller cups . I want to grab my coffee as I run out the door and then have something to drink for my 30-45 min commute . It is taller , and it does allow more space than an average coffee 16-20 oz to-go cup I typically find . I rummaged thru my cupboards and found one to fit . It worked out well . In the future I will just have to shop differently . Oh well . I read alot of comments since I bought this about it breaking down . So far it runs like a charm . We shall see .
 We really like it and the variety of different coffees we can select from every day . Everyone can have their favorite . No stale coffee .
 Keurig B70 Platinum Brewing SystemLove the Keurig B70 ! It great when you want just one cup . YEAH . Got it only three days after a bought it .
 I like the conveniency . Especially during those mornings when I 'm rushing out . My guest seem to enjoy the the variety of the other beverages . I ' m gifting the B70 for to a friend , for her office . I Still have my 12 cup coffee maker for larger groups but lately I have not needed it .
 My purchase of the B70 Platinum Brewer is pretty impractical . As much as I do like coffee , I do n't drink enough of it anyway to have constant use of my brewer , but for coffee . I use it mainly for the quick and easy hot water , and if you 're like me , you 've run into the Ekobrew cups that are reuseable with whatever kind of coffee it is you want . So the B70 + Ekobrew cups = Awesome .
 And this machine has changed my life . No more morning or late night or midday trips to Starbucks . This machine does it all !
 I love this thing . I do n't use the K-Cups . I use the refillable/reusable cup and save HUGH bucks doing so . It is fast as long as it is ready to brew , it take about a minuret to get ready to brew . Set the time for it to come on in the morning , place the cup in the machine , hit brew , one minuet later , sip you coffe . You can also set the brewing temp . My wife make tea with this , she runs just he water through it with out a cup and BAM . tea time .
 The reason I chose this Keurig over the normal Keurig -LRB- non-platinum -RRB- was because of it 's ability to &#34; adjust the brew temperature &#34; to make iced coffee . I was under the impression you 'd be able to drop the brew temperature to whatever you like -LRB- it does n't specify this anywhere in the product description -RRB- . After opening it , I realized you can lower the temperature to about 5 degrees below the normal brew temp ... so still have to wait for it to cool down for iced coffee . The product works fine , but definitely not worth the extra money just for this feature .
 Love the coffeemaker . It 's great for those of you who do n't need a whole pot at one time . . Also fast when you have company and they can choose what type they want .
 I find the k-cups a little expensive . .25 to .50 cents a cup , though if you find yourself going to a coffee shop a lot it will be a savings
 Other than being a bit pricy it s awespme really enjoy it . I would definately purchase again . It brews fast no waiting no waste
 My son loves coffee so I got this for a housewarming gift when he moved into his new home . Well , he is very happy with it and so am I.
 this coffee maker is supurb!coffee is not only delicious but this machinemakes it extremely convienentalso the amount of money we saved bypassing by the drive thru franchises makes this a real plus
 LOVE my single-serve Keurig coffemaker ! A variety of k-cups available from a variety of manufacturers at very reasonable prices & also like the choice of 3 different ` serving ' sizes ... . handy for if I 'm making a morning mug or evening latte . Have had my machine for 6 months - has always worked perfectly ` on demand ' . I also use it to brew tea & make single-serve cocoa ! Easy to use and makes Great beverages quickly .
 I purchased this unit at Costco and have owned it for a couple of months . I love it . I am a coffee-fanatic who prefers to drink good quality coffee within 10 minutes of brewing . The sleek design and the convenience is ideal for my office . Here are some key points.I like the My K-cup . I use 2 teaspoons of ground coffee -LRB- for drip-brew -RRB- , it takes less than a minute to set it up , a few minutes to brew , and less than a minute to clean up . Totally worth it . It is as much effort as brewing coffee on drip-brew coffee machines , with the brewing step being much faster on Keurig . I find this coffee to be strong -LRB- or stronger -RRB- than drip-brews . For stronger brew , stuff the My K-cup to brim.If you are in a rush , switch out the My K-cup adapter for the K-cup adapter and you are set to go . Good coffee within minutes.Advise to people considering other Keurig machines . I have to re-fill water on this unit about once a week . I think having to add water everyday would make the process more cumbersome . Worth the extra bucks to get bigger capacity if you enjoy coffee on daily basis . It will pay for it self if you use My K-cups in a matter of months .
 This coffeemaker is the bomb :-RRB- I LOVE it . Easy to use , no more wasted coffee ! As with all coffee , you need to try it before you buy it so I tried the k-cups that came with it and I loved lots of the varieties of coffees . My favorite was the Newman 's Own Organic coffee . Love the programming features also plus it tells you when to add water . We have ours set to shut off at night and turn on in the morning.WONDERFUL COFFEEMAKER ! WE LOVE IT !!!
 I have owned many machines in my life time . Starbucks Barista , Braun , Mr. Coffee , Krups , Black and Decker , Bunn and the list goes on and on . I seem to always be in search of the perfect one ! I think I have found it !! Keurig B70 is very easy to use yet has many options . It 's very easy to fill and load the water container and the coffee does n't get any easier than just having to pop in a gourmet single cup or one you have filled with your favorite coffee and close it . Select your cup size and you are ready to go ! Within seconds you have a fresh brewed cup !! I also like that I can have a cup of tea just as easily . My daughter loves ice tea and the Keurig makes her a glass just as easy as making a cup of coffee . With other coffee makers my main complaint has been the pot of remaining coffee will taste bitter and burnt within a couple of hours . I would always end up dumping it . Or the carafe like the Barista has , soon it would be cold and the coffee dumped . With this maker it 's one cup at a time and it 's the coffee choice you want . It just does n't get any better than the Keurig !!!!! I 'm so happy I read the reviews and bought one !!! I think this will be the last coffee maker I buy .
 before I got my Keurig . Now every morning I get up and drink 2 cups as my Keurig automatically comes on at 6 am for me and then cuts itself off.All the amazing coffees you can try without buying a bunch of different bags of beans.This is one of my favorite gadgets I own.Enjoy !
 Loved my Keurig so much I bought another one for my office during black friday.Great machine , fast , pretty silent . Love it !
 I 'd been searching for a coffee maker for some time . So many look good and the price range is ridiculous , what does a girl buy ? I knew I did n't want a coffee maker with a large pot , my husband does n't drink coffee and I typically drink one or two cups . I owned a Senseo at one time but primarily used it for tea , the coffee always had a funky cardboard taste to me . To get a decent selection of coffees or teas I had to go online , it just was n't convenient to have to order my pods and wait for them.The Keurig is a whole different story . I was at at store and saw the B70 , I was still on the fence until I saw this new model could make a glass of iced tea as well . Needless to say I was sold , yay for impulse buying !! I love how quick this makes coffe , tea and hot chocolate . The manual says it could take over a minute for a cup but I 've found it 's always less than a minute . I also love the fact I can locally buy the K-cups if I run out or I can use the mycup if I want to use my own coffee or tea.My in-laws came out for a couple of weeks and they fell in love with this too . They are the typical older parents , they know what they like and do n't want to change . They like their Folgers Classic and that 's what they wanted to drink . I knew they could use the Mycup but I had no idea on the amount or if the taste would be different . I had only used Mycup for tea , which it worked fine for . They came out , I should them how to use it and I think they liked this machine a little more everyday . About a week into their visit they said they wanted one for home and the Keurig actually made the coffee taste better.Oh , and I like the light for the water reservoir . It 's bright enough to act as a night light in the kitchen but not so bright it 's annoying . The light also blinks when the water gets low , again a nice , non-annoying way to let me know to fill it.Pros : Easy to useEasier to clean than a coffee makerSaves money , no wasted coffeeBrews a better cup of coffeeBrew good hot chocolate , we use the Cafe Escapes K-cupsEasy to find K-cups locally and are cheaper than onlineEveryone can get the coffee , tea , hot chocolate they wantBrews quicklyCons : Now we have to buy one for the in-lawsReservoir could be bigger but then I suppose it would make the foot print bigger , which I would n't want .
 I love this coffee maker it is so nice and easy to use ... I use it at least 3-4 times a day and it makes a perfect cup everytime and I love the Coffee Mug Setting
 Got this last year been using it everyday since . It brews very constantly and has plenty of coffee selection to keep me happy . I have 2 minor issue with the brewer . 1 . when you store the unit there is no way for the water in the inner tank to be drained . 2 . the quiet brew it is n't really quiet . but it is not as loud as B60 that is for sure . Had they allow the unit to be completely drain of water when storing , i would have given it 5 stars .
 Love this machine !! I 've had a Senseo for years , bought it after a trip to Holland where every family member owned one . We were able to by all sorts of teas and coffees while in Holland to go with it . After coming home I found those same things were not available in the US . It got very expensive having family send it.The Keurig is extremely quite in comparison the Senseo . The variety of K cups is amazing . We 're big tea drinking and love all the different options.I love the fact I can choose from 5 different size cups.Also the programmable timer is a blessing , no waiting for it to heat up in the morning , I get up and it 's ready to brew !!
 Finally purchased my own Keurig coffee maker after enjoying the product at friends homes and business offices . Here 's the thing ... when you look forward to going to a doctor 's appointment , because of the coffee products ... well , it says something!The B70 is high tech , attractive , streamlined shape and function , and easy to use . The Keurig machine is convenient without having to constantly rinse and clean a traditional coffee maker , and you never run out of filters ! The absolute best part is that with emphasis on quality of life , effects on ecology ... this method is exceptional . If you want to keep your intake at a certain level -LRB- 2 cups per day -RRB- or get tired of throwing out unused coffee in a carafe ... this is for you ! The other amazing aspect is that it offers an easy way to host a variety of beverages for guests ... not only an array of coffees that boggles the mind , but decaffinated coffees , hot chocolate , herbal teas , even hot cider ... i am very pleased and drinking a cup of French Roast right now ... Cheers !
 First , I love my coffee maker , however , it has a little quirk
 I already owned and was very happy with the B60 -LRB- the model one down from this one -RRB- . I love the coffee and choices available . It does n't taste instant . Just plain good coffee and very convenient . The only thing I did n't like was the noise it made while making a cup . I get up at 5 which is long before my wife and baby are awake . So making a `` loud '' cup of coffee at 5 in the morning was n't always a good idea.I saw where this one has `` quiet brew '' technology so I decided to purchase it . I was AMAZED at how much quieter it was . You can barely hear when the machine pumps water to make coffee . It also holds more water so that is a definate plus . So if your looking at different models and ca n't choose ... definately buy this one . You 'll be happy you did .
 I love this coffee maker . It is so easy to use . Fresh coffee every time !!!
 This is a great coffee maker . Coffee fresh and ready in seconds . Great looking too .
 We purchased the Keurig B70 Gourmet Single-Cup home brewing system for Christmas because our last coffee maker finally bit the dust . I was not ready to spend over $ 150 for a coffee maker , but once I saw the demonstration , how simple it worked and then I tasted the quality of the brew , I was totally sold . We love it because of the quickness and ease with which you can brew a personalized cup of coffee , tea , hot chocolate , etc. . This coffee maker has five different brew sizes , and also lets you make up your own blends in addition to using the manufacturers standard and gourmet blends . I like to buy Dunkin Donuts coffee beans and grind them myself . I was never able to duplicate the Dunkin Donuts taste , but with the Keurig B70 , I can control the temperature and quantity of coffee grounds per cup , and am now able to virtually duplicate that taste . If you really like great personalized gourmet coffee , this is the coffee-maker for you . Besides brewing great coffee , it has super quality written all over it as well .
 Great coffee maker ! You can find the k-cups reasonably priced if you look around . I have used the k-cup that you can put grounds in and it works well . I will never go back to other types .
 I have a keurig coffee maker at my office and love it . And to have one for home , too . It 's been a marriage saver . My wife has her coffee , I have mine . And no more fussing over who makes it or clean up after . Fast , quiet operation .
 This is a great product for quickly making a cup of either tea or coffee .
 I bought the Platinum model to replace my B70 model which I bought two years ago . This model has an additional 10-oz . cup size which is convenient for making hot tea . This model is also SOOOO much QUIETER than the B70 model when it 's refilling its heater -- that alone makes it worth the extra money . It also has a 60-oz . water container which I thought I would have to fill much less often than the B-70 's 48-oz . container , but the low water level light flashes with a greater amount left in the container than the old B-70 , so I end up filling it with about the same frequency . If you want your coffee fresh every time without that burnt taste from a pot , then the single serve Keurig is the brewer for you .
 I just bought this B70 model today and had two cups of coffee . I have to say this is some of the BEST coffee I 've ever had . I did n't realize how crappy my home coffee was until I tasted this . I had the Coffee People Extra Bold Dark Roast organic coffee and the Caribou Blend . The Coffee People cup had a ton of flavor . The Caribou was good but not as rich -LRB- as advertised ... `` medium '' -RRB- . I hope the unit does n't stop heating water as others have experienced ... I 'm saving the box just in case ! I found the best price for k-cups is on Amazon with the Subscribe and Save service . It gets them down to about 38 cents per cup .
 Have to say , I love my Keurig . Recently switched from a professional grade espresso machine to the Keurig and never looked back . Tweens in the house LOVE to make hot chocolate before leaving for school so it 's been a family gift . I must say reading other reviewers issues with the units not heating after a few months does have me concerned . Will continue to enjoy and hope for the best !
 I absolutly love this machine . I 've already bought 4 others for birthday and Christmas gifts . Throw away your old Black and Decker and welcome to Keurig !
 I have used this coffee maker at work for several months now . I have the B-60 model at home , and this newer model is definitely an improvement.A new feature that I like is the ability to make larger cups of coffee -LRB- up to 11.25 ounce cups now -RRB- and I feel like the user interface of this machine makes it easier to change the cup size at the time of brewing . The water holding tank is also larger , allowing for more cups of coffee between fill-ups . Other than that , the rest of the machine works as well as the older B-60 model that I have at home . The same convenience of quick , mess-free coffee is great for a small office where most employees do n't drink coffee every day or at the same time of day.It heats up from OFF in a couple minutes -LRB- about 4 -RRB- and once heated , it makes a nice cup of coffee in 30 seconds!Has the same great auto-shutoff and on/off timer settings as would be expected.Just make sure you clean as required -LRB- at least every 6 months -RRB- and do n't leave it on all the time , and this machine should last years and turn out to be a good investment -LRB- especially if it replaces even just one coffee house coffee every week it will more than pay for itself ! -RRB-
 I purchased this machine March of 2009 . Just lately it 's been starting to give me troubles with symptoms like bubbling water in the reservoir , taking forever to start brewing and not always brewing the correct size . We 've done a lot of the recommended treatments and still it 's a bit wonky . So unfortunately we 've had to replace our unit.This unit has gotten a lot of use . There are four of us in our house that use it multiple times a day . So getting three years of heavy use out of it is fine by me . It 's become one of our most used household appliances and has worked like a champ until the last few months . If you 're looking for a first Keurig I suggest this system . You ca n't go wrong.Since going single serve we 've never looked back . Yes K-Cup prices keep rising , but our waste has reduced to near zero unlike when brewing the traditional way . We also use this for hot cocoa -LRB- tip
 After about 2 years my Keurig B70 Platinum brewer finally brewed its last cup ; when I called Green Mountain they asked if I descaled it , since I told them it would not draw any water I thought the question to be irrelevant . I guess they are required to ask a few simple questions.I 'm a long time fan but I 've heard plenty of negative comments from friends and co-workers who 've sent their machines back or returned them to the place of purchase . When I called customer service I thought I 'd get a song and dance as my B70 was way out of its warranty period . To my surprise , I had a new Brewer on my door step in 3 days.The customer service representative was not the most pleasant person on the planet but not rude so , I wo n't say much about that . All-in-all , I have to say they stand behind their product and I 'm once again a happy customer ... Just one tip , if you enroll in the auto delivery service on the Green Mountain web site your warranty is extended for as long as you purchase coffee from them , as the prices are much better than the supermarket and the fact that you select the frequency of delivery , I consider it a good deal to keep your unit under long term warranty .4 out of 5 stars due to the B70 's reputation for being unreliable ...
 Brews soo quickly . Great coffee , tea and hot chocolate maker ! Taste is great ! Awesome availability in coffee , tea and hot chocolate . Everything from Newman 's organic to celestial seasons !
 This is a fabulous machine . I did a lot of research before buying a pod machine . This one has many choices for types of coffee , several setting for the size cup it fills and you can even use your own coffee . I love it and would recommend it to anyone . It costs more , but in this case you get what you pay for .
 I bought a Keurig B40 a few years ago when it was being demoed in a local department store . I was impressed by the coffee and bought it on the spot . My B40 has worked flawlessly for several years but I wanted choices in brew sizes and I wanted something that did n't shake the house apart when it ran.Because I buy my coffee direct from Keurig 's website , I was offered a deal that I could n't pass up - $ 100 off the price of the B70 Elite . I started using it Christmas Eve and I ca n't give a better recommendation .1 . You have a choice of cup size . My mother prefers her coffee to be a little weaker so I brew hers on the large cup size - Perfect ! My cup is larger so I brew and Extra Bold on the extra large cup size - a little weak but still VERY GOOD . Flavored coffees tend to be too weak so I brew them on the small cup size .2 . QUIET - I always knew when the coffee was ready in the mornings from the sounds of the B40 groaning and all the dishes in the cupboard rattling . Luckily , I never had a broken dish from the shaking but it was a little unnerving . The B70 is very quiet . When it starts the brew cycle you hear a slight hum followed by the sound of coffee running into your cup . It ends with a quiet hum and is ready to brew the next cup .3 . Power on/off settings - I 've set my B70 to come on around 6:30 am and go off at 8am . When I 'm ready for breakfast , I do n't have to wait for the water to heat in the Keurig . I also do n't have to leave it on 24 hours a day for that luxury . With the B40 , my morning ritual included turning on the Keurig and going about my business cooking and getting ready for the day . Finally the water would be hot and I could make a cup of coffee . Now I walk into the kitchen , select my coffee and voila ! I have a steaming cup of coffee with no waiting .4 . Selection ! This is no different from other Keurig coffee makers - you have a huge selection of coffees to suit every taste . In my home , we have 3-4 coffee drinkers . I like flavored coffees ; another family member only drinks decaf ; my daughter likes the bold coffees and my son wants flavored decaf most of the time but occasionally wants a mild blended coffee . I ca n't speak for the other brands of single cup brewers , but Keurig has a huge selection of coffees . I purchase K-cups directly from Keurig and get a discount as well as free shipping but I also buy from Amazon as they frequently have good deals on some of my favorite flavors.CONS ? Only two things come to mind - I wish the reservoir was bigger so I did n't have to fill it as frequently as I do and coffee cost . My coffee costs slightly less than 50 cents per cup which is cheaper than buying coffee out but more expensive than buying in bulk and using a drip coffee maker . Of course , I do n't have any waste so it evens out .
 I love this coffee maker I bought this a year and a half ago and it 's great!It 's a little pricey but worth it !
 Everything I expected and wanted in a Keurig
 worked perfectly for about 20 straight k-cups . the first time I used my own coffee and the my-cup the cup filled to less than half full and was undrinkable due to the fact that the cup was full of grounds . ca n't use the system not until i order new filters for the unit . never intended to use only the expensive k-cups , -- so this my be a big problem if not resolved .
 I was a bit concerned about poping for one of these after all the bad reviews I read about it online , however , so far , I am happy with my B70 . So much so infact , that after making appx 60 cups with mineI purchased another for my son and his wife for Christmas . It has been flawless at making perfect cups of coffee with both K-cups and my own grinds -LRB- store ground and self ground -RRB- in the included adapter.I 'm a very picky coffee drinker and have always used my own conical burr grinder and gourmet whole beans with a french press and 200 degree filtered water . The brews I get from the Keurig at 192 degrees and my favorite home ground whole beans are evry bit as good as I get from my french press . So far , I have n't had the slightest hint of any clogging as others have reported . I 'll update my review if anything changes or after a year or so when I have an idea of the reliability . At 30 twelve oz cups a week on average , a year will be a good test for this machine .
 I bought this coffee pot for my daughter as a christmas/birthday present . She wanted it because they had one at work and loved it . She said the one I got her was even nicer then the one at work .
 Arrived ahead of time in excellent , new condition and it worked perfectly . I could n't believe the savings , but after checking at least five local stores , I never found a cheaper price -- thanks , Santa !
 The ONLY reason this device does n't get 5 starts from me , is that although you can set the specific temperature you want the water to be heated to -- it wo n't go under 187 degrees -LRB- which is still WAY hot for my kids -RRB- . Now , my kids are n't big coffee drinkers -LRB- 3 , 7 and 11 -RRB- , but they love the cocoa , apple cider and herbal teas . If you could set the temperature say , down to 150 or 160 degrees , it would be perfect ! Otherwise , LOVE it !
 I purchased this coffee maker to replace a Tassimo that we 've had for the past two years . The Tassimo has been a problem almost from the start . It got clogged and we could not get the red light to go off even after de-scaling many times . The coffee pods exploded and deposited grinds everywhere , or we could not get the machine to work at all . The new Keurig has a much nicer design and seems to be much sturdier . Also , unlike the Tassimo K-cups , the Deurig pods are readily available at many stores .
 I own this Keurig B-70 as well as the Cuisinart SS-1 . They are both about the same price . After using both for a couple of weeks I recommend the Keurig over the Cuisinart.Quality of the brewed coffee with the Keurig is great . I like relatively strong coffee and find that I need to use `` bold '' strength or `` dark roast '' K-cups . When I do that , I find that one K-cup makes a very nice 8 oz cup of coffee.The noise level of the Keurig is not a problem . It is much much quieter than the Cuisinart.The convenience of the K-cups is great.I highly recommend this machine !
 We bought this baby for Christmas last year . We absolutely love it , not only for coffee , but for tea made with tea bags , since unlike some other coffee makers , this machine gives you tasteless hot water instantly , an unexpected bonus . Unfortunately , it just stopped working . A quick call to Keurig and another one is on the way ! No hassles whatsoever . You got ta love it .
 Keurig B-70 Gourmet Single Cup Home Brewing SystemThis is an awesome coffee maker . I previously had the model below this one and am happy that I upgraded . The main reason is that the last machine did not quite fill up most of our coffee mugs without either reusing the k-cup or using -LRB- 2 -RRB- k-cups per mug , which can get expensive . This model has -LRB- 4 -RRB- brewing sizes - the second largest size fills my regular coffee mugs and the largest one fills my to-go mugs with one k-cup . It 's great . The only downside is that I wish the machine held more water .
 Plenty of great reviews already , but I could n't resist adding another because I really , really , really love this coffee maker ! I owned a `` Grind & Brew '' before that made great-tasting coffee , but the prep and cleaning each day was my least favorite chore by far . Messy!The Keurig B-70 is so simple to use , no daily cleaning is required , and the 5 or 6 coffee varieties I have tried so far have been excellent . As good as the `` fresh ground and brewed '' coffee I had before . Plus you can find the K-cups here on Amazon at great prices -LRB- do a net search for `` Amazon coupon '' and you can often get them even cheaper -RRB- . My twice weekly Starbucks visits have been reduced to once in the past 2 months , so it has already paid for itself , and I love the convenience right at home . I ca n't recommend this coffee maker enough .
 The Keurig is easy to use , just pop in a k-cup press brew and you 're ready to enjoy . The B-70 model is programmable so you can have it be ready when you are and there are seemingly unlimited choices of coffee flavors -LRB- including tea and hot chocolate -RRB- . I am very happy that I chose this machine .
 It 's close to perfect . The only problem -LRB- read in many reviews -RRB- is that most of the offered coffee is too weak for my taste . Buy Green mountain and only use on 2nd from smallest setting . I 've had a lot of contractors come through my house lately , and it 's great to offer them there choice of coffee , in less than 1 min .
 I got this for my wife at Christmas and she has loved it from the first cup of coffee . The unit is compact and elegant enough to fit on the kitchen counter and easy to use . Great product
 I originaly found out about the Keurig brewer from my friend . It made fantastic coffee and Chai Tea . Just recently , the clinic I work at was shopping for a new coffee maker for the clients . I suggested the Keurig and they went along with it . We got the B40 set up in the lobby . It has done nothing but get great compliments from the staff and clients.I decided to get the B70 since there was a deal online . This is even better since it has a larger water capacity than the B40 and more customizable settings . I love the little to no clean up it requires and the fast brewing . If you are like me , this is great if you have little time to make yourself coffee or tea before heading out to work .
 We like it . It is easy to operated , and responses quickly.The clean up is minimal and you can use the K-cup or usethe K-cup unit to make coffee from your own coffee brand.You can have a cup of hot coffee , tea or chocalate any time .
 You will love this !!!! It is every thing they say and more . Bottom line you get a cup of coffee in about 40 seconds that rivals anyone you pay 3 bucks for . Simple as can be , clean and super fast !!!! LOVE IT
 Item is what its suppose to be , but water tank is cracked so really dissapointed with it in that matter .
 This arrived in less than two weeks and was in Perfect condition . I would totally order from this vendor again!Pr
 I am very pleased with this machine . It is very high-tech for a brewing machine . I like its capability to brew many different types of beverages because I do n't drink coffee , but the relative do when they come over , but then I can also utilize it with tea and hot chocolate . It is very user friendly and designed very well . It is also made of high quality material . I am very pleased with my new brewer and will be using it consistently . The K-cups are a bit expensive , but not too outrageous and tons of different options .
 We use it everyday . It 's been great to have . I loved it so much I had to buy one for my son .
 The machine is great . The only trouble we had was when we tried to refill used k-cups . We found there are two ways to get a trouble-free cup of coffee
 Brews a great cup of coffee , I havent had a single issue as others have reported , My unit is very quiet and seems to have a good strong pump . On the bottom of the box it was stamped -LRB- Boxed in 12/10 -RRB- . Although I have not removed the water tank to test any priming issues , Have always filled with bottled water from the gallon jug.I also have it set to turn itself off after 1 hour , And it has seen light duty for only 2 weeks , time will tell.The unit came with a total of 72 K-cups , and when I registered it I got a cupon code from Keurig for buy 2 boxes of 24 , get 2 boxes free .
 **** Update 5/3/2012 ***** Well it 's the end of the road for this Keurig B70 , which lasted 16 month . When I say lasted 16 months that means I used every Google fix I could find to fix the pump prime problem , cups not filling up , water backflowing into the reservoir ... When this coffee maker `` worked '' it was convenient but most of the time I hit the button and waited to see which problem it was going to have . Keurig customer support line is very helpful . They 've offered me a price reduction on a new one . I guess the real question is would I buy another one ... NO I would not buy a Keurig B70 . It 's has to many problems . I am looking at a Keurig B145 commercial unit though . Reviews seems to be very positive for the B145 so I 'm going to make a trip to Office Depot where it 's on sale for $ 99.00 and figure out if I should give Keurig another chance ... BTW coffeeicon.com is where I 've been buying my coffee at . Great prices and fast shipping . **************************** I like this coffee maker . It 's fast and convenient . There 's lots of different coffee K cups to try and you can get a refillable K cup so you can use your own coffee.That being said , there are a few known problems with this coffee maker ... here are the fixes I found on the internet . Even with these problems and fixes I would say I 'm over all happy with my Keurig B70.After brewing 10-15 cups the coffee maker stopped drawing water even though it said Ready to Brew .1 st fix , follow the Keurig needle cleaning process ... it 's in the manual .2 nd fix . Calling Keurig for help did not revel this one . They did offer to send me a new coffee maker . Try the water tank fix . Remove the water tank . On the bottom of the water tank is a rubber gasket . Push it and make sure the water comes out . Then check the gasket where the water tank sits on the coffee maker . Replace the tank with a bit of force . Open and close the K cup holder but do not put a K cup in . You may have to mess with the water tank a few times to get the water to pump . When you hear the water pump , the lights come on and Ready to Brew hit the button to brew a cup of hot water . Once you get the water tank fix to work ... NEVER remove the water tank again . Fill the water tank with another pitcher . I had to do both of these fixes to get the coffee maker to work.I 've never had a problem with the coffee maker since doing these fixes . There 's a You Tube fix for the Not Ready to Brew message that wo n't clear.So there you go . Good coffee maker but has issues all of which I was able to work my way through . I 'd buy this machine again .
 Let me tell you first , I do n't drink coffee , I drink tea , my husband drinks coffee and my kids love hot chocolate . One machine , everyone 's needs are met . We are thrilled !
 I have owned this particular model -LRB- B70 Platinum -RRB- for about 7 months now with no major issues . I could go with 4 stars , but I put 5 because I do love my Keurig and the over all concept !! I drink coffee and tea regularly , -LRB- and use it to make my oatmeal and cup of noodles too :-RRB- -RRB- and I have always ran into the problem of wasting more coffee by brewing a pot on my old coffee maker . I would make about 4 to 8 cups with the intention on drinking it , but never happened that way , or it would taste stale after sitting a few hours . Yes , the K-cups can be a bit on the pricey side , but in my case it is far more cheaper to go this route -LRB- I drink anywhere between 2-6 cups a day -RRB- . I have n't tried the filter to add my own coffee yet . So here we go based on my few months of use and other reviews : - Yes the machine makes some noise , but to say it is loud may be a little extreme in my opinion -LRB- unless it 's about to blow up -RRB- . It has to heat and pump the water . It may be a tad bit louder than a traditional coffee maker brewing a pot of coffee if thats even considered loud.-K-cups
 This is an impressive machine I used it to replace my Cuisenart drip maker . This machine makes one cup at a time with NO cleanup . I believe this concept was designed for the workplace but now there is a consumer -LRB- home -RRB- edition . With over 200 different coffees , there has to be one you like . The trick is to find it . I stayed with the many variety packs until I found the brands/kinds I personally prefer.The machine brews 5 sizes depending on the size of your cup . Since there is only one size K-cup it would seem that the larger the brew , the weaker the coffee but the opposite is true . All else being equal , an 8 oz brew is slightly stronger than a 6 oz brew.I have had no problems with my B70 machine but notice that other reviewer report many breakdowns . I have also noticed that most of these complaints come from owners of the B77 . Both machines have the same housing but apparently there is an internal difference . I also note the B77 brews 4 sizes , not 5 , so there is some difference . Both machines are the same price.I 'm tired of making a pot of coffee because I want one cup , then eventually throwing the rest away . I 'll never go back to a drip maker . A selection of 200 different coffees is a real plus . Most coffee companies -LRB- Newman 's Own , Emeril 's , etc. -RRB- are now also available in K-cups . I 'm very pleased with this purchase .
 Amazing as all Keurigs are ! I bought as a gift , and the recipients are ecstatic !
 We use this machine in my office . I work for a company with about 300 people , and there are two machines in the company -LRB- obviously we have more sources of coffee , but these are the favorite two `` gathering spots '' -RRB- . One , is located in an admin area , and makes at least 200 cups of coffee a day . I can not stress enough that this is the plain , off-the-shelf model . The second is used by about 15 people on a very regular basis through out the day and by those that pass by . With both -LRB- especially the one used by 15 people -RRB- , we occasionally have this problem of incomplete brewing and/or no brewing . Yes , you waste a K-Cup . You simply have to start over . However , both have lasted YEARS -LRB- 5 + -RRB- . This , I believe is why
 Had this brewer for a year now and it still works great . Love it for a fast cup of coffee .
 After trying the B60 during Christmas and wanting to purchase one of these for over a year I finally took the plunge . I was able to purchase the B70 through Amazon for what the B60 was being sold for in retail stores . Arrived in great condition and nothing was damaged in shipment . Set up was easy with the included instructions . Rinsed the water contained , ran a couple hot water rinses through the system -LRB- per the instructions -RRB- and I was ready to go!The water container has nice blue LED lights that give a backlight so you can see the level in dark conditions . I believe the water container is 72oz therefore you do not have to refill it too often . They do recommend either filtered water or bottled water though . I would assume that if you use the included filter that tap water would be fine too.This comes with 5 nice brew sizes , auto on and off feature to save energy , a sleep mode , along with the ability to add a water filter , also has brew temp settings . Comes with 12 variety pack of K-Cups too!Pros
 Very convenient . Getting used to the taste of the coffee . Finding the coffee expensive . Overall very satisfied with the purchase of the product .
 Use it everyday . Just love the convenience and the ability to make one cup . No big mess to clean up !! Wonderful !
 I got this version so I could put my travel mug under it and fill it up before work . The largest cup size setting is still a bit small for my travel mug , but with added milk , it is fills it up .
