 I ca n't exactly review using the product because upon receiving it I wanted to RETURN it . I was sent a product that had been shipped AT LEAST once before and returned . The carton the product was shipped in was SO SEVERELY DAMAGED , parts were falling out of it , plastic parts were broken and items in the box very likely were lost in shipment . There were previous shipping labels on the carton . A company that does business this way is a company to NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH !!! I am recommending to Amazon it is a detrement to have SWISHER as a supplier !
 I bought one of these to help with the weeds on the 10 acres I have . The cheap plastic guard broke first day . Found out that you have to wear heavy duty clothing to keep from getting destroyed by debris . I have hired two people to use this machine , and neither will . I salvaged a Dish TV satellite dish and formed a new guard of my own , but it is insufficient . I am currently looking for some way to fortify the protection on this beast.Oh , and the trim line sucks .
 Bought for shooting on metal hangers the first on lasted 2hrs than just fell apart . So we took it back and got another one . It lasted one job than the tip broke so we got a new tip . It lasted less than another job and the metal that directs the nail broke . Hopefully we can get are money back . Save the hassle a buy a paslode positive placement nailer we 've had them for 7 years without a problem tell the seals wore out .
 One Star because BOSTITCH DOES N'T GET IT ! Buying a nailer is endorsing a company and a philosophy . Oh , it 's a great nailer all right . I love mine . BUT - if you intend to use it to hang metal connectors , -LRB- and let 's face it , this is the big draw here -RRB- be aware that you will need to special order the nails , IF YOU CAN FIND THEM , and it will cost more than -LSB- money -RSB- for 1 box . -LSB- My local hardware store -RSB- charges -LSB- money -RSB- for 5000 nails . At more than -LSB- money -RSB- per 1 1/2 in . nail , I understand why virtually every retailer does NOT stock them ... If I had it to do over , I 'd buy the cheaper Porter Cable FR350 and have no problem with nails or their price . Why not the Bostitch n88ww ? Well , when Bostitch builds a nailer but wo n't supply REASONABLY priced nails , I refuse to go back to them . They do n't even offer nails at their site . Good nailers mean NOTHING if they do n't take care of their customers .
 We have two of these guns and they just do n't perform . They are actually falling apart and they are only a month and a half old . Nails jam in the gun and the worst thing is they actually fire nails when you attach the air hose to it . So when you see someone at the beginning of the day hooking up the guns run for cover and I AM NOT KIDDING.If you are thinking about buying this gun reconsider and spend the extra money on a Hitachi .
 if i had the choice i wouldnt have even given it a full star my dislikesheavy odd balnce bulky really loud loading it is a pain in the a@@ the grip is weird and the hanger nail atchment is a joke the only 2 things i liked about it was the price and getting rid of it if you want a real nail gun step up to the plate and buy a hitchi nr83a2
 First , let me say I do n't use this tool daily as a professional might . It gets used a couple of times a month and then for a couple of hours at a time -LRB- if the battery lasts -RRB- . I own two of these cordless drills . One came free from Delta with purchase of other stuff . It was worth what I paid . The other one I bought new when buying a second drill with two batteries was less expensive than buying two replacement batteries . I also got two batteries from Delta/Porter Cable as warranty replacements.The drills are typical size and weight for a 12 volt drill . It comes in a carry case which some folks find useful while others would discard it . Fit and finish is good . Power or torque seems very low . Even with freshly charged batteries I can easily hold the chuck and prevent the drill from turning in high range . I have to get a really good grip in low range . If the batteries are anything but freshly charged , stopping the unit by hand is easy in either speed range . I do not know what the torque ratings are supposed to be but I 've never been able to stop a comparable unit made elsewhere . Even my 3.6 volt Skil supertwist seems to have more torque.The charger is a dumb charger . As long as it is plugged in and connected , it will charge the battery . The manual sez not to leave the battery on charge indefinately . They are right . Leaving the battery on charge will overheat and ruin a battery within a few days . Of my six batteries , two clearly had bad cells right out of the box . Two others are down to a measured 10 volts within two days of sitting after a full charge . Two seem to work properly.In the past , I 've had 2 each 12 volt Sears units . One from 1995 and one from 2000 . The 1995 was way higher quality than the 2000 . I wish I had it back . Both easily outperformed the Delta drills in torque , in useable battery capacity and in useful battery lifetime.I have a handfull of other Delta tools , big and small , and have been very happy with all of them until these . I have to recommend looking somewhere else - anywhere else.July 2007 Additional information . It probably does not matter any more as I believe Delta has discontinued these drills . In the even that someone has one ... Suggest that you send the batteries to one of the internet battery rebuilders and have the battery rebuilt . It will cost much less than buying one from Delta and it will probably work much better . Any new batteries from Delta were probably built years ago and have sat on the shelf getting old . I had 4 batteries rebuilt - 2 with high capacity NiCad 's and 2 with NiMh cells . Wow . It is like having a new drill which actually works . The NiMh cells cost more than the NiCad cells . For about half more cost , you get about half more life between charges . If you run out part way through the work day , the NiMh 's might get you all the way through a work day . Both types use the factory charger . The NiMh 's just need more hours of charging to fill the cell . My earlier comment about no or low torque are moot as the new batteries can feed the drill .
 Very unhappy with this ; Rubermaid usually delivers but not on this step stool . I 've had it about a year . First , it split in the middle then , one of the caster legs broke off . It did n't roll very well anyway . A poor substitute for the old fashioned kick stool from the library .
 Great idea , but I feel a little unsteady on this step stool . It 's also rather large and is cumbersome . I find myself picking it up to move it around , which is not what I bought it for lol .
 This is a defectively manufactured product . Purchased Sept 4 , 2012 , limited use . Paint is peeling off the unit with chips on the floor below . 2nd - this unit was first screwed to the wall as intended by the manufacturer . I quickly discovered how hot the wall was - and made two half inch spacers for it out of a couple of half inch copper tubing . Unit heats nicely - BUT , do not purchase this unit , you 'll have paint chips all over the floor.King KCV1204 420-Watt 120-Volt 34-Inch Cove Heater , AlmondKing Electrical Mfg. Company
 When I bought this drill -LRB- I actually bought 2 -RRB- , the only review at the time was for 1 star . I took my chance and hoped for more.Having had a DeWalt 12V for 10 years , it was time to replace it . I do a fair amount of finish carpentry , and needed two drills to drill holes and then drive screws -LRB- usually 3/4 hardwood -RRB- . Some occasional harder drilling through 2x 's might also be needed , as well as things around the house.After charging the batteries , my first project was to run some romex through a joist , something my 12v DeWalt has done many times , requiring a 3/4 '' hole to be drilled . The Delta stalled the motor and I immediately could smell smoke . I thought I might have fried the motor , but it did not . The windings did heat up as I could smell the varnish on the them . I 've stalled my DeWalt many times , never smelling anything amiss . I guess there is no thermal protection on the Delta like my DeWalt other more expensive drills . No more tough projects for the Delta , I 'll just keep it light.The chuck is somewhat small and not as easy to hold onto when tightening it . It also loosens fairly easily during use ; something I do not expect regardless of price.The supplied bits are not hardened very hard , and damage easily . Instead of stripping the screw head , you 'll strip the bit . You 'll want to buy some additional Philips bits.When I first opened the case , I was very impressed . A drill , two hefty batteries , and a very solid charger , plus a good case . What a bargain for the money ! The batteries do n't last as long as high end models , but they do charge quickly on the nice charger . They also stay on the drill well due to the design . With two batteries and the charger , no complaints here despite the shorter battery life . Too bad the function of the drill does n't match.For an occasional homeuser , this drill fits the bill.For an avid hobbyist , you probably would want to look at other drills.For a professional or weekly user , save your money and buy something better.Instead of me buying two drills , I wish I bought one Bosch , DeWalt or Milwaukee . In short , you get what you pay for .
 Suprising because of the Delta name . This drill is just plain awful . Like others have stated , the chuck does n't hold bits firmly , the battery depletes rapidly needing constant recharging , and it just has no torque . Drilling in soft pine bits bog down , spin in the chuck and stop .
 I got this product as a gift but returned it for the Metrinch set I had seen on TV . This Allied set is n't a terrible product -LRB- and it 's cheaper and has a few more tools -RRB- , but they really cant be compared as the Metrinch is a truly high end product and is actually a much better value as it is really 2 full sets of tools in one -LRB- Metric and Standard -RRB- .
 after about a month the weight of the tools caused the bag to collapse . the `` supports '' shifted to the left and made use of the bottom storage impossible and the bag would not sit without tipping over .
 After filling bag with tools it will not stay upright due to the lower opening , the velcro will not hold the bag upright.This bag full is useless .
 The Veto Pro Pak and the Lee Valley canvas tool bags ... The Veto is the Cadillac of tool bags , nay Mercedes . The Lee Valley Bags are Lexus/Toyotas
 Worked great for a week then the plastic broke . If you are cutting a few pieces it might be the right tool but for heavier use its really just a toy .
 If you own a Porter Cable 7539 and expect this jig to fit , think again . When it arrives , the packaging states that it will fit a Porter Cable 7529 . Very disappointing !
 I have a lot of tools to carry and keep organized . When I received this bag it was not what I expected . There were plenty of pockets but there was nothing keeping the bag open . I loaded up all the interior pockets with screwdrivers , pliers , and chisels but the whole bag just collapsed inward , making it a chore to get into . It would be a great bag if there was a cage or metal support rim . I 'm going to give this to my dog to play with . Save your money on this one , unless you want to play a prank on someone .
 I tried to mount my router on this jig for the first time and the plastic cracked . The places where the screws are attached only have 1/3 of the thickness . This is too weak ! If I loosen the screws a bit , the router would not stay at a fixed position . This jig would work well if the material is metal or the mouting area is made stronger . I 've wasted $ 35 for this piece of junk ! I could have made my own jig .
 In the Technical Details section , it says , `` 7 - to 18-3/16 - inch cutout range and 1 to 7 1/2 inch holes '' I needed to a hole/cutout for a 9 '' speaker , so I thought this would work . However the maximum hole/cutout that the 400J can do is 7 1/2 '' , so it is not useful to me . I give it two stars so you 'll read this and not make the same mistake that I did . Look like the 200J may be the correct product for larger holes . NOTE
 This is my second XL bag . The bag is smaller and all the tool pockets are shorter . For a bag that is a XL this is a problem . The back tools hang out over the front ones and , well I think this was a bad change .
 I really drank the Kool-Aid with this purchase . The bag is severely cramped and the pockets are not laid out very wisely . If all you have to carry around is a few screwdrivers and some wood chisels it would be great , but I can not see it being practical for a professional trade 's worker . When a tool is placed in a rear pocket , space becomes limited in the front pockets . The interior top zipper pockets are a joke . All you can fit in those is maybe a carpenter 's pencil or a few jig saw blades . Both sides of the bag are the same also . It would be better if one side had pockets for pliers and screwdrivers , and the other side for more awkwardly shaped tools like a speed square , coping saw , etc. . After a week I put all of my tools back into my old canvas bag . I could not even get all of my tools in the VETO Pro Pac `` XL '' . I wish I would have bought the Ergodyne 5815 . It might not be as durable , but it looks a lot more practical than this VETO bag . Now I have an overpriced bag that I ca n't use ... . Maybe I can sell it on E-Bay .
 I bought this bag at a local hardware store . I paid $ 110 for it and I thought it was the bee 's knee 's ! It is made well . Not sure where it is made though because no where here nor on the manufactures website is anything listed about where it is made . I would suspect forign made though or it would be proudly posted if made in USA.If you have a lot of hand tools like screwdrivers and pliers , it would do well for you . BUT if you carry a cordless drill and other things like that , FORGET IT ! I had to return it because there is very limited space for items like that.I also checked out the XXL ! That bag is huge length wize , but it lacks room heigth wize . My large screwdrivers and pump pliers would not fit in the pockets.If they make the XXL as tall as the XL , I would buy it . Until then , I bought the BucketBoss 06500 Extreme Gear 06500 ToolBoss Vertical Tool Organizer with GateMouth . It has all the room I need ! Lots of tool pockets and a large tool storage area . Now I just need someone to carry it around !
 I 've had a couple of these bags for several months now . While they do feature heavy duty construction , nice handles and a great layout , I have discovered one serious flaw.The back of the rearmost , highest row of pockets are lined about halfway down with a thin , hard plastic liner . If this liner went all the way to the bottom of the pocket , it would be great.But this liner only goes about halfway down . And here 's the real problem
 I 'd give this bag 5 stars for the fact that it 's built like a brick SH , you get mucho durability for your money . But I returned mine . The shipping weight alone should have tripped a circuit in my brain - 8 lbs ! This is a heavy bag . If all you do is lug this from the tailgate to the jobsite - say 30 to 50 ft - you 'll love it . It 'll outlast you . But I work in NYC apartments and haul a lot of what I have to use to the site - and up many stairs . Plus , the design of this bag begs to be loaded with all the tools you have - even the ones you do n't need or use anymore . When it arrived , I had an epiphany ... I need 3 or 4 bags -LRB- lighter bags -RRB- loaded with specific tools for specific jobs - take what I need , leave the rest . If it fits your style of work I 'm sure you would n't be dissatisfied with the Veto bag - but it was n't for me . I wish the company made a bag that was to a 1/3 the size/weight . I 'd keep that one .
 This link came up when I was sampling some LEDs which included free shipping . This vendor charged more for shipping than the bulb cost . I bought it anyway and found it can be purchased for considerably less including shipping . Also , it was not near as bright and clear as the other LEDs purchased .
 We did n't know they flickered , also thought there were 2 in a package , ordered 6 thinking we were getting 12 bulbs . Also , it took a little over 3 weeks to get them . Sent them back . Too expensive for 6 lights !
 NOT white , more blue.MUCH less light than an average X-mas bulb , & do n't replace the brighter ones like night lights or the one in the dryer.The night lights will be too dark.Wait until they get LCD bulbs better .
 This bulb is not even close to the brightness level of a standard C7 night light bulb . Also the bulb `` flickers '' constantly , instead of being steadly on which drives me crazy . I took a gamble in the hopes that this would be a good bulb but no such luck . I really wish the LED light revolution would happen already .
 I have been looking for an LED bulb for a light-sensing nightlight . This , like other LED bulbs I have tried , strobes
 I bought this light bulb to replace a 7W C7-size incandescent light bulb . This bulb my be okay for uncovered nightlights , but it 's really quite dim in the covered nightlight I 'm using . The item description does n't mention a light output level -LRB- i.e. , no mention of lumen output -RRB- , but it 's considerably dimmer than the 7w traditional incandescent it was meant to replace . As a result , I 'm having to buy a new incandescent as a replacement instead .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I bought this in Feb on sale , but did n't use it until May 24 . I am building a router table and was using a upward spiral bit to route out the ledge for the plate . First , using the triton bushing plate , I found it must have some major runout because the groove was filled with brass shavings . Second , the collet could not hold onto the bit and on the fourth side of the groove , came completely out . Third , the plunge rods receivers have brass inserts ; when i raised the router , the brass insert was just sitting at the base thumbing its nose at me . Oh yeah , it would n't free plunge.After the initial hype I read in the magazines , I was sorely disappointed . Do n't buy it until they improve the manufacturing process or whatever is causing it to be so substandard
 After 5 months I 've given up on this product . The design is nifty , the company is very responsive and dealing with them was pleasant but the product itself is poor . Quality is really not up to snuff , with problems occuring after only a couple hrs use . I have been through 3 of these things , with a failed switch in all three , and faulty winding mechanism in one . I suspect that they will get it right one day , but wait until they advertise it with a sealed switch . If you make dust , this router is not for you . Dust gets into the slider tubes and prevents the collet from being fully raised -LRB- a great idea IMO that just needs a little refining -RRB- . I use dust extraction but it is n't enough . Lost time , lost faith , lost another sale . I 'll buy something that works like Porter Cable or Dewalt .
 I just bought the TRA001 . I was preparing to install the router in my table so I went to take out the plunge spring access cap . With the base of the router on my bench , I unscrewed the retaining screw for the access cap , twisted the cap and with significant force it violently shot up nearly striking me in the head . I was not wearing safety glasses at the time -LRB- not considered necessary for such work -RRB- and had my face been a few inches forward I could have sustained a severe eye or face injury . I find no mention of a warning of this hazard on the router , in the instructional video , or even in the fine print of the Operating and Safety Instructions . Nor were there any instructions on how to perform this operation . I am seriously dissapointed in the lack of mechanical means to prevent such a hazard or even a simple warning . Please take caution when conducting this operation with this router .
 I got this router 3 years ago when I just started to do woodworking . By now , all mechanisms have failed . The only thing it can do is plunge cuts . Everything in this router is made with low quality nylon . Very cheap made and too much of hype . Even the black base plate broken to many pieces from being dropped ones . The guide is such a piece of crap . The 1/4 in collet got heated up and warp on my bit , then started loosing grips . I can just go on and on about this router . The most annoying thin is that Triton does not offer or support any service in the U.S. . So I am stuck with this piece of junk router no where to go . Mine does not have a center line on the base like Festool does to help you locate center of the bit when cutting mortises . The dust collector does not collector any shit.Very clunky unstable router . The top is very heavy , I ended up holding the router by the base not on the handles just to keep it stable . The micro adjustment wnet first then everything else followed.If you are a serious woodworker then get Festool , it is proven by both quality and customer services . If anyone knows where to get help for Triton Router please let me know here.Do not buy this , you will fill sorry forever if you want to do woodworking . Go with Bosh , Porter Cable , Dewalt and if money is not an option go the Festool way -LRB- may be my next and last router ... -RRB-
 While this router delivers on the features that make it unique -LRB- height adjustments and travel -RRB- , the designers seem to have missed the boat with the collet design . My current Elu router has the typical slotted collar and separate nut arrangement . I was disappointed to see the Triton router only used a split collar with a threaded/tapered body . I was not confident that this collet design would yield the runout and bit clamping force that I 'm used to , so I returned it .
 I recently purchased this router and upon arrival found the winding mecanism faulty the collet apperared flimsy only one cut.The overall concept seems good but quality of product very poor , needless to say I have returned it
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 When I read a review prior to ordering this dado set , I was encouraged by the claim it cut perfectly flat bottom dados on a radial arm saw setup , just what I planned to use it for . It did not cut flat enough for my liking at all . In fact , it was a rough bottom that I had to go to a great deal of time and trouble to clean up . I was better off not using it . Now I have to see about returning it and trying a different , and not all that more expensive brand .
 I purchaced this set of dados mainly b/c of price and the few good reiviews on amazon . However , when I used them for the first time I found out why this set is so cheap . I put on the two out side blades to make a 1/4 '' dado and sure enouph it was 1/4 '' . But the kicker was that there was a groove on each outside edge of the dado bottom . It was not quite as bad as dadoing with a rip blade but it was close . I guess you get what pay for . However for only a few dollars more I bought the Freud set and while there was still a groove this one was minuscule compared with the Avenger set .
 I 'd love to review how well this blade performs , but I ca n't seem to get them to actually ship this item to me . Ordered late Feb , est shipment is mid April . Disadvantage of the `` Super Savers '' shipping ? You tell me !
 do not purchase this lamp!This would be the perfect lamp , if it worked constantly . My purchase of this lamp was for it to go onto the helmet I use for caving , the strap fits well under the clips but lamp has a tendency to be go out when bumped or rattled to much . Since mine was purchesed as the light for the helmet , it is obviously often bumped on roof of the cave or other hard objects . When working , it is a great and powerful light . The 2nd use of the lamp proved , intermittently , that I should not bump it . it would flicker as if sending an SOS . Of course , I was in the dark upon this discovery and wisely , not alone.If you are using this for something gentle like reading , late night walks or possibly working on the car , something that will not cause it to be bumped and then not work , it is a great light.Another annoyance , is that it is not waterproof . I had some water runoff hit my helmet and the light eventually went kaput . Had I paid attention , I would have purchased a seal.I also noticed it seems to be the same light as the Zipka , only with a better , less annoying strap.From my recent research , you can by better headlamps for my purpose . I intend to do so next time .
 While the light and form factor is easily rated at 5 stars , the on/off switch is extremely intermittent and deserving nada . Mine lasted only 5 power cycles before the switch had to be persuaded to work . This is really too bad for this product due to the excellent illumination . The cost is just not worth any warranty bother ... it belongs in a drawer with the rest of my great expectations .
 These drill bits bend easily . The vendor took them back , so I 'd buy from them again .
 I was very excited to have my Zipka at first , for all the reasons others mention here . Then I noted , as another reviewer did , that it seemed to eat batteries faster than advertised - but I still loved it . Then it began to misbehave . It began flashing and not turning on at various times - really cut my enjoyment . But still tolerable . Then one day I had it mounted on my bike helmet and it flipped off , falling to the ground and breaking in an unfixable way . I wo n't buy another - if they make one that 's more robust and functions consistently , I 'd be delighted . I 'm going to try the Princeton Tec Aurora now . Hope this helps .
 The switch broke the second time I used it . The workmanship just is n't there . Do n't waste your time .
 I run outside during the winter when it 's mostly dark when I get home from work . When this little light works , it 's great . But shortly into the run , it starts flickering and sometimes goes completely out for a few seconds . Seeing as how it 's new and it has new batteries , I am disappointed .
 I bought three of these and after having them in service nightly for two months by differant family members , we 're all a bit disappointed with the design.First , they flicker , sometimes just go out intermittantly even with fresh batteries ... Also , they drain power much more rapidly than advertised ... after about 20 hours you 'll see about a 50 % drop in output that drops off rapidly after that . after 35 hours , the light has almost no throw . Even reading a paperback six incnes in front of your eyes is difficult.They are light and so far the retraction mechanisms have held up , but the negatives are disconcerting .
 This is basically the same headlamp as its sister lamp the Tikka , only its headstrap is more like a annoying rubberband than a headband , not comfortable . It was purchased for the same reason as the Tikka , to go my helmet that I wear when in or around a cave . The strap did not fit well in the notches on the helmet , seemed like they would move around and it slipped out alot . I ended up using duct tape to make it stay put.It has the same problem as the Tikka , the light goes off when bumped or jarred . This obviously will happen often in a cave , especially when belly crawling.It is also not waterproof . My helmet became mud covered and I had to rinse it off in the river . The lamp does not have a seal to save it from moisture , hence I had a dead light and now lampless helmet . I would have purchased a seal for the lamp had I known it was without one.It seems to work well for others who do not use it in harsher enviroments , but rather for reading , late night walks or working on cars . If your purpose in purchasing this lamp is for anything that could bump it or cause jarring , hiking or even biking you would be best to do research , as I will , before your purchase .
 For any marine or harsh outdoor application , you need monel staples . For a boat headliner , you need * lots * of monel staples . But unless you want to spend all of your time clearing staple gun jams , the staples need to be solidly glued together in a strip . I 've always thought of Stanley as making good ol' Made in America products , but these Made in Mexico monel staples fail to impress . When I opened the package and tipped it up to pull out a single strip , I got a handful of Chicklet-sized mini strips and individual staples . There may be 1000 of them in the package , but it 's a problem if 10 % are unusable because Stanley cheaped out on glue or otherwise have poor quality control at the factory . Even after loading the biggest of the mini strips into my staple gun , the glue is so inadequate that my professional-grade pneumatic stapler jams every 5 ~ 10 minutes . I will need more monel staples , but I will not buy Stanley again.btw , this review does not reflect on the seller , whose shipping and packaging were exemplary .
 Punch set was not what I expected . The ends were flat . I can use these 4 `` punches '' for marking , nothing else . I needed the punches for punching material out ...
 The saw runs fine , but I regret not returning the saw immediately after buying it . The unique design of the handle prevents you fron seeing the blade as you try to follow a line . You have to depend on the flimsey plastic quide to follow a line . I have not broken the plastic guide yet because I have been very careful to protect it , but it could break very easily . Changing the blade is a real chore . The clearances between the guard and sole plate make it extremely difficult to install a 7 1/4 '' blade . I actually have to warp the blade to get it inserted . Skil also did not include a rip fence with the saw . I had to purchase that separately . I thought that was rather chintzy since it is a necessry accessory and so inexpensive to provide .
 I received a `` used '' lock that was not even an ilco . I worte the company and quickly got no where . Such a shame .
 the egg-beater end is flawed in that it has a roughly cut end which is VERy sharp and scratches the item you are pushing the snake through . yes you can file it sown , but why should we have to do that , why not make it right in the first place.then when i pushed the snake through the toilet turning the cable at the same time it just bunched up in a ball as if it could not punch through any clog ; however i had lust previously used a toilet auget and it went thru without any problem . so this snake is not all that firm in structure to prevent it bunching which of course leaks to kinkingthere there is the overall operation , it is VERY unwieldy having the total length stretched out in a room , pushing the snake in all the while turning a ultra flimsy handle . it is nearly a two person job . the turning method leaves a LOT to be desired , unlike the toilet bowl auger i used which has an actual handle built in to turn and works very well . this bent piece of pipe with a thumbscrew is the usual design , even tho it is near useless in turning the cable while pushing . i am not an engineer but there must be someone who has a better design !
 I purchased these blades becacause they say they are the MASTER COBALT , they are not.The are a skinny cheaper version . They burn up quickly if you are cutting anything of any thickness . They are maybe 1/2 inch . Not even close to 3/4 . I did n't try and return them because I tried to return a couple things to amazon and they blew me off , they said `` that item '' must be returned to vendor . Yeah you know how that works out.Probably the last thing I buy through amazon.But that is my review on the blades.BTW . It does n't say anywhere that the picture may not be the actual product.Have a great day . Buyer Beware.Ron
 Product is fine but there are packaging problems from this vendor . The first shipment was damaged in transit . The box was smashed on one end and the filter frames were torn and the filters crushed on one end . The vendor responded immediately and shipped a replacement at no cost . This was great but the second shipment was also damaged . The box was bent and the filters were creased . The frames were damaged and the filters would not straighten out . I would not buy filters in this shape from a brick and mortar store . The problem is that because of the physical dimenions of the shipment -LRB- long , wide but narrow -RRB- the light weight container with no reinforcement used by the vendor is not sufficient to protect the shipment .
 I bought this product and thought I could use it with my new horizontalrouter table . It wo n't fit in the table slot . I would like to return itfor a smaller dia . bit .
 I found that unless you were strong as an ox , it was difficult to pull back the snapper . If you very strong you got a hole or two . Overall , it really does n't do the job . I have arthritis and was so excited to find it , but it just is n't for me .
 Pain to use , chipped after half a day of use . Old style nail sets I have been using for years works just fine .
 I 've got pretty much the same review as other displeased customers.The description says `` Clamps inside of 4-inch diameter hose and slides on 5-inch outlet , '' but both ends are mis-sized by 1/4 '' or more.You would think this would be the perfect adapter to connect your Delta dust collector with 5 '' output to the standard 4 '' hose of your dust collection system , but it 's not that easy . The 5 '' side inside diameter is a little over 5 1/4 '' , making it too loose to use . I wrapped the output of my DC with a thick layer of rubber weatherstripping to seal the gap . The 4 '' side is closer to 3 3/4 '' , too small to attach a 4 '' hose without crimps and leaks . Again , a couple wraps of weatherstrip around the outside of the adapter seemed to do the trick , bringing it closer to the proper 4 '' . While you 're out buying weatherstripping , be sure to pick up a 5 '' hose clamp , because the product does not include one , as shown in the product picture.Made in Taiwan .
 agree 100 % with the other 1 star review . it does n't fit well at all ; it might if you wrap your DC 's 5 '' intake with a ton of tape , etc. to make the ports external diameter larger . it is not supplied with a clamp as shown in the photo either . I will likely return it if I ca n't figure out a way to make it work .
 Just rec 'd ... does not fit my dust collector 's intake too big at 5.25 '' , no clamp included and the 4 '' side is 3.25 '' . Also the `` 4 '' '' side is not crimped .
 The third time I used it it would not go completely through the 3/4 '' sch40 PVC I was cutting . After I pulled the partially cut PVC off the blade the reason was obvious , a crescent-shaped chunk of the cutting edge about 1/2 '' long had broken off the blade at about mid-point on the blade .
 I expected Wolverine products to a little better quality than what I received . In fact it was not packaged as a wolverine product , but had another label . Probably should have sent it back , but it does look like the picture and I needed a cutter . It is a little better than the cheap ones at Home Depot or Harbor Freight , but I would buy a sturdier one next time .
 This would appear to be a fantastic light , however , the tail cap seems to be its Achilles ' heel . It does not have a button -LRB- although it has a faux button where the real one should be -RRB- . It is in fact an ultra thin spring-loaded threaded cap that is pushed in to complete a the circuit and turn on the light . As there is no actual button , this system fails miserably -- the contact is intermittent at best , and the light constantly flickers . This is an extremely poor design flaw in what would be a very nice product . I got this from REI as their deal of the day , and I can honestly say it 's the worst flashlight I have every purchased.Please save your money and get an Inova T series . I have an Inova T2 WB -LRB- which is a similar size -RRB- that I picked up for $ 35 here on Amazon -LRB- a while ago , before Inova was popular and overpriced -RRB- . It 's a bit more money , however , it gets constant use in varying conditions and the Inova still delivers amazing performance at all times.Inova T2-WB 85 Lumen LED Flashlight with Knurled Hard Coat Anodized Aluminum Housing , Black
 I bought this blade based on reviews and hype . Let 's just say I got bamboozled on this one . I do n't know why all the reviews I saw of this blade cutting junk and not really putting the blade to real work . For a blade named `` METAL '' devil , I would think this thing is the best of the field when it comes to steel cutting , and the price spent for it makes me think the same . So I was excited to have the blade when it came in since I had a major fabrication project to work with . I have the blade mounted on a dewalt 10 '' metal chop saw with built in clamp etc. . It is rated for 4100rpm , and the blade is rated to 5200rpm stamped on the side of the blade . For this project , I was mainly working with 1 `` x1 '' square bar and 1/8 `` x2-1 / 2 '' flat bar . I began by chopping 6 pieces of flat bar and thought WOW ! After I got them welded up and came back with my square bar with 3 cuts like butter also . After the square bar , I came back to SIX -LRB- 6 -RRB- more flat bar . On the third cut of this batch , I noticed a LOT OF SPARKS and blue smeered edges with a TON of burs . The section without burs were heavily chipped -LRB- think of it as wavy -RRB- and no longer resembled the milled look at all . I thought it may have been a fluke so I tried cutting more and this time even more sparks , smeers , and burs then the piece before it , and it made it seem worse than using an abbrasive wheel . The blade is already dead after 12 cuts into mild steel 1/8 '' thick that 's common for most people to fab with . I was n't forcing the blade through the metal or anything . I was sceptical to begin with and did my cuts with an extremely slow motion with minimal pressure . I guess it was too good to be true . This blade is rubbish and should cease to be sold .
 I have to duplicate the other poor review of this blade . Although I am not a fabricator I do a few metal projects and was looking forward to a great tool for cutting thin wall tubing . I made 8 cuts on 3 '' x 1 '' 1/8 '' wall tubing and the fist 6 cuts were like heaven , cut like butter . Because I was skeptical about the performance I cut slowly and did not tax the blade and there was plenty of time between cuts , the blade did not get to war to touch . The last two cuts was when the blade gave out . Up to that point no indication of dulling.Save your money !
 I DO NOT KNOW IF I DID SOMETHING WRONG BUT THE BLADE CUT GREAT THE FIRST 2 TIMES I USED IT BUT AFTER THAT IT HAS TROUBLE CUTTING THROUGH CLOSET DOOR TRACKS
 The Lasco 04-1759 Toilet Flusher Lever works ... and looks nice and shiny now , but I 'm wondering how it will hold up . The reason for me questioning it is that `` Chrome Plated Button '' is Chrome Plated PLASTIC . My experience with metallic-looking plastic is that the finish quickly wears off from frequent rubbing , in this case pushing with a finger or thumb . The unit it is replacing is solid metal . It lasted nearly 45 years -LRB- YES ! -RRB- Not that I now , in this stage of my life , need a product that will last me another 45 years , but it impresses me as being just a cheap plastic body . The mechanism that fits in the tank appears to be sturdy and should function well -LRB- the design of the unit is fine -RRB- , but materials of the actual push-button and the surrounding `` frame '' for it are very questionable in my mind , especially for the price around $ 15.00 . Maybe I 'm asking too much in this day and age in expecting a sturdier unit for that price , but gee , it 's just a flush lever ! Why around $ 15.00 if it is n't metal ? Time will tell how it holds up to daily use . Bottom line
 The book vault seems sturdy , but the books I received were `` White Protestant Nation '' and `` The Preacher and the President '' . This item was intended to be a gift , and I really ca n't see the recipient displaying either of these on his bookshelf . Aside from the fact that visitors who are unfamiliar with the first title might think he has something offensive on his bookshelf , I was expecting something neutral that escapes notice - like a dictionary or a biography . I 'm uncomfortable gifting something politically charged or with religious themes .
 Like others , I was bothered by the book title . I tried to exchange the item and received the same thing . I would suggest a more innocuous book -LRB- s -RRB- for future mailings .
 I ordered this double book safe beacuse I wanted something with a larger storage compartment.It came with a Storage Compartment that is no bigger than the one I bought before that is just a single book.So beware of this is you are expecting very much storage .
 Fluke equipment is usually pretty good , but the 61 is not one of them . The backlighting for the display is uneven and can be hard to read . The viewing angle for the display is not that wide , it fades out when viewed at more than 45 degrees off axis . The display does not have good contrast . The display bezel is positioned in such a way that it 's easily scratched . To switch from Fahrenheit to Celsius , you have to remove the protective cover -LRB- which is difficult -RRB- , open the battery compartment and flip a very tiny switch . That 's a poor design . A `` spot size @ distance '' chart is engraved on the unit , but it 's hard to read and once again , you have to remove the protective cover to see it . The lanyard attachment is also blocked by the protective cover ! For usability , it 's better to keep the cover off , but then the unit is not well protected . Fluke stuff is overpriced , but the 61 is unreasonable . $ 20 would be a fair price for the 61 .
 The product works well , however , the light kit does not use E27 base bulbs . It uses the smaller candelabra bulbs and does not come with any CFLs . I would not have paid as much had I known that the product was not as described .
 you get what you pay for sometimes , it is not worth teh box it came in . if I could rate negative stars I would !
 I have aDELTA 50-760 1.5 HP 1,200 CFM Vertical Bag Dust Collector . I purchased this reducer to add a cyclone 2nd stage . I read other reviews saying people had trouble with it fitting and figured it must have been `` user error '' because the reducer is made by Delta and recommended by part number by Delta.However , there was no way this thing was going to fit on my dust collector . The outside diameter of the `` five inch '' fitting was the same as the output on the dust collector . No amount of smashing , lubing or other tom foolery was going to make this work . This product is defective.GOOD NEWS - I have Amazon Prime and when I went to return it , Amazon said , `` no need to mail back but we will give you a refund '' so if you bought one of these from Amazon and did n't return it because of the return shipping fees you might reconsider.Happy woodworking
 Did n't fit my 5 &#34; port on my Delta dust collector .10 more words required . 10 more words required . 10 more words required .
 This reducer does not fit into the back of the Delta Unisaw . Delta forgot mine on the initial purchase . 4 weeks later , I still do n't have one .
 considering that i already had purchased a woodstock 6 '' to 1 '' step reducer and that many dust collection main tubing is 4 '' diameter , this reducer is the right complement because one can connect the 4 '' main tubing to the dust collector through a 5 '' hose . a big shot .
 American Valve makes their PVC products in CHINA !!! Unsatisfactory Quality control . I 've had to replace the same 2 '' valve ... 3 TIMES !! It involve digging up my water main to the house each time . The failure occurred in the same spot each time ... on the valve stem housing which supports the handle ... about a 1 '' crack . I 'll never buy a product from them again . Sent the crappy piece of PVC in a box to the CEO !!
 stopped working in under a year -LRB- no output -RRB- . My xantrex charger lasted over 10 years , and I found a new 30A model for $ 85
 The dimming feature , which accounts for a good amount of the price premium , does not work . It seems that there are just 2 discrete light settings , which switch over at a random point as you turn the dimmer . Crap .
 If you want a safe that you can open , buy something else . Sentry safes are junk and they will not replace or repair . We had ours for 1 1/2 years and only opened it occasionally when it became impossible to open . We were advised by Sentry to call a lock smith and have him drill into the safe , ruining it . What CRAP !
 I bought sentrysafe A5889 . After couple of years use , Electronics Pad stopped working . Replaced battery but did not help . SentrySafe CSR told me I have used inferior quality battery so battery got damaged and I need to call locksmith and pay myself to open it.-Anand
 Never sent product , every time I requested deliv . date he would move it further along . I finally cancelled and my credit card made good the refund .
 For one thing , this safe is not `` 38-cu . ft. '' , but `` 3.8-cu . ft. '' ; second
 Apparantly , this saw arrived with weakness in the metal as a few teeth dropped off on the very first use - after only a few seconds of cutting . This is no reflection on the vendor but may not bode well for the manufacturer . I returned the saw for a refund .
 I had this gun before which I purchased 10 years ago . THAT previous gun is a viking - still going strong today . The new version , which I just purchased , is an absolute piece of crap and I would not recommend it to anyone . The only reason 1 star is selected is because 0 star is not an option .
 Customer Service confirmed my suspicion about their End of Life signal . It will start chirping a 5-chirp sequence and continue until you replace it -LRB- or remove all power -RRB- seven years after power is first applied to the unit . There is no way on the unit to silence this `` feature '' , so imagine what happens when this starts signaling in the middle of the night , or if the unit is attached to a 10-foot ceiling and the wife is home alone for two weeks . This example of big brother protecting us from ourselves and thereby creating difficulty or danger -LRB- users will disconnect the unit until they can install a new one -RRB- makes me wonder sometimes - `` What are they thinking ?! '' .
 i bought this to replace a 1st alert model they no longer make . It probably works ok but the interconnect to other alarms does n't work and it was really hard to get the detector back on the mount once the two were separated to install . To get it back on I had to use a razor blade to remove parts of the insulation . The 800 number was helpful in figuring out how to get it back on . Overall ok but if I did n't already have a smoke detector right next to it I would have bought a combination smoke/co2 detector . It was delivered on time .
 In Sept 2010 , I purchased and installed 2 of these units in my home . About 1 week , after I installed the units much to my surprise one of the detectors starting beeping in the middle of the night ! Although , the unit was manufactured in May 2010 it had a battery with an expiration date of Feb 2010 - how stupid is that!If you buy the unit , please check the battery expiration date . Better yet this should be done at the factory before it is shipped to consumers !
 I ordered the BC-30 fence from Amazon . After receiving only half the parts , the 2nd box was lost in shipment , I was told sorry not our problem . I spent 6 hours and 4 weeks trying to resolve the issue only to be told my time was wasted and in the opinion of amazon not worth anything and to shop elsewhere . I would avoid Amazon at all costs their customer service is terrible !!!
 Terrible communication from the seller auto barn led to me being strung along over a month when my order was actually canceled a couple days after it was placed . I ended up getting what I believe is the same product from Oznium.com but I ca n't really be sure since I never got these . If they are the same , the product is 3/5 , durability could be better but for the price just order a few more , you 'll always need led rocker switches for something ...
 The small diameter , coupled with the length and deep-ridged construction causes this hose to produce so much friction that there is no vacuum to speak of and therefore NO DUST COLLECTION . I first connected this to my 2hp cyclonic dust collector . There was barely any air movement at the 1 '' end of th hose . I then used my 6.5 hp shop vac with similar results . I went back to duct-taping a 2 '' hose to the underside of my bosch sander handle which works fine , except that the hose is a little unwieldy . Better unwieldy that dust all over my shop and the work . DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 Sounded like a great product to hook up a small hose to my Bosch sanders . But when connected to my 6.5 HP ShopVac it creates such a LOUD high pitch it is just beyond any hope of using , even with highend ear protection.Turn it on and even our Beagle inside of the house runs for the hills.Product connects well as described . Just do n't connect it to a ShopVac.Bosch should porvide a disclaimer NOT to be used on a ShopVac .
 I 'm not sure this extremely thin and long hose produces enough suction to pick up any sawdust . I was using duct tape to connect my Rigid vacuum hose directly to the output of my Bosch sander and the vacuum was so strong I had to pull the sander off the wood . Then I purchased this hose and have been totally disappointed . Make sure you buy a dust mask if you use this product you 'll need it . The end fittings of the hose fit my vacuum and sander very well so I 'm considering removing them and attaching them to a standard size vacuum hose .
 Beware of this product . I purchase the Vac001 to use with my Bosch detail sander and orbital sander . I hooked it up to my 6.5 HP shop vac and it screamed like a banshee . I called Bosch and said that some of them do this and I should return it . I did so and hooked up the second Vac001 to my Shop vac and had the same results . I called Bosch again and they admitted that it wo n't work with an more powerful Shop Vac .
 This product would be great if it did n't make a heinous squeal when it was being used . I figured i would n't read the reviews because it was a Bosch product and it was something simple like a hose and a few fittings . What could go wrong ?? Even with ear plugs the noise makes me cringe . This item is garbage . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 Keep in mind on this hose it is only 19mm - 25.4 mm would be 1 inch - 38mm would be roughly 1.5 inches , so this is HALF the diameter or 1/4 the cross sectional area of a typical shop vacuum hose which will drop airflow significantly - fine for drywall dust but if you get a piece of paper or a edge strip sucked into this hose you are likely to clog it . The fitting on the vac end is the standard 2 '' -LRB- 50mm -RRB- fitting , so your hose is going from 19mm to 50mm with a high probability of clogging with any large object -LRB- nail , drywall screw , paper , etc -RRB- which would fly easily through 1.5 '' hose -LRB- 38mm -RRB- . Perhaps packaged with a small nozzle for computer keyboards or a dusting brush for computer fans and laptop fans it would be useful - as it is it 's trouble - look at the Mr. Nozzle hoses - much better professional grade hardware .
 I would recommend that you stay away from this product . Do n't even think about buying it . If you are sanding buy the 1 '' adapter for your sander and look elseware for a vacuum hose . Poor design , low quality plastic materials make this product a complete waste of money . RUN AWAY !
 PROs - Lightweight , flexible and easy to use with portable tools . Really works well with hand drywall sanding tool.CONs - Contrary to the photo on the amazon website , this hose is not reinforced like the original equipment hose that came with my Bosch 3931 professional vacuum . It is constructed of a very flimsy flexible plastic which is very easy to pinch . Once pinched , the hose collapses whenever the hose intake is restricted and further reduces air flow . It was a waste of money . I will need to obtain a reinforced hose which does not have this problem .
 This hose fit all that they claim it does but when using it with a vacuum cleaner it screams so loud at the tool end that I have to put on hearing protection . This happens even when not connected to a tool and when the adapter is pulled out of the hose . Seems that the corrugations in the hose cause the problem . Also the hose is stiff and inflexible . I 'm returning it .
 Length :
 Some of Scott 's products contain ingredients not disclosed on the label.Although I 've used this product for a long time I 've switched to Jack 's Pro Water Soluble Fertilizer 25-5-15 . Not only is it cheaper it comes from a company I have no reason not to trust.Apparently not only does Scott 's quality control seem to be lacking they seem to be valuuing profit over honesty and safety . Right now there is a multi-state lawsuit in the courts over bird seed products which were treated with pesticides known by Scotts to be toxic to birds . Some of the seed was fed to domestic birds , which it killed . It is unknown how many wild birds were destroyed . The evidence is that pesticides were added to the seed to preserve the product during storage , even though staff told management about the toxicity . Scott 's has offered to pay a fine , an amount they came up with , which is a fraction of the profit made from 75 million units which continued to be sold , that is until employees notified the EPA.I 've also seen various other complaints about insect egg contamination and ingredient inconsistencies in their bag fertilizers.So I do n't know what might be in this stuff . It seems clear that if there 's a problem I wo n't be hearing about it from Scott 's .
 Gave instructions to place a pin in the holes you can see in the drawing . It was to activate the spring when mounting the hinge . No pin was included which made these expensive hinges useless .
 This paint must have been sitting on a shelf somewhere for a VERY long time . The pigment was terminally separated upon delivery . You ca n't stir it out because the bottle has no extra roof above the liquid . I put a steel ball bearing in the bottle and shook like crazy for about 5 minutes after cutting through the pigment at the bottom to begin breaking it up.The paint is good I think - after all the above exercises . So , okay but be really for a real workout before you can use the stuff.Maybe you 'll get a newer batch than I did .
 all this is - a gray paint.no chrome to it.applied it to my chrome scracthes , not even close to chrome . you need to really take chrome someplace to have it matched !
 My first bottle arrived with a loose lid . The paint was a solid mass . Amazon shipped a replacement , the replacement also had a loose lid and was also a solid blob . If you need this paint , you need to shop elsewhere .
 The image on the website is of a chrome soap dispenser . The shipped dispenser color looks like a cross between brushed nickel and bronze , yet Plumbers Surplus insists the website image is accurate . Caveat emptor , you get what you pay for .
 I 've bought 2 of these . Neither was capable of completely shutting off the flow of water
 I am a professional mechanic , and I bought one of these because the mac and snap-on carts similar are much more expensive , and for a small roll around cart I thought I did not want to spend much money . I did not buy the cart from Amazon , so I am not mad at Amazon about anything . When I opened the box the cart came in I immediately noticed several dents . I thought maybe it was damaged in shipping , but upon closer inspection of the box it came in I found no damage on the box , meaning this damage was there before it left the factory ! It did not come with instructions , although it was easy enough to figure out how to assemble . None of the pieces fit together right , I had to bend the side chrome bars to make it go together . the top tray was bent , and I had to use a hammer to straighten the metal out so it would go together . Two of the wheels did not spin freely . The paint was uneven , chipping and coming off . In fact , the paint was even rubbing off on my hands as I was assembling this monstrosity . One of the screws that hold the handle on the drawer did not even have the Phillips head cut into it , that 's right , it was a blank uncut head on the screw . The drawer does not open easily , and it seems to get stuck halfway open and you have to give it and extra push or pull to open or close it . The cart is made in China , and for some reason the lack of quality really does n't surprise me coming from China . Do n't buy this product , I am returning mine for refund on Monday . Spend a little extra and get a better brand , I 'm not saying you need to buy a Mac or Snap-On , but there has got to be something in-between price-wise .
 With all the advertising that it is the answer to low water pressure I was very disappointed . It only sputtered out a weak stream of water that sort of fell through the air . It did not live up to its advertising . It does seem to be very solid and it looks nice but it did not help with the low pressure shower .
 This thing is worthless . It actually reduces the pressure . Do n't buy it if you have low pressure . A garden hose nozzle would work better .
 If you want `` Bulbrite '' brand bulbs made in China than go ahead and purchase . Just dont expect Sylvania brand even though they are falsely advertised as such .
 You will be regret if you are going to do business with Light Bulbs Etc , Inc. .
 i put the light bulb in , it flickered and then out , did not last , and kind of expensive for a light bulb
 I bought this to remove some stripped screws . It removed two out of four , and loosened one enough to grab it with Vise grips . No go on the fourth.I worry about using this regularly , as this magnetic bit holds the ground out remnants of the screws . Unless you clean it , when it is reversed it could leave these bits of metal inside your drill 's chuck.I 'd return it , but wo n't because I used it .
 wanted it to work , needed it to work , did a little ... . but mostly frustrating !!!! Drillout - Screw Remover Kit 2 Piece # 6 # 14
 Did absolutley nothing except smooth out the top of the screw . I tried for over 2 hours to get a rusted screw out with no luck .
 I bought 2 of these units , thought it would be cool to have one upstairs and one in the basement since when I am down there it is hard to hear the door bell . Anyways , the units have a scratchy sound at best and if someone hits the doorbell quickly , like kids often do , it messes up the signal . Sometime if you hit it twice really quickly it will cancel the signal . My biggest complaint though is that one of the units completely died after about 1.5 years of use .
 Never received item . Searched all over Amazon and there does not appear to be an icon or anything else to click on to register complaint for third party purchases . Will never again purchase from one of Amazons `` partners '' . I 'm guessing Amazon makes it hard to dig through their clutter to find customer `` service '' and people will give up on low dollar items . Amazon wants their cut but does not assist with any complaints . If they say it was delivered you do not have any way of disputing . Of course you are billed promptly .
 I purchased this approx . 4-5 months ago purely because a lot of the reviews stated that it was very durable , strong and lasted longer than most others . It is very strong and does `` work '' but I have had some issues with it ! You have to make sure where you are adhering it is COMPLETELY dirt free or it will soon come up . It stayed on some of my porch steps and not others and when adhering we had some issues getting it to stay on some steps . It has lasted but is starting to crack and tear on some steps . I would say it was worth the money and since you get 60 feet adding more in places is no hassle , I just expected more from this product !
 This screwgun just doesnt compare to the dewalt dw272 ! This gun grinds the screws every time . It just isnt as smooth as the dewalt . I like bosch a lot . But on this screwgun dewalt has the better tool !
 I was trying to upgrade from my 16 '' Craftsman and I am afraid I made a big mistake . I could not control the vibration on this machine no matter how I bolted it down . I tried the suggested carpet pad but to no avail . I have sent this back for a refund , thank goodness that Amazon allows me to do this . I will try to save my pennies and go for the DeWalt or perhaps save even more for a HAWK . I am extremely happy with all other products I have from Dremmel but this was a disappointment . I also had problems with the light and the hold downs as was stated in another review . This is certainly not the scroll saw I was hoping for.D . Allen
 Wow ! I bought the dremel saw as a present for my husband even after I read all of the horror stories about people who recived damaged saws or saws that did not work at all . When we recieved the saw the box was badly damaged as was the saw . We called the dremel customer service about the missing parts and they said that since they were not the ones to ship the item or sell the item they were not responsible , eventhough I went to Amazon only after they recommended them as a retailer on the dremel website . Amazon thankfully exchanged the saw and we recieved the new one this morning . The package was in much better condition and the saw seemed to be great . After spending time reading the owners manual and putting the saw together we went to turn it on and ... . nothing , not a hum or buzz ... nothing . The light works but that is it . Again we called the oh so helpful people at dremel that said try to swap the switches to see if you can get it to work , on our brand new saw . Nope , did n't work . They then said to put it back in the box , place it on the front door step and UPS would come pick it up sometime in the next week . They were also gracious enough to say that if it was stolen off our front door step they were not responsible . After being picked up the saw would be looked over by a technician and then returned to us ... sometime . Screw that , we are tired of recieving broken saws , we do n't care anymore , my husband no longer wants a scroll saw period . We are getting our money back . The one good thing that I can say is that Amazon makes returns oh so easy .
 Bought this tool to get into scrolling and make Christmas presents . I 'm very dissapointed . Pinless blades can only be used once because the wing screw that holds the blade bends and breaks it . There is alot of vibration too . I normally buy higher end tools and wo n't make this mistake again .
 The practice of just slapping an address label on a manufacturer 's box and `` shippin ' it '' is pitiful at best . The saw arrived coming out the bottom of the box and parts were broken -LRB- which I subsequently had to order from Dremel -RRB- . My experiences with Amazon of late have been awful . The manual for the saw had been taped to the top of the box lid and was an older edition not showing the current parts for assembly .
 I did a lot of looking and research before I bought this saw , partly because I did n't expect to use it very often -LRB- if I was a heavy user , I 'd have spent twice as much and got the DeWalt -RRB- . Based on all the specs , plus a recent review in a respected magazine , plus lots of hands-on looking at the $ 200 and under machines , I decided to order the Dremel.When it arrived I was pleasantly surprised . Until then I had n't seen one in the flesh . It is easily the best-looking machine out there , has excellent fit-and-finish , and uses quality materials -LRB- at least the visible materials -RRB- . This , together with it 's 18 '' throat , large table , good light , sanding attachment , 2-year warranty and $ 200 price tag made this seem a real winner.When I turned it on , all seemed fine . It had been reasonably easy to as-semble , blade attachment was simple , and vibration was quite moderate.But
 The Dremel Scroll Saw that I received was defective , and previously owned . As received the saw would not run . I removed the access covers to evaluate the problem . During this operation I discovered tool marks made your provious customer when he tried to evaluate/repair the defect.The defect was a misinstalled auxillary drive arm . This was an original assembly positioning error . This indicated that the misassembled saw was not tested by the original manufacturer.I have corrected the misassembly and the saw appears to function correctly.I think the following actions are required :1 . Develop a basic quality assurance program with your suppliers .2 . Change your operation pattern to assume that when a customer returns a produce , it returned for a reason and not because he is an idiot that likes to ship things back .
 Well , it worked ok for awhile . Did n't use it a lot before that , so the warranty expired . Thought I was getting something with the ` Dremel ' name , which meant reliability . NOT ! I 've had good luck with Craftsman tools , so I 'm going with that .
 I would tell you what I think of this product if I could use it!The saw arrived a few minutes ago and after I opened the top and started removing the parts , I realized that there was a broken part , so I pulled the saw out to find the part that broke off and realized that the bottom of the FedEx deliveredpackage was open , so of coarse I ca n't honestly return it for a full refund . This was going to be a Xmas present and I ca n't figure out what to do with it now . In the old days you would simply call someone for assistance , not anymore .
 Look for another solar powered product . Very disappointed with this item , the numbers are hard to work.I broke two plastic screws trying to remove the plate to get to the numbers .
 This is in expensive itemWas cheaply made and had to be returned at myexpense . Plastic parts were flimsy and it 's hard to use .
 The product looks great and is nice and heavy , but the angle it leaves the shower head is really bad . The shower head points almost straight down so you can only tilt the shower head so far up . You need to stand really close to the wall in order to use this .
 The 1B-1X I received was installed at a customers house that was not local . I was very disappointed when I had to go back out because the valve would not stop running . The valve I received was defective and I had to purchase another -LRB- from a local supplier this time -RRB- in order to get my customer back up and -LRB- NOT -RRB- running . Do n't buy this item .
 I was informed that I needed the garage door opener # 1050 . This has got to be the wrong one . Can you supply the paper work and a box so that I may return it to you and get my money refunded ? Great customer service . The only problem I have is that It must be the wrong opener .
 simple to set up ... just set the ten on/off switches to match what I am using , install battery and you 're done ... did not work ... checked battery , O K , the red LED lights up when I push the button ... tried reversing the switches ... tried resetting them again does not work
 The button will not stay seated properly in its place . I bought two and it happened to both . Once this happens they will not work normally ever again . And do not drop it or it 's toast .
 I wanted the `` visor '' style like in the photo . Instead I received a small keychain style . It works good - but not what I expected .
 purchased this at the recommendation of the manufacturer and this remote does not work with the type of door opener unit I have -LRB- you would think Stanley would know their products ! -RRB- so I am now out $ 14 unless I want to spend another $ 8 to return the remote to the seller which would cost me a total of $ 22 for something I can not use and return . I should have ` paid ' closer attention to the return policy before making such a purchase . A word of caution if your garage door opener was made prior to 2000 then you MUST purchase the exact same remote to replace a defective one as the technology has changed and there is no such thing as a `` universal remote '' ... BUYER BEWARE
 It 's a bargain , but the button eventually gets stuck and then does not work . The old original had a metal tab that could be pushed after the button broke . Now the with the `` advanced '' technology , when the button fails , you 're screwed . Like another review said , it works for about a year and then breaks .
 I actually bought two of these remotes , one for myself and one for my roommate and they worked fine at first but after about a year both broke within the same month . The button on the case snapped off . I continued to use the tiny button bare circuit board for a few weeks but then that stopped working as well .
 I have used this model remote for over 15 years , only because the dealer here only carried this model . It is junk . They are poorly designed so that they break really easily . Even pushing the button too hard can break the unit . I have a bag currently of at least 6 of these , in various stages of breakage , that I will now throw away . About a year ago I discovered the little white mini that Stanley has , and it is a dream to use . Do n't waste your money on the 1050 .
 sorry very diappointed in this item it 's suppose to replace my old one could n't set the code in it so it do n't work
 Only use this remote if you have too . Had three of them now , two originals and one replacement The plastic nipples that hold the button plate and hold the case together always break right away . They still work but you have to tape things together and several times you have to take the case apart and adjust the button plate placement so it will work .
 Was very misleading putting a picture of a 16 ' tape measure instead of the 12 ' that they are selling . I guess it 's my fault I did n't read the description more carefully , but I think the picture should be of what product you are selling !
 I bought two of these garage door openers ; neither worked . Further , it was seemly not possible to open the device to set the codes without nicking the case because the plastic case was so soft that it nicked no matter how gently I attempted to open them . I want my money back !
 The tool bag is nice but I felt it was over rated for the function . Mainly used it for onsite repairs of networks and telephone systems but found that although it was a nice looking , strong built bag , it was difficult to find my tools in the shadows of the zipper pull down . I also did n't like the way it carried , it felt unbalanced . I switched back to a cheap $ 25 dollar aluminum case from HD which I have to replace every year because they fall apart .
 Very fast shipping and looked good , just like the picture , Then I tried using them ... First one fell apart on the rotary tool , Fibers went flying everywhere , it slipped from its shaft and was useless . OK i got 12 , try another . Maybe i was using them on too high of speed . Took it down to slow . Tried to use it then , and it left the shaft completely , rolled behind my stand , OK ten to go , tried another , it spun ! At least this time and stayed on the spindle . Then i hit the silver , All over the place , off the spindle and down about half way , no good . OK got 9 left . this one spun a little better , no balance to them whatsoever . shook my rotary tool and made it sound like i was drilling teeth . When the fibers stopped flying off i touched the metal i wanted to polish . Off it pops , no way to tighten a screw or anything to seat it again . Last try , it spun some and slid down the shaft . No way am i trying to put jeweler 's rouge on it a and try it on a good piece of metal . Overall not a quality item , will not buy again , nothing good here . try another buffing wheel at some other place . Maybe i will take these off the shaft and use them as desk protectors like feet on another project.I got what I paid for , cheap .
 Garbage , disintigrated upon use . Literally fell apart as the dremel started to spin , before ever even touching the surface . little fabric strands everywhere .
 I did not read the reviews before purchasing - big mistake . The first one I put in my Dremel , at the lowest speed , sent small cloth fibers everywhere ... all over my clothes , all over the project I 'm working on , the counter , the floor , my coffee 2 feet away , etc. . I recommend spending more on better quality polishing wheels . As another reviewer said , I got what I paid for .
 they sent the wrong product i need 4 mm pins they sent 5mm and no one has bothered to contact me
 Bought it , and sold it . I 'll get a USA made or an antique for the same price . I 'm getting sick of 2nd rate Chinese stuff , and will take the hit cost wise to get a quality made unit from the US .
 I have already given you a review of this product and you should consult your past mail if you wish to re-appraise yourselves of my views . If you are having problems then come back to me but once should surely be enough.Yours faithfully , Peter Lord .
 This is not a Gerstner . It is not even a Gerstner International . It has no name plate . It is just a no-name product -LRB- of modest size and strength -RRB- . Non-descript wood -LRB- not really beech , but some similar Chinese wood - all plywood -RRB- . All drawers and caseword must be assembled by you via dzus fasteners -LRB- you know , that cheap stuff that simulates a barrel-bolt without having the same strength -RRB- . You have to wedge the drawer bottoms with their pre-pasted felt into the drawer sides during assembly , so have your longest , thinest palette type knife around to tuck the felt into the bottom groves.Some hardware missing - No-Name maker 's customer service very helpful and super prompt.Good for the craft and hobby crowd . I wo n't try to load it with 400 lbs of hand tools -- the normal use of such stacked chests.Amazon should not have let this pass as presented .
 The 1/2 '' drive pieces would not accept my ratchet . I ended up knocking the pin out of them and using another socket to drive the bit .
 Just spoke with Macco Akzo customer service - 800-634-0015 -LRB- Manufacturer of Liquid Nails products -RRB- . This specific product line -LRB- DR-807 -RRB- was discontinued in 2008 . Any tubes currently on the market are at least 4 years old ...
 This faucet looks great in the picture and at `` only '' $ 120.00 , it seemed like a good value . Guess what ... the handle and the body are cheap plastic . Do you want a cheap P-L-A-S-T-I-C faucet in your kitchen ???? I sure do n't . I do n't care how it works ... it 's cheap , cheap , cheap and Moen should be ashamed to sell this garbage.Did I say it is cheap ? Only reason I gave it 1 star is you ca n't give it NO STARS !!!
 The pull-out spray does n't fit well into the base , pulls out too easily -LRB- even when cleaning -RRB- . When you move the faucet from side to side , the spray spout wiggles a bit ; not solidly seated . Moen is sending another heavier weight to put on the hose under the sink . Why do they even sell a product that needs an immediate fix . If that does n't work , I 'll return the whole thing .
 I realize that nothing lasts forever , but for around $ 120 , it should last a lot longer than a year an a half . I went with this brand because I remember the `` buy it for looks , buy it for life '' commercials . What a joke.It was great while it lasted though , and I love the way it looks .
 I bought this faucet on the strength of Moen 's name , but almost immediately regretted it . The way the faucet is designed , it loosens each time it is swiveled . I needed to repeatedly tighten it . If I made it tight enough to stay in place , it was barely moveable.Almost every part of the faucet is plastic . It feel lightweight and cheap . After a few months , there was visible wear at the point the pull-out faucet fits into the sleeve , and shortly after that the pull-out part became loose and wobbly.I just replaced this piece of junk with a Kohler .
 The photo of this product -LRB- 10067953 -RRB- is not a true representation of what one gets in the kit.The picture suggest one would gets a full body harness , lanyard , D-Ring connector strap and a pouch.Well , there is NO D-Ring connector strap included in this kit and the buckles on the leg strap have been replaced with clips .
 When I laid the straight edge accross the table to level the throat plate I discovered that neither the table , nor the throat plate were flat . If you will be using it for joinery it will not work for you .
 The table top is aluminum , the legs are plastic . With the bolts tightened it seems to be stable though I never got to use it . The table has two main problems which make it not worth ordering .1 -RRB- Packaging
 As other reviewers have mentioned , the top on mine is far from flat . There is more than 1/16 inch valley in the middle - making accurate routing impossible . Unfortunately , i had mine more than a year before i noticed the problem -LRB- i 'm just an occasional woodworker -RRB- , and now i 'm stuck with it ...
 Directions referenced screws and nuts that were not in the box . Pictures were very vague about positions of different item . Finished product not worth the hassle of putting it together .
 This item was probably returned before since the box glue was torn and the flaps just taped shut . Table top was scratched up and warped to boot .
 I made a serious error in purchasing this item.I wanted to mount a Triton 3 1/4 HP router to this.In the manual for this table it clearly states you mustorder RA1186 Router Adapter Plate -LRB- which is essentially adrill-able blank -RRB- . Sure enough , none of the MULTITUDE of holes on theincluded adapter plate match neither my Triton nor anmuch older Dayton router.YEs , I can try to drill some holes and I will howeverthanks to the MANY holes already in the included adapterplate one of the holes will be badly malformed as I ca n'tfind a clean area on the included plate to make 4 freshclean holes . -LRB- Edit below I ended up not drilling the plate ... -RRB- I 'm rating this as low as I can because Bosch is sellingkit that is not supported . I `` ve looked all over the netfor this optional adapter plate.I 've yet to find one.I knew when I ordered the table I maywell have to get the OPTIONAL plate . Where I failed is notresearching ahead to discover said plate does not exist.That said , there is ZERO excuse for Bosch not supplying this plate.Editing this post.I finally heard back from Bosch after writing them about the RA1186 plate and how to get one.Their customer service person told me ` we never made any of those plates ' . NEVER.I forgot to mention in my first pass of this review that the table itself did have somewarp as mentioned by much earlier reviews . It was approximately 1/16 or perhaps a bit moreof warp in one diagonal of the table . I used two different squares to measure this and it wasrepeatable measurement.So , whatever defect they had a couple years ago is still in the manufacture of the table.Amazon took my table back and I got a full refund.AMazon gets a solid 5 from me as they took it back despite me trashing the original box -LRB- I hadexplained to them the situation about the accessory plate not being available -RRB- . Amazon paid shipping on return.I 've since bought a Rockler top and accessories . Total cost was about 100 more but I 'm far happier.Bosch just lost a customer for life.THis is not a company to trust . If they dont ' support the product they can not be trusted.P.S . Anyone buying this table if you have any doubt if your router would fit I 'd look elsewhere.I `` ve since learned that Bosch is now offering the RA1185 plastic plate instead ... Based on reviews of the optional RA1185 plate , which is some sort of plastic , it flexes.You have been warned . Good luck .
 I received the router table with packaging in good shape . All parts and accessories were present and undamaged . However , it was evident that the `` new '' router table had been returned by a previous customer because the original packing tape had been cut and replaced and some of the plastic packaging of the accessories had been opened . It soon became evident as to why it was returned . The table had a significant warp - nearly an eight of an inch ! I repackaged the item and will be shipping it back tomorrow . I expect a replacement table in about 4 days . I will follow up with how that table is received . As an aside , the return instructions require return of the original packing slip , but none was furnished when the table was delivered.UPDATE
 Says fits a variety of routers . Mine is not listed , so I have to have adapter plate RA1186 . Guess what ?? They do n't make them , and apparently never did.I gave this one start because they do n't take zero . I fault Bosch for false advertising , but I also fault Amazon for selling this product .
 My 1st Bosch table arrived on 2/11/13 ; the box had sprung open during shipping , but everything inside looked new and OK ... until I put a long straight edged to the table top before assembling . It rocked back and forth in every direction
 When the package arrived I was not home , but I have a covered front porch . The box was in horrible shape , it looked like someone kicked it all over . I want to ask a question about the product b4 returning , but I ca n't seem to have that option . Another thing was the entire bottem of the box was opened , and with this being something you have to put together yourself , How do I know if all the peices are in the box without ripping the rest of the box apart . Since I bought it as a Xmas gift , Im not sure what to do . Anyone have a suggestion ? Cause if I take the whole thing out of the box & something is missing , they wo n't allow me to return it .
 I really wanted this table to work out since I was in favor of the cast aluminum top , meaning it would n't rust nor warp if it got damp.But upon receiving the first one , I immediately checked it with a straight edge to see if it was warped and it sure enough was . I posted a video on Youtube -LRB- aVkS2KlORLc -RRB- showing this.I called Bosch and they said they could n't do anything and for me to just send it back for an exchange . I did n't like this since there 's a good chance I 'd just get another one from the same batch and it 'd have the same defects . Well , sure enough , I got another warped one . I sent both of them back and ended up buying the RA1171 , which ended up having a warped router mounting plate . I called Bosch again and they once again told me to take it back and exchange it and they could n't help.Since it took me nearly an hour to assemble and I sure did n't feel like dealing with them anymore , I ended up going with the `` Build your own '' option . It does n't necessarily come out cheaper , but if done correctly , it 'll turn out to be much better quality than the sub - $ 200 options I found.Bosch makes great tools from what I 've read and experienced , but they apparently sub the manufacturing of their router tables to cheap Chinese manufacturing companies . I found a Craftsman one that was built just like it with different colors , coincidence?This would be a great table if you 're able to find a non-warped top . The fence looked the same as the RA1171 and seems to be good and sturdy .
 This is my first purchase of a Bosch product . I was really looking for a quality bench-top router table I could easily carry around to different job sites . When I received it and read on the box `` Made in China '' I immediately had some doubts.After a couple of hours assembling the table I immediatley checked the bench top with a straight edge for flatness . Sure enough its about a 1/16 '' out of being flat straight across the router mounting plate . I also checked it diagonally and its out almost an 1/8 '' as well . I then checked the fence with my square for vertical alignment to the table top after securing it in place and its about 1/16 '' off as well . To do quality work with a router you need to start with a flat table!I can not recommend this item . They state the Bosch brand has become synonymous with engineering excellence however this product misses the mark . If the table where flat I would give it a higher rating . The fence alignment I can shim , however I should n't have to.I would spend more money for a better product or just build one .
 Bosch mounting plates are a non standard size.That means that the plate ca n't be replaced by any readily available after market mounting plate . Bosch does not not sell a pre-drilled base plate for type ` B ' Routers such as a Freud . The only work around is to buy a Bosch blank plate and custom drill it for your type ` B ' router.In order to change bits the router must be lifted out of the table . That is no big deal . However , to lift the router out of the table the fence must be removed . I lengthened the slots on the fence to allow the fence to be pushed back on the table far enough to allow the router to be lifted without removing the fence.There was enough material on the fence to allow lengthening the slots . Why did n't Bosch do that to start with ? Not everyone has a die grinder and small guiding bits in their back pocket to alter the fence . Nor do they necessarily have a good drill press and bits to drill a blank base.In general Bosch make good tools but their marketing people better wake up
 I 've had mine for six months and mostly it has been a source of heartache . The top is bowed like an upside down bowl . I can adjust the center plate to put it in line with one of the sides , but it is really hard to hold work flat on that surface . Cuts with a vertical component like glue joints or dovetails are ruined as the piece teeter-totters up and down . The base is made of plastic , so it is a bit wobbly . I 've had a terrible time with the bolts that hold it together . The plastic is ill designed such that I ca n't get tools in there to tighten the bolts . All I can do is hand tighten them , with great difficulty . Consequently , after I 'm done with 20 minutes of routing , I usually have three or four nuts on the floor below the table . At some point it is just going to fall over on me . That is n't safe ! The fence is reasonable . Apart from that , Bosch just wasted my money here . I 'm going to get a different table and think twice before buying more of their stuff .
 I have found the plastic base to be more than adequate as long as it is clamped to the bench in at least 2 places , I know this is a major concern for many people and have not found it to be an issue at all . I also have not had any issues with the switch although plugging in the vacuum and router by feel can be annoying but not a deal breaker as I do n't do it too often.As others have stated the table is a little out of flat , but I also found yesterday that the fence is a little out of true vertically , this became an issue running stock vertically for a dovetail groove.I have two HUGE pet peeves about this table : One is the miter slot , it is not a standard 3/4 '' miter slot , it is oversized enough that any featherboards I have designed to clamp into a miter slot do n't work because they do n't spread enough to get tight . I measured it at about .86 `` The slot is also too large for a miter gauge to be used because it is way too sloppy to be safe or accurate.The second big issue is the included feather boards and clear guard . The T-track on the top of the fence is set back from the surface of the fence which means you need to use the included spacers to be able to attach anything . These make what would be very good accessories cumbersome and slow to install . This makes it really annoying to go back and forth , you also have to remove the bolts and flip them over to use on the table surface , and they can only be used in a few locations where there are slotted holes in the `` miter slot '' . Despite the pain of installation , the featherboards do function very well once installed.I understand this is probably the case for any cast table but the lack of a flat edge on the bottom makes it very difficult if not impossible to clamp on auxiliary fences or stop blocks.Compatibility : Ridgid R2900 - Fits well , I have this router in the table now and I like it.Freud FT1700 - DOES NOT FIT , I got this to replace the Ridgid but it does not fit -LRB- and apparently does not fit any standard table -RRB- Overall a decent package , fine for profile routing , but for precise joinery can be difficult to set up accurately .
 Half of the reviews writen from March 2012 have had warped tops I wounder if the other half just did not catch it . This does not say much for Bosch QA not to catch a bad casting.Update Just recieved a second one and it has the same problem . The second one had been opened before , it sounds like Amazon just recycles the bad ones instead return them to Bosch . I talked to a tech at Bosch and he said that they were not aware any problems with RA1181 and to bring it in to a repair center .
 I can not recommend this item . The table was n't even close to being flat , and what 's more useless than a router table with a warped surface ? A cast aluminum router table seems like such a good idea , but , to make it flat enough , it probably requires a machining and/or grinding and/or lapping operation after casting . If you look at good quality table saws with metal tables , you will see the marks from the machining operation . After returning this router table , I found a much better one at Lowe 's under the Skil brand name for $ 139 .
 Great value but table top was warped . 1/8 inch out , center to right side . Otherwise , I liked the table so I called Bosch to try to order just a replacement top but no luck . The Bosch rep claimed there is a history of tops damaged in shipping and the defect was not due to manufacturing . The table shipped in the original Bosch packaging , with no additional outer packaging from Amazon . The table weighs about 40 pounds . There was no visible damage to the box or the contents . Too bad because I would have preferred to keep the table . I returned the table with Amazon 's typical superb no questions asked return policy .
 Cheaply made , lots of play in the movable jaw , so much as to be nearly useless . Worth what it costs , barely .
 Ordered two of these for a toy box I 'd built . The mechanism is n't robust enough to keep the lid from slamming though . Maybe my lid 's too heavy . Nonetheless , there were no mesurement instructions as to placement included so I had to guess . Would n't recommend this product .
 It only seems like it should be an easy install . Unless you have some sort of engineering degree this is going to take some time to setup properly . After many adjustments I finally got it set up , but it took well over an hour for what should be a five minute install .
 I may have something unique but this ball would be about midway on my cars -LRB- one subcompact , one medium sized SUV -RRB- if I tried to install it according to the instructions . It could be hung from the garage ceiling and would probably work OK .
 I ca n't make it work the way the package and instructions say . I can leave the ball in one place all of the time and that would work , but to make it go up and down with the door is a mystery .
 I had a cheap , but excellent Nelson hose spray that I had bought from Walmart several years back that eventually cracked due to the severe heat/cold since I used to leave it outside . I bought this Orbit Lawn & Garden 10-Pattern Front Trigger Millenium Hose Spray from Amazon hoping I would be getting one of the best hose sprays out there . Like I said in the title of this review , the spray build quality is excellent and looks and feels great when you hold it in the hand . The moment you attach the hose and start the water , it all goes down pretty quickly . The settings are pretty much similar with little variation between them , and the ` jet ' setting barely has any power -LRB- as compared to my previous Nelson one -RRB- . The trigger lock seems convenient but drastically cuts down on the pressure because it does n't lock all the way in like you would press the trigger normally . Today , I tried to unscrew the hose from the spray , and it just would n't come out . Looks like something may have rusted inside that 's causing it to lock . I 'll have to try some other day with some WD-40 . I felt that for the price only the looks and feel were worth it , not the performance and usability which I value more . All in all , quite a dud . Would not recommend it to anyone.Updated 5/2/2010Today I had no choice but to crack open the hose spray so that I could connect the hose to the sprinkler . I will not recommend this horrible product to anyone .
 This thing supposed to be a replacement on my old nozzle , which lost most of the spring mechanism , and after looking around and reading reviews , bought this nozzle . I just do n't get the 5-stars reviews about this product . Got the nozzle couple of weeks ago and used for the first time yesterday . The nozzle 's not that heavy , the dial is not tough to turn and the swivel mechanism is pretty cool . But the lock for the squeeze trigger is just terrible . If you push the trigger all the way in , you get full water pressure , but if you try and lock the thing , the pressure will drop ... a lot ... So what 's the use of having the lock if it wo n't hold the highest pressure ??? The trigger 's kind of tough to hold , after a while I got some wrist discomfort . So , back to basics and to my old nozzle and the new nozzle will see no light in the drawer . Oh , by the way , it leaks . I had to use a second washer ...
 When I got this thing I thought it was pretty neat as all the different spray settings offered lots of fun watering the flowers , the grass , the car , and anybody who got close . Then it got dropped on the driveway and instantly started to leak backward out of the turret . I think I had this thing well over a year and loved until that one day . After it got dropped on the driveway it was done .
 I am completely disatisfied with this product . I used one of the Torx bit and the tip just completely broke into several pieces . I will be asking that it be replaced as soon as possible . I have had SK tools for over 25 years and this is the first time I had a serious quality issue . I am very supprised and this experience has me looking to other tool manufacturers that offer better quality . How do I go about getting a repalcement bit ? Please advise . Thank you !
 This product is nothing but a block of wood , a t-bolt and a leveler along with screws that are too short . Save your money and go to the hardware store and buy a t-bolt and leveler , drill a hole and install.I bought this product and wound up tossing the wood and screws and using the t-bold and leveler only . I would have saved time and money if I had done the above .
 The color and everything worked great . It did however take a little longer then normal to dry . Also it was so fragile , rubbing it continuesly would wear it away also wiping with alchol . I even put tape on it to mask off certian areas after a day of drying and you can see the color on the sticky side when I removed the tape . I was spraying bare metal and ended up useing a clear coat to protect the color.I was not too satisfied .
 Bad paint for foam , it spits and made a mess of my RC plane , also it rubs off when worked on.even allowing to dry for three days . BILL SCHALLER
 I recived the Krylon Antique Bronze , but I got one with a silver top and a label sticker showing SCS-099 Antique Bronze , but the paint spray out was silver and the replacement was the same , right size , right price , But Not The Right Color . I did get what I wanted , but maybe others will . I will still shop Amazon , maybe not for PAINT .
 I have bought three of these spray cans so far . One was black , the other was clear coat . They were as I expected . However , I bought the Glow Orange can , and to my surprise , it was WAY OFF . It looks like neon orange , not like the orange shown in the picture of this product . Very displeased .
 I found this product works well but is not robust . This is my second one and both have developed cracks in them during winter months and after about a year of use . I keep the parts insulated . The third valve I have is from a different manufacturer and is holding up well .
 Bought this Rain Bird sprinkler valve a little over a year ago and it started out with minor water hammer problems . Every time it turned on/off it would rattle the plumbing -- easy to tell when the sprinkler went on/off . After several months of use the valve started having worse water hammer problems getting progressively louder . After being off all winter this valve worked as its usual noisy self and then one morning started cycling on and off with severe water hammer that was impossible to turn off . It was so bad that my neighbor showed up wondering what was rattling his plumbing . Turning the timer off still did n't solve the problem-it still cycled on/off . The only solution that worked was to turn the water off to the sprinkler system and replace the valve . Replaced the Rain bird valve with a new Lawn Genie valve and was impressed with how quiet it turned on and off -- zero water hammer . Replaced the other Rain Bird valves with new Lawn Genie valves and whole system now much quieter .
 Item 's measurements are listed as : From the Manufacturer22-Inch Power Tool Box with Lift out tray , measures 21.31-Inch by 13.5-Inch by 12.5-InchProduct Description21 '' Gray/Black Plastic Power Tool Box With Lift Out Tray , Total Size 21-5/16 '' Long x 12-1/2 '' Wide x 12-3/4 '' High.Actual measurements : Outside -LRB- at the largest ouside dimensions -RRB- L 21 '' , W 11.5 '' , H 13.5 `` Inside -LRB- smallest inside dimensions ... . where it counts -RRB- L 19 '' , W 10.5 '' , H 12.5 ''
 This is a neat flash light , and will serve it 's intended purpose well if it is tough enough . That said , I rated it two stars as it did not work at all out of the box . I was about to return it , but then curiosity got the better of me , and I tried to figure out why there was no light . It turned out that one of the rubber sleeves on the battery tubes was out of position and was preventing the end cap from contacting the battery tube . I repositioned the rubber sleeve with a little super glue to hold it in place and it worked fine . Gives good light and is lightweight . Not sure how long the batteries will last or if the construction is rugged enough . Time will tell ...
 when i ordered this for my husband i was thinking it would be alot bigger so when i got it i was a little disappointed in it
 This is a poorly made device . Feels chintzy and the tripod legs , while magnetized , wo n't stay together , which makes it frustrating to use as a handheld flashlight .
 This appears to be the same junk I received with my disposer . The flimsy rubber gasket comes off nearly every time I remove the stopper from the sink . A durable machine like this should not be sold with such a cheap part . The opening of Waste King is a quarter of an inch smaller than most disposers , so a stopper from the hardware store will not fit.If anyone knows of a replacement that will fit , I 'm listening .
 This splash guard is horribly designed !! It is so stiff that you actually have to push every single bit of waste down its throat with your hand or a utensil ! When you push against one of the six triangles , the other 5 remain rigid so you have a very small opening ! They wear out in a few months because they are all chewed up from the way you have to push the food down ! Even the cheapest InSinkerator models have a better splash guard design ! You push against one side and they all open up ! If the food is heavy enough , you do n't even need to push ... it just slides down the opening by itself ! How convenient !! While the extra horsepower might be great if you 're in a commercial kitchen , for every day use the Waste King is way too frustrating . Next time I 'm buying an InSinkerator !
 There 's a suggestion when you look at the Waste King disposer description that you might need this set for your new installation . Not true
 Why oh WHY do n't they list the actual product dimensions or the actual models of disposals that take this part ? Is the circle about 3 1/8 inches in diameter ? There are lots of similar items and many models of Waste King disposals that do NOT use the same splash guard . I do n't want to have to return such a small item , especially since so many have reported never getting their money back for a return . And why ca n't I purchase just the splash guard ? I do n't need the extra sink stopper . Does anyone know where I can get just the splash guard ?
 I ordered this for a Waste King disposal . The diameter is TOO SMALL for a standard -LRB- older -RRB- Waste King disposal . It was not at all clear that the Waste King Disposal is different from the Waste King `` EZ Mount '' Disposal . I read many reviews but that was noted in any of them . Who changes the dimensions of their product opening ?? Someone at that company truly is a `` Waste '' . Seriously - why would you want a smaller opening for the drain for a disposal?Additionally I gave it one star because the quality is junk . I can not imagine it lasting more than a several months given how thin the rubber is and it would certainly not stop silverware or other items from falling into the disposal . Shop for another part . I did not return the item as I had to open the package to see if it fit!A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND $ .
 The spash guard that comes with the Waste King Gabage Disposal unit protects from backplash of food items very well . However the hole for the food to go down from the sink is too small . You have to use some tool to push food through . You also ca n't look to see of all the food has been ground down and sent through to the disposal unit . In addition it is nearly imposible to retrieve items that have accidently gone down into the sink . I would recomment looking for another splash guard that is compatible with the disposal unit .
 The color different than shown - mine came in black - the reason I ordered because it showed as silver . -LRB- To match a stainless steel sink -RRB- Return cost more than item . It is not worth returning . So only thing I could do was to let others know .
 I guess if you wait long enough you will forget you returned a cheap item . It would be nice if I got my credit .
 I RETURNEd THIS AFTER RECEIVNG but no money backI RETURNEd I RETURNEd THIS AFTER RECEIVNG but no money backTHIS AFTER RECEIVNG but no money back
 Economical but it does n't stop the water from draining out of the sink . The replacement splash guard was worth the purchase price but the stopper does n't work .
 I ordered this and the dishwasher kit when I ordered my Waste King garbage disposal . It was a waste of $ 9 . Neither item was necessary . It would cost more to ship them back than the $ 9 I paid for them . From now on , do n't order items that Amazon suggests that go with the item you are ordering
 I thought I would be getting a classier version of a disposer sink stopper that would match my stainless steel sink better . WRONG . This is the exact same black piece that comes with the disposal . What a rip off !!! Not even worth the energy to return it.I think it is really unethical and dumb for Amazon to post false pictures of an item -LRB- as of today , they show a grey , stainless steel colored item set -RRB- . Total bait and switch . Amazon should fix!Now I 'm considering whether or not I can trust future purchases from Amazon , just because of this very misleading picture.Not happy ...
 I ordered this with my Waste King Disposal as suggested by Amazon . You do n't need because it comes with disposal . Roy IL .
 I bought this with disposer but that was a waste . Because the new disposer came with the new set of stopper . I had to pay the shipping fee separately from the disposer which cost more than the item itself . There is nothing wrong with the stopper and guard themselves but I just did not like the purchase I made . I will keep them though I may never need to use . Returning the item will be another headache .
 This was a suggested additional item to purchase when we bought a garbage disposal . ITEM WAS NEVER NEEDED AND RETURNED . CAN NOT REALLY SAY IF THIS IS A GOOD ITEM OR NOT .
 Since I kept the original sink flange , this was not needed . I did not realize it when I bought the disposal . This product does not fit . I supposed it would have worked if I replaced everything . The problem is not the product so much as the following the bad recommendation to buy it in the first place .
 Bought the PacTool International SS424 Backerboard Shear hoping to speed the six homes up our Church Group was re-building in Bastrop TX after last falls wild fires . The head fell off on the first house . What a waste of time and money . Hope other people have better results .
 Finally getting around to hanging the Hardi board siding on this job & was looking forward to dustless -LRB- as advertised -RRB- cutting . I tried every possible way to make these shears work , but every cut resulted in `` butchering '' the edge . I think I could of made better cuts with an axe ! I 've been building houses 60 yrs & ca n't do this kind of work & keep happy customers . I will be returning this product to Amazon & going back to my to my old dusty Skil-saw/hardi blade where I can make precise/clean cuts .
 Until today , I did n't replace any old hinge -LRB- total eight hinges -RRB- from the flip-top dining table yet . New hinges
 I went ahead and ordered this despite other reviewers because I had seen the item in a store and the pictures looked the same . I figured if the color representation was off , it would n't be a big deal , as long as they matched -LRB- I had ordered 2 -RRB- . Wrong.The item I received is different from the picture shown in every way . First off , I selected the Fieldstone color option.l To begin with discrepancies , it is not the short 3 '' tall border as shown , and that I had seen in a store . I received a 6 '' or so tall border that has the look of stacked fieldstone . Secondly , it is not two sided , it is tall , skinny , and has the empty side . Lastly , it is n't 10ft long . The product I received is only 9 ' 4 '' . That being said , I am returning it , and I cancelled the one that had n't shipped yet.Order with caution . I will post a photo of what the Fieldstone actually is . Perhaps that will help other shoppers .
 This `` rock '' edging is around 3/4 '' inch thick back to front , and 2 inches tall . It is smaller than I expected and also glaringly shiny . It looks exceptionally fake . I 'll be using something else .
 I purchased this product last Spring and installed 6 boxes of this edging . It does not stay in the ground and I 'm constantly walking around pushing it down . I push one piece down and another piece pops up . It is a good concept but the functionality needs work .
 A waste of time . I will never buy these again . Puny , uneven , and was n't anything that I expected . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this item twice and twice I received the wrong product . Instead of receiving the item pictured and applicable part number , I received `` SUNCAST FDS10GY FIELDSTONE EDGING '' ... completely different item than what is pictured and described.Part number and descripton needs to be corrected somewhere along the line -LRB- I tried to explain this to the customer service agent ... not sure if anything was done -RRB- . Rather than getting the wrong item a third time , I purchased this item from another supplier .
 Wow , I purchased based on reviews in here , but what a dissapointment.This stuff looks cheap and feels cheap and only square corners , norounding the edges . After installed you get a couple of inches above ground.The pictures are deceiving .
 The Item number is for 10-1 foot sections of part number BSE10TG . The picture is for part number FDS10GY . The image is for a different part number than listed .
 These nails have got to be the most worthless nails I have ever used in a nailer . No strength at all . Do n't buy .
 I use my tools hard and often so I demand the best tools for the money . Trusting the Makita name from past experiences I went with their 5007 Magnesium circular saw . First I was surprised that this saw -LRB- and most Makita tools -RRB- are now made in China instead of Japan/Europe ... and the decrease in quality is apparent . The saw would not allow me to finish the last inch of rough cuts on treated lumber no matter the adjustments , not to mention the guard gets hung-up preventing some cuts as others have mentioned already . It is a shame that a formerly trusted brand like Makita has outsourced to China , this automatically makes them a mid-range tool company instead of a high-end tool company . Quality tools are made in Europe , Japan , Mexico , or the USA ... not in China , it 's even worse that they still try to charge top dollar even though it 's made in China . I returned this saw for a Milwaukee version which was cheaper and performs much better than the Makita . This saw ` might ' be fine for the average homeowner that may use it a few times a year , but it is not up to par for daily or commercial use .
 I checked this saw out at the local big box store and it seemed very well made . The floor model was made in Japan so I bought it . When I got it home I checked the alignment of the blade and it was out by about 3/32 front to back . Also this one was made in China . I brought it back in favor of the Milwaukee . Other than that it seemed like a nice saw .
 Unfortunately this could have been a great saw . But I want to smash it with my hammer . The features are great -LRB- lighter , degrees for roof framing , blade depth numbered ... -RRB- but it cant cut because the blade guard gets in the way . I bought the saw and used a friends saw and they both have the same problem . If your saw cant cut quickly and efficiently its useless especially if you use it in business . Do n't buy this one buy the older makita its less expensive and the best saw in my opinion .
 I recently bought the Veto XL bag , which is a somewhat smaller version of the XXL . I wrote a rave review of the XL , and liked it so much , I decided to order one of these.Unfortunately , I had to take advantage of Amazon 's great return policy , because it just would not work for me.Like the other Veto bags , there is a stiff partition in the middle -- with one side devoted to pockets of varying sizes for hand tool storage . The other side is a rather narrow -LRB- 4-5 '' -RRB- tray , running the whole length of the bag -LRB- long enough for a 24 '' level -RRB- -- with no tool pockets on this side.I wanted to be able to carry two cordless drills , an extra battery , the charger , a small hand saw , and a 24 '' level . All that stuff just would n't fit in the narrow tray , so I decided I am better off with the Home Depot $ 35 bag . The latter will easily carry all that , and you can use the pockets for a bunch of drill bits , drivers , etc.If Veto made a bag with tool pockets on either side , and an open tray between , I would buy it in a minute . But the present configuration is just too awkward and inefficient for me .
 The item description is misleading . I have a mountain bike - Raleigh Mojave 5.0 and this rack does NOT accommodates the tires . The top rack is design to tilt at a slight angle to hold the tire firmly but it is not tilted enough to accomodate my regular mountain bike 's tire . Eventually I have to bent the hook down in order to muscle my tire onto the hook . But it was a pipe construction so the structure integrity is compromised this way -LRB- you do n't really want to bent the metal pipe and expect it to hold the same weight -RRB- . If you have a `` phat , chunky mountain tires '' , DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . Guarantee you 'll regret it .
 This product comes with 2 anchor screws and claims to support 40lbs . My bike is 22 lbs . It ripped the unit right off the wall . This product really needs to be attached to a stud with strong screws.I advise not to purchase this product unless you can find a solid wood support to attach it to .
 the bike came off the wall along with the top mount within three weeks and shattered an aquarium . my bike is not even 20 lbs . While the instruction says it can be mounted on any type of walls , it does NOT stay on a dry wall . The screw they provide is not long enough to even reach studs . very poor product .
 first of all just want to say that i have a road bike , and its less than 40lbs . it holds the bike right after install . but when i put the back on for the 2nd time . it pulls the wall rack out and made 2 holes on the wall.they should make an angle down the screws and not flat into the wall !
 It does n't withstand the weight of an average mountain bike . It 's a bike rack designed only for very light ones . Unfortunately , they not warn you before you buy your product .
 These are great but be ready to go to your local hardware store and pick up some better wall anchors . The ones that come with them can barely support the weight of a bike .
 I am sure this might be useful for some people , but not sure who . It says that this is the right size for all bikes , but the wheels on my mountain bike -LRB- standard one , not anything special -RRB- were too fat for it . : - -LRB-
 This is my first review for any product I 've purchased on Amazon . I feel obligated to leave a review because there are a lot of conflicting reviews for this product.First , this product does NOT accommodate any wheel size . I have a XC/trail mountain bike , and my tires barely fits . My tires are 2.25 '' , which are relatively small compared to all mountain / downhill bike tires . My front tire does not sit nicely into the holder as it should . It 's also very difficult to hang and remove the bike given the size of the tires . This product probably works really well for most road bikes , but not worth the hassle for mountain bikes.Second , the screws that come with this product are literally garbage . One of the screw heads was misaligned , which contributed to stripping of the screw when trying to install . In fact , both screws were stripped as I tried to screw into a stud . The screws never did make it all the way into the stud and so I had to remove the screws . I ended up scratching the heck out of my wall and the product , as I had to use a hammer to try to remove the screws . Fortunately , I had some spare screws I ended up using , which worked a lot better . I also had some paint to touch up my wall , but it was an ordeal I should n't have had . Do not attempt to use this product without installing into a stud if you have a mountain bike.I still have the product and am using it , simply because I do n't want to go through the ordeal of returning this item for $ 15 . It 'll be useless when I upgrade to a better mountain bike . If only I road bike ...
 Maybe I did n't look carefully enough at the description , but these cords were flimsy although they were the right length
 This product is great at killing mosquitoes , after they bite the heck out of you . If you are looking to stop mosquitoes , as I was and this bulb was categorized as an anti-mosquitoe bulb , then look somewhere else.This bulb does n't keep bugs of any kind away , it just kills them after a while . Big dissapointment , especially for $ 14 .
 I purchased a dehumidifier and while shopping the tubing came up as relevant to the dehumidifier . This product does not fit a Frigidaire FAD704DUD 70 Pt . Dehumidifier . Tube looks to be fine , but not worth returning .
 These are not the adjustable length cords in the picture . There are two 14 '' , two 19 '' , and one 26 '' cords , and they seems very sturdy , but they are n't what I was expecting from the image -- I wanted something adjustable .
 It will take you FOREVER to get it going . Not worth it , unless you 're doing some sort of `` science project '' for school or something along those lines .
 We recently purchased this drill press for our small custom shop . We appreciate well made machinery and for the price of this unit that is what we were hoping to receive . Some parts of the machine are excellent , variable speed and generally solid construction . Yet the machine is mechanically flawed .1 . There is a full 1/16 '' of quill play . This exists between the quill and the gear in the handle assembly . This equates to a vertical rattle and an inability for the drill press to drill a hole to a precise depth . I called Delta and their response was that this is acceptable and normal in this model ... 2 . The drill press quill stop is a piece of flexible bent steel and is not a part of the head casting as with many sturdy old drill presses . The steel is flimsy enough that you have to be careful not to deflect the stop at the bottom of the stroke by pushing aggressively , or you will be boring a hole deeper than you would like .3 . The top of the head is open exposing the variable speed drive . It would be very difficult to get your hands down into the pulleys but this is still a safety issue . All pulleys with belts should be fully enclosed , period . This may even be an OSHA violation , but regardless ... . sloppy design.Overall this machine is a disappointment in its price class . Some bad design elements , and some poor machining ... made in China.David KuznitzDK Woodworks
 If you read Amazons review of this product - it illudes that this Drill press comes with a Jacobs Chuck & yet it DOES NOT !!!! It comes with a CHEAP off BRAND chuck with a Jacobs Taper !!! BIG DIFFERENCE !!!! They also will do nothing to correct this problem !!! This is what thier review says ; We like that the power switch is right on the front of the head , rather than on the side , for quick starts and stops . When we examined the 1/2-inch chuck , we found yet more quality in the Jacobs name .
 and for what it costs , I should love it , but I do n't . It came with a bowed left fence . After two weeks , I still have n't rec 'd the replacement , so I can only make cuts from the right side . The right fence is about an inch tall , i.e. TINY . It slides smooth , and cuts wide stock . The blade it came with is good . The table is also pretty small . The saw I 'm replacing is a five-year old 12 '' Dewalt -LRB- dual bevel but no slider -RRB- , which I still prefer , sad to say -LRB- bigger table and fences -RRB- . A couple of colleagues have the 12 '' Bosch slider , and love it , which at this point I wish I 'd bought . Anybody want my Hitachi 10 '' slider ?
 Product was delivered FED Ex with no damage - good choice Amazon , given hitachi 's so-so packaging . Ships with 40 tooth blade which is of very limited use . I 'm a professional woodworker and bought this tool to `` upgrade '' from my little old C8FB2 , the first slide miter saw . No slide miter can replace a radial arm or table saw for accuracy , but I was hoping to get a little closer than I could get with the 8 inch saw . At first , I was impressed . Most adjustables were right on out of the box . Slide was tight and smooth with acceptable deflection . Power was marginal but OK with a top quality blade that you 'd have to purchase extra . Detents are positive and tight , better than the earlier saws . Cuts in 8/4 sapele bogged down with a 12 amp motor but a light trim pass cleaned them up nicely . But here 's the rub
 Saw was defective . Blade did not square up at 90 degrees . Tilted at 45 degrees it would have hit the side channel . Hitachi warranty service in Peoria says they can fix it or it will be replaced .
 This saw is chinese plastic and will not hold up to pro work , do n't bother with it.It 's not accurate ... I have 26 yrs in finish carpentry .
 I am very disappointed how cheaply this Hitachi 10 '' is made . It is made in China , not in Japan like my old saw . My old saw was working fine after many years , and I wanted the new laser and since I have money to spent on new tools now , I sold my old saw last week and ordered a new one , but boy was I disappointed . I am from China and I know quality when I see it and this saw made in China does not live up to Hitachi 's reputation . Returning to Amazon tomorrow and maybe I will order a Makita instead .
 I was very disappointed to find that this saw was made in china . This particular model sold elsewhere is still made in Japan and the finishing is night and day difference on the saws . Further the saw arrived damaged which was not surprising owing to the poor packaging . To amazons credit , they quickly refunded my money and the shipping cost , but it looks as though I may still be stuck paying the insurance needed to return it . I would be delighted if amazon was in the routine of describing where their products are made in the specifications section for each item . Surely , this is not the only example of this problem , and I know fir a fact that there are many people who , as a rule , endeavor to purchase items made in countries other than china .
 Do not buy this saw , it is made in China . You can get one that is made in Japan , quality is noticeably different just by placing the two saws side by side .
 I owned this saw for two years and it has had a problem with the trigger switch since new . The dealer does not have any repair parts . Ca n't find a HITACHI parts supplier who has any parts on the internet .
 This saw works great , for about a week . We 've gone through four of these in the past month , all with the same problem , the positive stops on the miter wear out . The one on display at my local Mega-hardware store works fine after what I assume is constant daily abuse by tire-kickers . But ours die in one week . The saw is fantastic otherwise , beautifiul smooth cuts with no blade wobble , the laser has spoiled me , and it does n't jerk on start/stop . If Hitachi could just make the stops more robust this saw would be a 5 star hands down .
 I purchased the Hitachi C10FSH and I have several issues with the saw . They are -LRB- in no particular order -RRB- 1 Head Flex . While fine for general carpentry the head flex -LRB- lateral movement of the head assembly and blade -RRB- is excessive , close to .3 degrees . Add this up for left and right cuts and you are off a significant amount . It is unusable for furniture making , the accuracy is not there .2 Adjustment problems . Measured with Starrett -LRB- i.e. quality -RRB- tools the right miter setting is of by .5 degrees . In order to compensate for this I have set the right fence at 90 degrees to the blade when on the left setting . Now the left and right fences are not coplanar .3 General issues . The center bolt for the table could not be tightened enough to eliminate wobble . I needed to remove it and add a washer to increase the spring tension to rectify this issue . Also , the table is not level with the right and left sides of the base . It varies enough that when rotated the either left or right miters are slightly off from 90 degrees to the base wings . The laser marks only one side of the blade making it usefull only on either right or left cuts.Added 12/17/04The 90 degree bevel stop is easily pushed in while making bevel adjustments . If you are doing an entire house that has many odd crown corners -LRB- 135 degrees for example -RRB- this gets to be a real hassle . Still only 2 stars although I am close to going to one star based on price to value.The good
 This was the best tool in my shop for a while . I take special care of this saw . It now has some major problems - frequently it will not start . I have to raise and lower the blade guard and move it up and down . There must be a short in the electricl somewhere . As good as I loved it at the beginning - I would not buy another Hitachi product .
 I have been a using some version of the Hitachi slide compound since 1994 . Have used several if not all of the 10 '' slide compound and the lastest version has left me VERY dissapointed . I 've worn out -LRB- due to everyday use over three yrs each . -RRB- 4 or more . The first one shipped was a open box one and the saw was bent/twisted at the up/down pivot . No way to square it . Second one was new and is going back tomarrow beacuse the bevel press pin is not seated correctly and cracked the casting -LRB- poor quality control -RRB- Also the rear fences will not align without elongating the bolt holes in the fences themselves.Love the saw for it 's features but since being made in China I believe quality control has TANKED.Amazon has been great in replacements and I do n't falt them in anyway . Hitachi just needs to get their act together .
 I AM A FINISH CARPENTER FOR HIGH END CUSTOMERS . THE FIRST SAW I RECEIVED FROM THIS VENDOR HAD BEEN DROPPED AT LEAST ONCE AND COULD N'T PRODUCE MITRES . THE SECOND SAW RECEIVED HAS A PROBLEM WITH THE BLADE AND ATTACHMENT MAKING THE SAW WOBBLE . EVEN AFTER REPLACING THE BLADE WITH A NEW ONE , IT STILL WOBBLES.WITH A TIME PENALTY ON THIS PROJECT , I WILL RECEIVE AN INVOICE FOR HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS IN PENALTIES.AT THIS POINT , I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 I bought a C10FSB several months ago and the third time I used it smoke poured out of the motor and it stopped . This saw had probably not been on a total of 10 minutes since new and only used on light cuts . This saw was beautiful on the shelf but junk in yhe shop . My old Delta is still perfect after twenty-odd years with only one belt replacement . Take my advice and buy something else - anything else . I was about to buy a Hitachi table saw but this pos changed my mind in a hurry .
 It was shipped in a box with no peanuts , wadded paper , or any kind of filler or padding . the box was mangled so badly I had to take a picture I have no way of sending . The top was folded over and partially taped with some cellophane with parts of the saw sticking out . The few accessories were loose in the box , I do n't know if any fell out through the holes in the top .
 I opened up the box and set it up on the table , let out a big grown put it back in the box and sent it right back . I do n't know who would rate this thing above 1 star unless they do n't use it . I need a saw for 4 to 6 hours a day so I bought a Milwaukee 12 '' . Spend $ 150.00 more and get a tool not a toy .
 Look for the other reviews that give this 2 stars . I make custom cabinets and furniture , and from time to time do interior trim and some remodeling , and I do n't like to give painters alot to do except paint - gaps and mitered joints `` cheated '' w / caulk or filler is not acceptable , and obviously does n't cut it when working w / clear finished work . I 've had 2 of these in 2 yrs and both have had the EXACT same problem . It 's hard to actually explain , and in fact the Hitachi reps I 've spoken to do n't even seem to understand it but I 'll try to make some sense of it here.The saw IS NOT -LRB- based on my experience -RRB- suitable for high end furniture/cabinetry/trim work . As the one other reviewer mentions , reliable 90 cuts have been impossible . I 've had to try the R&L ; fence cheating and while that can work , it does n't seem to stay set for long and also it 's a nuissance to have to remember and/or compensate for out of plane fence positions . But the biggest trouble I have is that regardless of bevel the cuts are NEVER accurate to the miter angle , regardless of the dimensions of the piece being cut . No matter the setting it 's off by at best 1/32 and at full extension , up to a 1/16 . I believe the flaw is either in the head joint knuckle and is either a factory casting flaw or poor milling or perhaps the arbor but so far that has n't seemed to be the real issue . I 've spent literally hours trying to adjust and tweak , and nothing works . As for the head deflection , these are n't radial arm saws , push on any slider and they move but I 'm very careful to let the tool do the work and not push or lean on it so that 's not the issue either . The shame is that this is such a smooth cutting machine and does have the power to handle most jobs but except for being a faster than cutting by hand , or having to remember how to use a single bevel saw , I would n't use this for more than siding , maybe exterior trim or sloppy mediocre paint grade trim - to help out those poor painters of course . If the tool manufacturers keep making sloppy cutting saws , the painters wo n't have to worry about work too often.Last for anyone who might be dazzled by the laser option , it 's not worth much , you better not expect it to be accurate to the cut you need . It 's better than guessing but you will still need to creep up to your tick mark if accuracy is what you expect in your work.I have on of the 1st generation DeWalt 12 dual bevel sliders and except for the wobble all 12 '' blades have it 's still dead nuts accurate . I 've had the Makita LS1013 before and it has squareness issues too . Why does n't someone at DeWalt snap out of it and make a 10 '' version -- but a little quieter would be nice , mine is a screaming ear buster !
 I got less than 30 minutes of use out of this hammer drill before the chuck failed completely . It hammered and drilled very well , but after changing drill bits a few times , the chuck would not release the bit . The bits that came with the tool dulled very quickly . I have used many Makita tools in the past with good results , and this is the first tool from Makita that has disappointed me .
 Light is in a terrible location , the unit heated up to the point where the chuck froze . Do not buy a keyless chuck if you plan on using the drill for extended periods . I think it lasted 4 weeks before the chuck froze . I now keep a keyed chuck Dewalt on my truck . It will heat up to where you ca n't touch anything metal on the unit and keep working . It was worth the extra $ 50 over this one .
 I bought this drill to replace my cheap old Black & Decker which had finally bit the dust after about 12 years -LRB- pretty good for a $ 30 Chinese drill -RRB- . I bought it because it seemed nice , powerful , and Assembled -LRB- not MADE -RRB- in USA.As soon as I went to test it , though , I noticed a lot of run out in the chuck.I did a little drilling , and it seemed to work fine , although it did emit a rather high pitched whine from the motor.I switched to Hammer Mode , and it started to turn , then stuck , and smoked.I took it back , and switched back to an el cheapo Chinese made Black & Decker .
 This hose is cheap and does n't deliver water evenly . I 'm on my second 50 ' hose and it puddles water at the end and delivers nothing on the upper end . My garden beds are level , so it 's the hose . I 've been given advice to go with a better pro quality product , such as Fiskars or Osimile -LRB- sold by Rittenhouse on Amazon -RRB- . If I 'm going to go through the effort to lay out one of these puppies on a hot day , I want it to be worth it for the long haul . It 's worth $ 20 of my time .
 These hoses are absolute crap ! I would n't even give this product 1 star ! I made the mistake of buying 5 of these a few months ago . None of them actually sprinkle no matter what side of the hose is facing upwards , they just barely drip . And then the second time I used them 3 of them developed big holes through the side of the hose in several places ! They are unusable now since they do n't take a repair very well , they just develop more holes further down . Save your money and buy the more expensive ones - at least you 'll have a useable hose !
 I should have read the existing reviews before purchasing . Indeed , the watering pattern is so uneven that it is unfit for gardening . If your garden depends on water during dry times , 2/3 of your garden will die because only a few oversize holes in this hose will spurt water . Go with a Gilmour hose instead . The Swan hose is so bad , it should be pulled from the market .
 Lamp arrived with an inoperable switch . It can only be turned on and off by using a switchable extension cord . Upon reviewing the steps required to return the item , such as getting a preauthorize return form and the shipping cost of returning the lamp plus a restocking fee it was n't worth the effort . I 'll just be careful to insure I do not order any additional items from this manufacturer .
 Quickly , I expected more for nearly a grand . The table is n't flat , it 's nearly impossible to get the blade to run vertically -LRB- if it 's centered on the top wheel , it 's off on the bottom and vice versa -RRB- , no matter what I do there 's still a very slight grinding sound , dust collection is wholly ineffective and the cheap steel stand is n't sturdy enough to control vibration . And do n't forget , this baby comes ala carte ... you need to buy a fence -LRB- budget another $ 100 for a disappointing aluminum Delta fence that does n't adjust enough to compensate for blade drift -RRB- . On the plus side , the motor has plenty of power and the blade tensioning device is very handy . I guess the real acid test is that I only turn to this tool when I ca n't make the cut another way . I guess that says it all . I should have spent a few hundred more and bought a Laguna .
 Delta tools have really gone down hill . I 've had this saw for over a year now and while it is adequately powered , the drive wheels are not in plane . In other words , the blade does not run in the center of the upper wheel when it is centered on the lower drive wheel . Instead , it runs on the front . This causes the blade to come off the wheel alot and that destroys blades . There is not enough adjustment on the alignment mechanism to get it to even run on the center of the top wheel because it binds against the cover . This seems to be a common problem with this saw , as other reviews mention it . It 's like there is a washer/space missing . Wish I had my old 16 '' Delta back that was 20 + years old . Summarily , do n't buy this saw .
 This saw is overrated ... Literally and figuratively ! Delta claims this saw weighs 275 lbs ... It is only 180 ! This is a big difference and it affects the rigidity of the frame , the ability to adequately tension blades , the capacity to dampen vibrations , and the stability of the unit.The Delta technician I spoke to had no explanation for the discrepancy other than to say it had never been an issue before . It takes time and effort to assemble and tune the saw so if you 're not happy and do n't like it , returning it is not an easy option . Just try keeping all that packaging intact during uncrating and assembly ! The inadequate mass of the saw was just one of many problems ... read on.The cast iron table was wildly out of flat . The switch on the unit was miss-wired . As soon as it was turned on it created a short circuit burning the contact points and tripping my 20A time-delay circuit breaker . In fixing this defect , I discovered that two of the four connections with the switch were missing washers causing the wire to be pinched between the screw and the plastic casing . Not a very secure or reliable connection . The Delta people were very responsive about these problems and agreed to send a new table , a new switch and a new power cord -LRB- which was also damaged due to the short circuit -RRB- . Overall the fit and finish was terrible . Numerous fasteners were left loose , the lower door was misaligned , the door catch was positioned in such a way as to interfere with the blade , the mounting of the switch caused the left side blade guard to be pushed into the blade , even the company stickers and safety warning stickers and the `` MADE IN THE USA '' stickers were applied sloppily and out of alignment.All this being said , the saw ran and performed admirably once all these issues were overcome . However , the frame is not sufficiently stiff to adequately tension anything more than a inch blade and even that is a stretch . My advice is to stick with 3/8 in and smaller . It is a fine little saw if you do n't mind making a lot of phone calls , adjustments and repairs , and if you do n't mind getting only 2/3 of what you pay for ! Above all else remember this saw is only 180 lbs vice the 275 lbs that Delta claims . I checked that this difference is not due to packaging being included in the figure . Nothing you can do will change this lack of mass . Adding sandbags or bricks will increase the stability of the saw but it will always tension a blade and dampen vibrations like to 180 lb saw that it is .
 I ordered the bandsaw via internet on March 11,2005 . When it arrived it was missing the TABLE ! After frequent jerking around by Amazon and Delta , a table was finally ordered on April 5 , which arrived around the 24th . I finally had time today to complete assembly only to discover the trunion components that attach to the table are missing . It 's Saturday so obviously no one is answering phones , but the message states Delta is consolidating warehouses so no parts orders can be taken until after May 2 . Out of curosity I checked the flatness of the table , which is off .03 '' in 18 '' from right front corner to left rear -- so it is marginally useful in any case .
 After seeing one example at Acme Rents , I would n't buy one . An unknown quantity are cast in China and imported here . I was n't impressed with the finish of the table as it had an ground edge . I brought a used 28-212 . Do n't waste your money on the new Deltas , spend it on older Deltas.Delta will not learn until its too late .
 There should be a ready to hook up system for the water . I had go order additional equipment in order to use the poliher . Otherwise It is a great product .
 This polisher requires a special coupler for your water hose . NOBODY carries this special coupler so you have to order it online .
 I had this for quite a few years and then it burnt out on me ... I want to get another one but the price has gone up to an all time high and NEEDS TO COME DOWN ! Nearly three hundred dollars is TOO pricey for few years of use . Get to around $ 250 dollars and I 'll pick on up like that
 I ordered the Makita and paid for rush shipping to be able to use it over the weekend , but instead of being able to use it , I had to drive all around town looking for a 1/2 '' quick connect . I will now have to find this part online and special order it because this size quick connect is NOT carried at Lowes , Home Depot , or Ace Hardware ! I ca n't comment on the performance of the tool , only on how stupid Makita is at marketing ! You would think that a large company like Makita would hire and MBA with a degree in marketing to tell them to put a $ 2 part in with the machine ! Then again , it does n't take an MBA to know that a two bit part would `` create a lot of value '' for the customer and eliminate complaints . I would have gladly paid $ 10 for a part which Makita could mass order for 50cts . If anyone from Makita is out there in cyber space , please let me know what marketing wizards you have working for you that decided not to put this part in the box -LRB- they are probably spending good money doing focus groups and surveys to determine how satisfied Makita customers are while simultaneously pissing them off by not putting a two bit part in the box -RRB- . I just hope the engineers that designed and built this grinder are smarter than the marketing geniuses you have working for you , otherwise this product will really be a bunch of garbage . Had you 're marketing gurus put the part in the box , I would be using my grinder now instead of thinking bad things about the Makita brand .
 The Delta 380 Planer costs a lot of money and has proved to be one of the poorer machines in my shop . My biggest beef is the cutterhead is totally out of alignment -LRB- out of parallel -RRB- with the bed , hence lumber passes through twisting itself sideways , and the finished stock is thicker on one edge than it is on the other . Reajustments are a bear ! Additionally , knife changes are tedious and the infeed outfeed extention beds are not much better than garbage . This has been the biggest disappointment of my shop . Certainly not worth the money .
 I purchased this planer in January with high hopes for performance . I did read the reviews and knew going in it was low and heavy . After unloading and setting up it is not ready to go , you must adjust , adjust , and if that not enough you can adjust some more one of the many different adjustments . If you are thinking about buying this item download the manual and see if you want to deal with all the adjustments . If someone would take this off my hand where I could buy another planer come get it .
 I DIDNT THINK THIS SMALL FIRST AID KIT WAS WORTH THE MONEY . THE CASE WAS CUTE , BUT THE INSIDE WAS LAME . COULD HAVE FILLED WITH MORE AND BETTER ITEMS .
 I am an experienced woodworker that understands the limitations of a drum sander . VERY SMALL bites ! I have the older Delta 31-250 version drum sander . Have n't had too many table problems or sanding problems although snipe is sometimes a problem . I think the Proformax has a better system that will allow keeping in feed and out feed tables set so that the stock continues to leave the machine level and prevent snipe . The drive belt and motor that moves the material through the sander is my big problem . The conveyor belt has never tracked very well and is difficult to adjust . It takes constant monitoring even after allowing time for it to track in . I understand that these things will need tweeking from time to time considering all the factors that will effect such a belt but this is excessive . Then the machine is less than four years old with minimal use and the motor is shot and three repair places including Delta tells me the this small motor is discontinued and I ca n't even buy brushes for it . They may be able to send me one at a cost of $ 256.00 plus tax and shipping but really ca n't tell me for sure that it will fit . Who wants to spend 25 % of the cost of a new machine on an obvious poor design . Guess I will be looking for a new drum sander ... . not a Delta !
 All I can say is I hope you 're ready to spend all day setting it up and most of another bolting it to the floor to keep it in one place . I ca n't sell it without taking a huge loss because I could not dream of telling someone anything good about it . It needs constant attention . I have the one before the `` X '' . They say they improved the table height adjustment , I hope so for your sake ! I tried to set the speed to use fine grit paper and I could not keep the unit from vibrating right out of the moble base . Oh , then there 's the little issue with the drum binding half way through a planed piece of wood , for no apparent reason . I spend more time setting it up and fixing it and the wood it ruins than it was worth . Expensive lesson learned .
 I had this drum/thickness sander for over a year and thought it was really good UNTIL the table raising and lowering mechanism got out of alignment . As other reviewers have noted , this is a common problem with this machine . I spent around 14 hours of my own time trying to adjust everything properly following the instructions in the manual and gave up in complete exasperation . I took it to the warranty repair shop here in town and after working on it awhile THEY GAVE UP also . They had ordered some new parts and tried to get it back to functioning , but they simply could not get the table to raise and lower.Fortunately it was the X5 version with a 5 year warranty so in the end I was able to get all my money back and purchase a Jet/Performax 22-44 which I like much better . My advice , DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THE DELTA !
 I have owned my Delta Sander for several months - bought due to the favorable review in one of my woodworking magazines.Problems : Mechanism to elevate table is flawed . Cog belt constantly slips - I have spent whole days just trying to get table parallel . Table is diffuclt to raise and lower . Called customer service a few times but they were of limited help = suggested I take to service center . At nearly 200 lbs this is somewhat impractical.Motor must be removed to replace cog belt - not a one person job - motor is very heavy.No way to avoid snip.Tool might be good for small jobs - like crafts - but working with even small panel doors leads to disappointing results.I have many delta tools in my shop - love them all except this one .
 I have had this sander for 4 years , and the infeed can not be adjusted to track correctly . I have tried a new belt and every adjustment , talked to delta for support , all to no avail .
 I 've had the sander for a couple of years . Get extra sanding belts as they clog or burn . -LRB- I usually use the sander for maple & cherry -RRB- Also have a set of american sized allen wrenches & regular wrenches handy because you 'll need them often . Sander works O.K. but not ready for prime time .
 I am a professional woodworker and needed a drum sander to finish sand my raised panel cabinet doors . I did n't really have the money to lay out for a nice , big , commerical grade machine so I figured I 'd give the Delta a try.Before I bought my sander I carefully researched and read all the reviews . To say the least I was skeptical about the machine but I figured I could just take it easy with it and get the job done until I could get a larger machine.The Delta was well made , easy to assemble and adjust and ran smooth right out of the box . But when you start running wide cabinet doors through it it 's weaknesses rear their ugly head.Like a previous poster said it 's a good concept but lacks in power . The main weakness I 've had problems with is the conveyer motor . This whimpy little motor will trip it 's breaker at the slightest little strain even at slow speeds . Guess what happens to your workpiece when the conveyer stops but the drum keeps on sanding?The overall machine is not rigid enough to hold it 's adjustments with continued use and trying to sand a piece wider than 18 inches always turned out to be a disaster.For a hobbiest or occassional woodworker the Delta may be suitable but it is way too slow and whimpy to try to make a living with . The sandpaper can just kiss the wood on each pass and it takes many , many passes to properly sand a cabinet door , and if the conveyer motor stops while sanding you 'll probably have to remake the door.So I am ordering a Woodmaster drum sander for my shop and regulating the Delta to small trim pieces and balsawood . I love all my other Delta machines but this one is their `` Pinto '' . Rick HoguePensacola , FL
 I have a small custom shop with almost all Delta tools . This is the worst machine I have ever worked with in 25 plus years of woodowrking . Adjustment are awfull , rarely does sand paper last any time before breaking -LRB- at 5 + dollars a pop -RRB- . And today the sandpaper holder breaks , so how long will the machine be down before it can be fixed , days , a week ?? Im done this tool is less than worhless , it is a $ 900.00 chain around my neck.A former happy and dedicated Delta customerP.S . Am I the only one seeing less quality since Black and Decker owns Delta , Porter Cable and Dewalt !!!!!
 This sander is EXPENSIVE but very weak in it 's performance . I am truly disapointed in this sander . It looks good but the drum ca n't keep up with the in-feed belt if it is set for maximum run . The machine 's drum binds against the wood being fed into it if there are knots or if the wood is a hard wood . I paid well over $ 800.00 for what I was told was a great drum sander . I tried to return it the very next day as I found out that first night how poorly this thing performs . Save your money , buy a different brand if you want a machine that sands like it should . Shame on you Delta !
 I purchased this item in August of 2004 . It broke down in early February of 2005 . It has been in the shop for the better part of 4 months waiting on an $ 11 part . Delta service centers in Auburn and Tacoma WA are snotty and sullen . There is no one at Delta that cares . I will never purchase another Delta , Porter Cable , or Black and Decker product because of the lack of service I have recieved on this unit . My advice is do not waste your money on this product . They break down too fast and no one will work on them or be there to help .
 I do not own this but I use it very frecuently at my high school.ProblemsTale height adjustment mechinism dose not stay in alingmentmoter is under sizedDrum houseing vibrates a lotend is open not closedthe metal stck on the machine is about 1/8 inch thick and vbibrates . Solution have a closed end use hevy duty cast iron or thick steel to reduce vibration . Change moter to threen or five horse power 220 volt . Make table adjust ment mechanism larger and more bulky not think and skiny like it is currently . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I bought one of these new drum sanders but ended up not keeping it . There were several issues , some solvable , some not.First , the table raising mechanism has been revised on these newer models . The cog belt now has two idler pulleys at each end of the machine presumably for better belt wrap . The table height mechanism worked fine on my machine , and there is a substantial portion of the owners manual dedicated to solving problems in this area.The primary problem with the machine was with the sanding drum . The drum that came with the machine had 3 problems : - The drum was not properly balanced - The drum had runout -LRB- out of round -RRB- by .007 -LRB- 1/128 -RRB- inch . - The drum was machined such that the wall thickness varied by almost 2:1 around the circumference of the drum.The drum vibrated noticably when running unloaded . The runout in the drum caused the machine to shake severely when sanding . The runout may not sound like a large amount , but it is recomended to sand as little as 1/256 '' at a time with finer grits , so the drum would engage the work piece and then release it as it rotated . The drum support is very stiff vertically , but the 4 sided box construction is not rigid front to back and can move quite easily.Delta customer service was very responsive and shipped a new drum assembly to my door . The replacement drum had the same wall thickness variations and runout problem , but was better balanced.Once the machine was set up and running , I ran a handful of test pieces -LRB- red Oak -RRB- through it . The sander had a problem with snipe more severe than a planer . The work is held down onto the feed belt with a pair of pressure rollers . The initial part of the work is sanded while it is being held down by only the infeed pressure roller . When the work reaches the outfeed pressure roller , it is pushed more firmly against the table and this is where the snipe ends . Snipe is not uncommon with drum sanders and the fix for this is to adjust the pressure rollers . Unfortunately the pressure rollers are not adjustable on this machine.It looks like a nice design on paper , but it 's performance in the shop was not up to par .
 I too had problems right out of the gate with the table elevation mechanism . I had read the unfavorable reviews but decided to buy anyway based upon Fine Wookworking 's favorable review.My machine was improperly set up right out of the box . I spend several very frustrating hours taking the machine apart , properly setting up the indexing belt and adjusting the table mechanism.Once I got everything corrected it works great , but for what I paid , it is extremely frustrating to have to spend hours correcting what was to have been `` factory assembled and adjusted '' .
 I ordered this a while back to replace a battery operated one that did not have enough power . I was soldering up a harness for a trailer and decided to use this one to test it . It worked a couple of times and then stopped working all of a sudden . No adjustment or refilling would bring it back to life . Just dead ! While it was working it did not approach the heat of a soldering gun so I would have to give this item 5 thumbs down . 2 for inadequate power and 3 for failure .
 I bought this product for a few diffent things . I was very disappointed in it . Does not even get hot !
 Due to hurricane damage , I was forced to replace my 18 year old Delta radial arm saw with a new Delta 33-895X saw . The new saw came with a defective motor that had to be sent in for warranty replacement . I am now told that the new motor is back-ordered and I will not receive it for at least 4 to 6 weeks . We have been without it for three weeks so far . We are a manufacturer and need our tools to be reliable , plus quick and easy to repair.To add to this , the quality of the finished product is not good . I suspect that this tool is not American made anymore . I always try to buy the best I can afford . If I wanted cheap I could have saved more than a few hundred dollars by buying an import.So much for good old american made .
 a good foot shorter all around had to go to local store and buy another tarp it really was 10x12 and fit perfect was stronger and came with bungee tie downs and it was HALF THE PRICE local tarp was cheaper then return shipping . Would not recommend unless you believe 11 ozs = a pound of coffee
 Just unpacked the 5hp unisaw and very disappointed . The rear guide the steel trunion rides in/on was not in the groove . Looks like I need to go out and buy a 3/8 '' allen wrench and remove the table and rear trunion suppurt so I can fix it . How could this have made it past the quality controll , guess there is n't one !
 I thought I had made a great discovery with these bright , pretty ceramic covers ... until they arrived and I went to install them . The unusual shape means they will not necessarily cover the hole in the wall . I ordered a lot of them without realizing that and had to return every one because they did not cover the holes in the walls . I was very disappointed . If the manufacturer would make them a little bit bigger it would solve the problem .
 I would not recommend getting these . I used them to secure a wind screen to my balcony . They constantly snap and i have to keep attaching new ones . I came home two nights ago will all but one part of the shield secure . I will not purchase these again . I ran out of ones I got from home depot and thought these would be a fine substitution . Switching back to that brand .
 Tie wraps were a total loss . They appeared to have been stored at an excessive temperature . Almost every one of them broke or cracked right out of the package . Could n't even tighten them without breaking . Even though they are UV protected they could n't take the excess heat . I have purchased GB tie wraps from other sources and they have been excellent .
 Length :
 I ordered a Delta Saw -LRB- 5 hp version -RRB- on March 13 , 2004 . I received 3 boxes out of 4 on March 29 . The freight company told me that they left the other box -LRB- Biesmeyer -RRB- in Kansas . I called the freight company today and they told me they could not locate the package . They told me to get in touch with Amazon . Amazon does n't respond to my e-mails . In the meantime my orders are getting cancelled . What a nightmare!I heard a lot of good things about this saw . I wish I could use it and write a nice review about it .
 thought I 'd save $ 500 and buy a delta instead of powermatic ... my mistake ... Delta is gunk ... good besmeyer fence ... ca n't get saw to run for more than 5 minutes with-out gettin ' hot and shutting down .
 I will outline the bad points first .1
 DO n't buy these if you want tie-wraps that actually work . . Brittle things that snap when you tighten them . Useless waste of cash
 The tool itself is so poorly made that the jaws will barely come together enough to strip any wire ! It is a good thing that I found my old cutters . The entire kit is a duplicate of my old one except the quality is about half . Stay away from this . . it is like buying nothing .
 The listing was for `` GB 46-315UVB Electrical 14-Inch UVB Cable Ties , Black , 100-Pack '' . What was received was a package of black cable ties from a well known importer of Chinese junk , Mono $ $ . This is not a Gardner Bender product . It does not match the features in the product description , most seriously having only a 50lb rating rather than 75lb . If you want Chinese junk cable ties then go straight to the Mono $ $ website and buy them for 75 % less money.When I brough this to the attention of the merchant -LRB- Fullfilled by Amazon -RRB- , he claimed GB stood for `` Generic Brand '' and that Amazon just fulfills the order from a `` big bin '' and that it was acceptable to receive the product I did.If Gardner Bender is smart , they will contact Amazon to have the listing corrected as this clearly is an attempt at selling inferior goods and making them seem like GB.Thankfully Amazon refunded the purchase price .
 Very poor quality Cable Ties , not GB brand as advertised . I bought these about 6-months ago for an Outdoor Antenna Project and just now got around to getting it done , too late to return them.Any amount of force at all and they just break , total junk !
 I tried to use some of these today and they snapped . Every time I put any tension on them , they had a clean break and I have no confidence in using them on anything that i care about .
 I bought these to hold wire mesh cubes together . Almost every single cable tie broke , either right when threaded or as I was pulling it tight . I was not threading it incorrectly nor was I using too much force , but they would snap and shatter like nobody 's business . I needed 12 ties , so I thought the pack of 100 was overkill - but when all was said and done , I wound up with 10 that had n't snapped , and filled in the rest with smaller , non-UVB resistant ties . These are absolute garbage . Do not waste your money or your time on them .
 More than 50 % of a bag of 100 broke while strapping Cat5 cables to a 3 &#34; pole.My failt for being frugal and not going with Ty-Rap brand.Not recommended .
 the ties are too long and stick out on either side either your side or your neighbors side and the fence was horrible . I will not do anymore fence ordering through an online company .
 I purchased this brand of tubing six years ago from a hardware store . It was flexible , easy to work with and provided me with many years of service . The tubing that arrived a few days ago is so stiff and inflexible that it is very difficult to work with and you have to heat the connections to get a seal on junctions and emitters . Unfortunately it does n't always seal completely.It just feels like cheap plastic compared to the old stuff .
 The tubing is plastic , not rubber , so it is stiff and less flexible then the other tubing I have used . It gets the job done , but not as easy to place where you want it .
 Works as a basic meter , but it has no auto shut off , as I am used to with all other meters . Consequently , the battery is always dead when I want to use it . Spend a few more $ $ and get one with auto shut off ...
 Amazon shipped this item using ABF as the freight company . Either the table saw was not secured to the pallet or ABF removed the strapping , because the tip indicator had been activated . In addition , the box was crushed on one side and there was a 6 inch and an 8 inch hole in the box . A quick inspection also revealed the motor cover had been crushed and the styrofoam packing was laying in pieces . The drill press , shipped on the same order , had punched through the box and had indications that the shaft impacted with another item . The jointer also had punched through the box and styrofoam packing material.All items were on pallets however , none of the items were strapped down to the pallet and no shrink wrap was used to secure the items to each other.After a full day of deliveries by this truck , there were no signs of tie down straps , loose or otherwise , anywhere on the truck nor were the other two crates on the truck strapped down . Boxes listed as ` This Side Up ' were laying on their sides . Boxes clearly labled ` Top Heavy ' were not secured to pallets.After seeing this level of shipping abuse , no further inspection was necessary as the entire shipment had to be refused.Interesting enough , Amazon is glad to cancel the order and provide a refund however , I somewhat expected them to offer to resend the items using another carrier ... which they did not .
 Looks fine , easy to install , but it is defective and only turns one way . Itis used on a little used closet door so I did not bother to return it .
 When this item arrived , I opened the package and tested it out by inserting the probes into an electrical outlet . When I removed them , one of the probes came loose from the end of the wire . This product comes with absolutely NO documentation , so unless you are very well trained in the electrical arts , or you intuitively understand all the functions of this unit , its multi-functionality will likely go largely unused ...
 Measures Voltage only . This is no way to check a Battery 's state of charge . Buy something like `` Delkin Devices DD/BATTEST MULTI RoHS AA/AAA Battery Power Tester '' . This Tester Rocks !
 I thought I was buying my dream saw . No way , I have spent almost the price of the saw to bring it up to par.The blade guard and splitter both are garbage . The miter guage is a throw away , it has no place in my shop.I have refined the saw at a high expense and have to say I am very happy but broke .
 This is a well made seat , but first you need to do more research to see if the hinges will actualy bolt on to your toilet . Mine would not fit a Mansfield toilet .
 The 22 gauge slot is so far over to one side that the grippers either have a hard time catching the wire or they catch it at such an angle as to break the wire instead of stripping it . It works fine for other gauges , but fails when it comes to the small stuff .
 I 've had this stripper for less than 2 years . The clamp part that is supposed to hold the wire down no longer works well . It is usually stuck in the open position and you have to fiddle with it for some time . A lot of the metal including the screws are rusted . Never got it wet , must be from humidity alone . I 'm looking for a better wire stripper for smaller gauge wires .
 I bought three of these Gardner Bender KF-200 knives to replace my missing Camilus Electrician 's knives . The blade lock is defective on two of them . The blades have ridges along the sides where they were poorly ground , and the blades are hard to open .
 This knife is junk , a waste of metal . Do not buy it . The blades were not even close to sharp , the blade edge was round . The blade lock does not work This is the poorest level of craftsmanship I have seen in years . Not worth $ 0.50 . This is crap even at Chinese standards .
 I was working on an elderly woman 's computer desk when this tool just flew apart . She was insightful enough to point out that it had no locks to prevent the blades from closing onto your fingers when you 're trying to separate thighs and wings . She ran into the room minutes later and clobbered me with a frozen chicken .
 TOOLS ARE GOOD . HOWEVER , PRODUCT HAS WEAK CASE FOR WEGHT OF TOOLS . DO NOT BUY FROM TOOLPIA . WHEN I TOLD THEM CASE WAS BROKEN AND THAT IT SHOULD BE PACKAGED BETTER THEY SHIP A NEW ONE OUT THE SAME WAY AND IT ALSO CAME IN BROKEN . I HAVE MADE REPEATED ATTEMPTS TO CONTACT THEM BUT THEY REFUSE TO REPLY TO MY EMAILS .
 I 've done maybe four or five light sessions with this iron , maybe 8 to 10 hours total.I 've already changed the bit once , and looks like I 'll need another one soon.I used to work in the trade , I had my iron on all day , and I expected a 25 or 30 watt iron to need its bit changed maybe every few months.I know it is called a Home Project Iron , but that 's exactly what I 'm using it for . I bought Weller expecting better quality than this.Oh yes , I 've just searched Amazon , and the Internet , and the bits -LRB- where available -RRB- plus shipping are nearly as dear as the iron . On major distributor says , for all bit shapes for this iron , `` 1/8 '' Screwdriver Marksman Replacement Tip for SP23 and SP23D Iron - We No Longer Offer This Product - no replacement '' so I guess I 'll be throwing this P.O.S. away.If you want to do a couple of very small jobs , it 'll do , but I expected better .
 Before purchasing these , I attempted to learn if they were Made in USA or not . Neither Amazon nor the company 's site stated . When they came in , the pliers had no mark on them but the packaging showed they were made in China . They are designed well but manufactured only OK . I sprayed lubricant on them and tried to get their action smoother . Only got it marginally better . They work , but for almost $ 10 -LRB- from a discounter -RRB- , I expected something smoother . Did n't get it .
 Tried to use this to repair an underground cable to my light post . The hardware for the connection was fine but I found the shrink tubing difficult to work with . I am very mechanically inclined and found that I could not get it to shrink properly and it kept catching on fire while trying to do so . I would n't use this again .
 The product did not perform as indicated . I almost burned the wire itelf trying to get it to shrink to fit the 14 gauge underground wire I was trying to splice . In the end , I used lots of high-grade caulk at eeach end an dcovered it with lots of heavy duty electrical tape , buried it and hoped for the best . I have used a similar product many years ago that perfomed much better but that was before Internet shopping and I could not recall where I purchased it .
 This unit generally gets good reviews , but mine was defective and therefore , dangerous.It chirps and lights when even close to any hot switches or outlets . Users should be able to use these types of testers to differentiate hot wires from neutral or dead . Mine chirps around all wires dead or alive . It even chirps around objects unattached to any circuits ... like my coffee cup ! It 's true , it chirps madly at my coffee cup!I did n't buy it to see if my coffee is `` hot '' . I can do that with my lips!So , buy it if you want , but do n't be surprised when you have to put your electrical work on hold and cough up postage to return it for a replacement.UPDATE : Interestingly , at the moment `` 1 out of 5 people find this review helpful . '' But if you look at the comments , you 'll find someone who said they are experiencing the same thing . The unit is chirping at a disconnected wire . I do n't care about receiving points against my writing style . But this thing is unreliable and dangerous , given its purpose .
 I purchased the GVD-504A and was very disappointed with it . In fact , I was so disappointed , I purchased a different unit.This one is sitting in the junk pile.Here are the reasons :1 -RRB- There is no positive on/off switch - you have to press on the clip to turn it on . This is the main design flaw with this unit.If you do n't make a good contact it can be off while you 're testing and not chirp . This is a terrible design and is , in my opinion , dangerous ! My new unit has a positive on/off switch . You just twist and it 's on . When you 're done you twist it back and it 's off .2 -RRB- Requires 2 watch type batteries . These are expensive to replace and harder to find . My new unit takes standard AA or AAA batteries -LRB- I ca n't remember which -RRB- that are cheap and easy to come by.Overall I would recommend passing on this unit .
 The product is typical cheap China construction , slap it togeather so it works out of the box , no consideration for durability . With a tool that can save your life , this is NOT up to par.Mine stopped working after about a year of light use.I was able to repair mine , what had happened was the batteries were not connecting to the flimsy internal connection that has very little support . I had to prize the connection out , and place batteries and cap on slowly while testing it against an appliance cord . The beeping let me know that contact was finally being made.There is no On/Off button , so if it gets `` squeezed '' in you tool box it will drain the batteries , since the metal clip on the outside is the `` on '' connection.Like I typed , for a SERIOUS safety item like this , unacceptable construction . And good thing I tested the unit on other `` known live '' cables before I dug into the ceiling light electrical with a false sense of security . When you use it every few months , you tend to forget the self test chirp it is supposed to make.I am going to spend some more money and get a pro model , electricity is not something to take lightly .
 This product is too sensitive to be of any use - it will go off if there is any AC in a 3ft radius . This means if you 're trying to verify whether a wire is live and there is any other AC source nearby , you will be out of luck . I 've used the previous iteration of the Fluke non-contact AC tester -LRB- Fluke 1AC-A1-II Volt-Alert AC Non-Contact Voltage Tester -RRB- , and it was far superior .
 I bought this about 15 years ago to crimp coaxil cable for my TVs and I still use it today . Now , with the internet , I am looking for the right tool . Yes , this does the job , it is inexpensive and basically , you get what you pay for . If you crimp the cap too tight , it cracks . If you do n't crimp tight enough , you get a fuzzy picture . It does n't stip or cut the cable and it does n't give the professional fit you get from the cable companies , which is what I am looking for . My advice is to spend a little more money and get a coax cutter and compression crimper . That 's what I 'm looking for now .
 This bulb is made with more PLASTICS than a regular bulb . Manufacturing these plastics produces DIOXINS that float up into the atmosphere and , through wind currents , land at the polar regions of the earth , dumping toxins on the lands and life there . This bulb is made of MERCURY which can not be disposed of in the regular trash . It must be taken to a company that specifically handles the TOXIC materials . Instead of people disposing of these properly , the toxic bulbs end up in landfills , adding to the mercury toxicity of landfills and exposure of sanitation workers who do n't deserve to be exposed . According to energy star , it is said that this product reduces carbon emissions but , the energy source used in the energy star reports is electricity from COAL PLANTS ; nearly the most toxic energy source available . COAL PLANTS release HUGE amounts of carbon and MERCURY into the atmosphere ! Buy a regular light bulb . Purchase your power from solar and wind . Think holistically . Would you want to live with this light bulb in your back yard for the next 200-1000 years while it attempts to biodegrade ? Protect your home and your temple ; this earth and your body . Live clean brothers and sisters ! Make conscious , holistic consumer choices . Do n't let poorly thought out FADS guider your consumer choices ! It 's time for American consumers to realize the impact of where they lay down the buck ! Live long and prosper !! : -RRB-
 I do car electronics for a living and I had a different set of these i had bought at home depot which i loved , but unfortunatly i losed them !! So i decided to try to buy a new pair and for some reason home depot or lowes no longer sells them . When i found them on here i was happy , I purchased them . They were shipped to me very quikly which is always nice . I used them for about 3 weeks and the worked fine . One day im workin i pick them up and go to strip a wire and i notice 1 of the clamps will not clamp the wire , and gets stuck open so evertime i go to strip a wire i have to click the clamp back into place . I finally figured out that one of the screws had fell out and i have no clue where it went so basiclly there useless till i can track do a screw that will fit them .
 Tried to use it the first time , the handle broke into two pieces . . such a waste of money . . I got what I paid for .
 the slide button is not comfortable , and the slide motion is not smooth . Worse , the blade does not lock in place in any way so you have to apply pressure at all times or the blade will just get pushed back into the handle while you are trying to work
 I ordered this lamp and liked it so much I later ordered a second one . The second one does n't have any of the subtle iridescence in the amber glass shade , which made the first one so lovely , and is part of the product description .
 the lamp came in a tattered card board box with out any structural consideration . Of course the globe was in shatters . Now I must repackage this lamp so that it gets safely back to them -LRB- returning it -RRB- ... . what standard of packing will I use ? The globe was wrapped only in very stiff paper and put in a box within a box -- no styrofoam or bubbles or other modern methods for ensuring customers get what they pay for .
 The bulbs are packaged well and the price would be fair if they actually lasted more than 4 to 10 hrs each . That 's for the first 5 . It wo n't be long till I 'm shopping for better bulbs .
 I returned this lamp . It was poorly made . While it looked OK with a light turned on , the poor workmanship shouted at you when the light was off . I did eventually end up with a Quoizell light , you need to see them before purchasing .
 I am very disappointed that this lamp only works with the Mac OS and that it does not work with my Windows XP machine . Why this lamp has a standard OLD SCHOOL 120v plug-in and not a USB cord is beyond me ...
 I bought this saw from a big box place recently and I hate it . This suprised me as I have other Bosch tools and love them . My problem with the tool is the depth of cut locking mechanism is plastic and a piece of junk . It has come apart twice and started to strip out the plastic locking nut . I 'm taking it back and never buying anything like this again . Do not waste your money .
 I purchased this saw at Lowes and it is by far the worse saw I have ever used . The base is attached to the plastic housing and any pressure on the handle will cause the base to flex causing the cut to be out of square .
 Like the other two reviews , I am very disappointed in this tool.I own many Bosch tools and have never been disappointed in any of them , but this saw is poorly engineered , there is way too much flex between the saw and the base , making square cuts impossible.Bosch blew it on this one .
 This saw is very poorly constructed . The parts that are critical in keeping the saws durability are all made of plastic . Bosch got it wrong with this saw , just not contractor grade . Wish I did n't buy it .
 I did n't even buy this tool I took a look at the advanced plastic base and wondered if my kids toy saw would be just as good come on bosch how about making tools out a metal of some sort please do not waste money on cheap tools invest in quality tool and pass it down to ur kids
 Okay - it 's still hanging , but the color is not quite as it looks online . Has a bit of pink in it . The hanging loop rings are quite heavy with yellow glass in them - very 70 's . The lamp is beautiful , but be aware of these things . Had I seen it in person , I would n't have purchased it . However , after hubby-dearest spent all day putting it up , it remains !
 we where led to believe that they where hand cut stained glass , not the kind that it is led you to believe , but looks good over the sink , it looks like a good plastic imitation to me . Call and ask questions first , we did not .
 Using 2.5-inch DeWalt brand nails that are made specifically for this nail gun , the gun still jams a lot . If I set the depth adjustment on 6 -LRB- deepest -RRB- it does n't work at all , jamming with every attempt to drive a nail . If I set the depth adjustment on 3 , it jams typically after 20 nails or so -- but of course this number is variable . Sometimes it will jam for several nails in a row.When I clear a jammed nail , there is a technique that works best . It is almost always necessary to discard , not only the nail that misfires , but also the nail next to it in the sheet of loaded nails , because that adjacent nail gets damaged by the misfire . After turning the gun off and removing the battery and then removing the sheet of loaded nails , I have learned to use two needle-nose pliers together to clear the jamming nail . With one pliers , I grasp the head of the nail adjacent to the one that jammed . With the other pliers , I grasp the head of the third nail , that is , the first nail that is not damaged . Then , by pulling on the two pliers , I tear the nail sheet so as to remove the two nails from it -LRB- the two nails removed are the jammed nail and the damaged nail next to it -RRB- and discard them . When I do this without using pliers , I find that the nail removal is often sloppy so that nail sheet is stretched and the gun jams upon the next attempt to fire it.The nail gun is durable , compact , not too heavy considering what it is , and the duration of a battery charge is great . I have not had any problem with marring the surface being nailed.DeWalt has excellent customer service , and they offered to exchange my nail gun for a new one . I did not make the exchange because I was able to get it to function , despite a frustrating frequency of jams , and I was pressed to complete a job I was doing . So , maybe my gun is defective -- maybe other users get fewer jams .
 I received my pipes dented and with scratches . The triple wall chimney pipe has a extreme thin galvanized layer and is prone to rust . I hate the way the pipes are connected . It really looks unprofessional . This was a great disappointment . Honestly , for the same price you can get a much sturdier and better looking product .
 I was amazed , when installing it , to find a major flaw in the actual design of the hasp , such that it CAN NOT be installed properly to lay flat against any surface.Like all hasps , this consists of a hidden `` tab '' that you screw to a surface , the hasp itself that folds over the tab thus protecting it , and the loop/hook that you screw on the other side of the door or gate . Well , it just so happens that when you screw the `` tab '' flat against a surface , you can not fold the hasp itself over the tab !!! The sides of the hasp project down , and prevent you from laying it flat against the door or gate 's surface . The best you can do is have the hasp stick out at a 20 degree angle or so into the air.Not sure if I described it properly , but trust me , this is not the hasp to buy . Walk away.I just could n't believe that a product so bad got manufactured with no one at the company actually trying it out -- does n't say much for the maker of this poorly designed item.Anyone rating this higher than the lowest rating possible is either a shill for the company , or else they installed it on a 1-1/2 square block of wood lifting off the front surface , or some other very unusual installation that allowed the sides of the hasp to overlap the `` tab '' . For 99 % of you , this will be an unworkable item , and I would n't suggest anyone try it .
 I read a poor review on this product and I regret not taking the reviewer 's advice as it was right on . The product takes a alot of monking around to set it up and then although it does make a nice straight line you still need tape . Also , if you have a popcorn ceiling it does n't have a smooth edge to work from . Then having to purchase refill to use it on another project ? , well , just not worth it . I agree with the review I did n't listen to ... `` do n't bother . ''
 I tested this tool on a smooth painted surface where 2 walls adjoin , and also against some trim which was not caulked first.I did take the time to read the instructions thoroughly which was good or I would not have noticed some of the features this tool has . Here are the PROs and CONs I came up with : PRO
 This is not a professional or even handyman tool . It is not of professional grade . Even when being extremely careful it dispenses too much paint which causes runs or uneven line . It is designed to be used one time which makes it to expensive for a one time use . This should be priced at $ 5.00 to make it any kind of value . I found that that the rollers did not roll freely which caused the tool to slide and deposit an uneven layer of paint . Because of this I had to repaint much of what I painted with this tool . I do not reccomend this tool at all .
 I was looking for a product that made it quicker and easier to edge around woodwork and ceilings and I figured I could trust This Old House . So I bought the Edge-n-Roll for painting the edges of walls . Based on my experience and looking back at the TOH `` article '' , which named a whole series of Zibra products , I now get it . The `` article '' was obviously a paid `` info-mercial '' for Zibra . I should have figured it out when only Zibra products were mentioned.Anyway , I should have realized that a roller would have problems . It either does n't cover well or it leaves thick ridges of paint at each edge of the roller , or both . I needed to use a brush to smooth out the edges . And it left uneven edges , as if the roller walked side-to-side as it rolled . Also , despite some cleaver features , some surfaces of the device that should have remained clean became clogged with paint , causing messes.Even more importantly , when I received the product , I found out that it was n't recommended for the edge of a ceiling . That was n't mentioned in the info-mercial article and it was n't mentioned in the Amazon description . Plus it does n't work for my baseboards because the guide edge is farther from the paint surface than the top edge of my baseboard . Perhaps some baseboards would be OK , but not mine.Finally , I noticed that the packaging boasted that this product was designed by women , as if to suggest that that made it better -LRB- rather sexist , if you ask me -RRB- . I do n't think this is a product that women should brag about . I 'm sure women can design perfectly good products , but this is n't one of them.My recommendation is to buy a good brush and read up on how the pros paint .
 I 've bought many edging tools over the years and NONE do a good job , including this one . This does NOT edge up against the trim work , it leaves a small line and therefore I had to still trim it by hand with a brush . The BIGGEST waste of $ 15 . If I had red reviews before hand , I would n't have bought it !
 To begin with I was so in love with this product for edges . Did exactly what it said . Loved the tray and the swivel head . Then it begin leaving black marks on the wall . I have contacted the manufacturers website and left feedback . Because of this problem it is next to useless unless I put pressure only on the side without the metal . I am going to try and put tape over the metal to see if I can still get some use from the product . Five stars without this problems .
 I had high hopes for this product , since I hate taping off trim , but I highly recommend you do n't waste your time with it . I got so frustrated with this product that I gave up halfway through my project and went to the store to get tape and a real trim roller . The main problem is that it is impossible to get just the right amount of paint loaded . It seemed like I was either getting too little and doing the same area over and over , or too much and then it drips everywhere . Also , the coverage is very uneven , so if there is a small space which just requires a little roller , you can not use this one because it overpaints the edges and underpaints the center . This is absolutely the worst painting tool I have ever purchased , so bad that I contacted the company and am leaving this review for others .
 The spring loaded tray was the coolest thing about this . The edger itself was useless . The little rollers are so close together that it 's hard to stabilize the product and even move it along in a straight line , let alone get a straight painted edge.The biggest kick in the nuts with this was that the rollers were designed for one time use and are fairly expensive to buy replacements -LRB- around $ 10 -RRB- . Need to change colors
 I have never written a review before , but I feel I need to alert people so they do n't waste money or ruin their ceilings and woodwork . I bought this because it was marked down . It looked pretty nifty . I would be even more disappointed if I had paid full price . I ended up having to go out and buy tape anyway because this is a horrible product . A metal edge scrapes paint off your woodwork and the ceiling line is horrible . Do yourself a favor and do n't make the same mistake I did . Buy the Shur-Line Premium Paint Edger for a great and cheap ceiling edger and tape your woodwork . This product is also messy and has way too many parts that need to be replaced with subsequent paint projects .
 In the time it took to figure out how this thing worked I could paint the trim free hand . Messy , complicated , frustrating . the paint tray is hard to hold too . I used the Handy paint Can and a brush and was done in no time . Do n't bother with this thing
 A expensive glorifyed master lock . the lock has a jacket screwed on to a regular 12 dollar unit . the shackle is the same diameter as a regular lock where it really counts one or two blows with a hammer and it will open A terrible design and a ripoff -LRB- note it doesnt rate even one star -RRB-
 I thought it was poor stitching at first , turned out it was the pig skin leather ripped on both hands . Now they can only be used as fueling gloves . Second pair was better .
 I had a 200 square foot kitchen floor to tile and thought heck I 'll buy a saw rather than rent one so I searched and searched and thought this one would be good . The saw arrived and it was just a joke ! The tool was built like a cheap toy . The blade guard and it 's mounting bracket did n't come close to fitting or lining up with the blade , in fact the bracket rubbed on the blade no matter how it was adjusted . The blade guard is very important because it 's what keeps the water from creating a `` rooster tail '' and keeps the water focused on the tile and around the blade . The motor had such a vibration to it that I was afraid to run it . I contacted the seller and sent this thing back ASAP . I then bought the little 4 '' PlasPlug wet saw in it 's place and it performed like a charm and I used it to make 145 cuts on my tile for the floor . Do yourself a favor and do n't order this saw !
 This saw is the worst of old school cheap design.Too thin sheet metal with small screws threaded directly into the sheet metal . The motor is mounted to a wall of the sheet metal enclosure and the weight is too much for the wall to support . The motor was so far out of alignment that the blade would not turn until I disassembled the saw and straightened the wall . I have to assume that this was damage from being dropped during shipment even though both the inner and outer cartons were in perfect condition.I suppose it is good enough for the few tile jobs that I will use it for , but I should n't have to repair a tool before I can use it.I have heard it said that the best you should hope for is that you get what you paid for . I did , it was both cheap and inexpensive .
 Right angle adapter is not working , its hard stuck and wont budge when used and caused the drill to overheat , the wire brush included frayed right away and flung allover the place scattering the wire bristles , easily overheats when used for 25minutes onwards , i think this is meant only for quick jobs only , you really get what you paid for . specially for a tool made in China where quality is sacrificed for profit .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I used to have a very similar tool , that I relied on for many years , and eventually lost , and sought to replace . This excuse for a good tool not only dulled instantly , but actually fell apart when the center rivet failed . This tool is actually in pieces on my bench , after very little use . Do not buy .
 The saw can not maintain an angle - even 90 deg . Every cut angles off . The company did respond to my call but the tool remains unreliable for my use .
 This is a great jigsaw except for one little , minor detail , its impossible to change the blade ! Other than that , its the cats ass ! Buy American , that 's what I plan on doing . Hell , buy Chinese , it does not matter really . Anything but this ill designed thing . Bosch should be ashamed of themselves for this piece of crap .
 I had problem with my first unit , just got a replacement , and found it had the same problem . I got the newBosch T308B 4-1/2 - Inch EC HCS T-Shank JSB , 5-Packfrom Bosch as well , since I was impressed by the blog report by Popular Woodworking.The two units I received both had the same problem . When you try to cut straight a long a fence , it just can not cut straight . The blade starts wondering to the left . This seems to be same as the symptom from the other reviewer who was giving one star . I did not really understand his theory behind why it can not cut straight , though . When I carefully look at the blade attached to the saw , I can see by line of sight , the blade is slightly facing left -LRB- as looking from the top of the saw -RRB- rotated along the plunger axis . My theory is , with this slight rotation , even if the saw is pushed straight along the fence , the blade will advance to its own direction . Since the blade is held far above the cutting surface , it can advance to the left , causing the blade to tilt . The cut will wonder to the left , and the cut edge will not be perpendicular to the cutting surface.So I see it as a factory manufacturing issue since there is no way on the user end to adjust this . I am thinking if I should get a different model for replacement from Amazon , or simply grab a Ryobi or something at the Home Depot .
 As already mentioned , the precision control feature causes the saw to wander . Also , although the shoe has a center dentant at 90 degrees , it 's so sloppy that it is useless . Setting this thing to 90 degrees is a trial and error process requiring a square . My old $ 39.00 black & decker cuts better than this thing .
 This saw has all the options and when it works it is better then everything on the market . One major problem . The keyless blade change mechanism is made of plastic and metal mixed . I had my saw for two weeks . The blade got stuck and I immediately released the trigger . I was not worried Bosch has things in place to avoid damage . I then saw the balde fall out and found the plastic and metal keyless blade mechanism was broken . I did some research and found this is a common problem . Until Bosch changes to a better keyless blade mechanism I would NOT buy this saw . Sooner or later yours will fail also do n't risk it .
 Now that I got your attention , here is why : I bought the saw in July and only recently started putting it to moderate use . So far I have noticed two kinds of problems
 If you need square cuts then do n't buy this tool . I bought it and started using it thinking it was a fine tool . That was until I noticed that the cuts were all skewed to the left . Almost 1/8 '' in 1-1/2 '' thick material . I looked for an adjustment to compensate and there is none so I returned the tool to Bosch who gave me another . We all thought the base plate was defective on that one , however the replacement had the same issue . After a lot of time with it , I noticed that when the guides are locked on the blade , they pull it left towards the locking button.At the Bosch service center they tried another and it had the same issue . Of course they tried every excuse from `` what 's the big deal '' to `` it 's the -LRB- bosch brand -RRB- blades '' to shaking they 're head at me , but when I asked why pay for a Bosch when I can get out-of-square cuts from a $ 39.00 jig saw , they shut up.If you need to do good work , this aint the saw . Everything else was really great , but I ultimately bought it for good cuts . Maybe someday their engineering will realize that the locking mechanism is flawed . Maybe not.My real rating is a zero .
 We got this for our three year old and she is n't strong/coordinated enough to push the silver on switch , we have to do it for her . This has not been a problem with other flashlights , just this one .
 This thing is a piece of crap ! It fell apart after 1 week and I got so frustrated trying to put it back together that I threw it in the trash . Do n't waste your money !
 Bought one string of these , and they never worked . Maybe just a bad set ? Hard to say , but I wo n't be buying anymore .
 Amazon.com 's Review states `` This package contains three sets of GKI/Bethlehem indoor/outdoor miniature lights . '' There is only one 50-light set per item ordered . I would return if I did n't need the lights this season .
 Model SKCSC -LRB- candelabra base -RRB- - Used in a small kitchen lamp as a night light . Burned base up , for about 8 hours a night . Used a mechanical -LRB- not a digital or electronic -RRB- timer . Light was fine , and not harsh . But , the bulb lasted less than a year before it started to flicker and fail . Not a good value for the price . BTW , DOES contain Mercury , says so right on the box .
 This stapler requires daily oiling , which is not stated in the Amazon description nor on the DeWalt website . The better tools in this class are oil-free . This tool comes with NO air fitting . You need to go buy an air nipple before you can use it . Again , the better tools in the class come with a swiveling air fitting.The better tools also have a belt hook , which the DeWalt does n't . Yes , this tool is inexpensive . And for good reason . Do yourself a favor and buy a better tool.DeWalt also did not answer my email and does not have a phone number listed for customer support/information .
 This product worked well for the first few cuts but then the saw began cutting into the sides of the guide slots as it is made from relatively soft plastic . Now it is impossible to make a straight cuts as the guide slots have been widened and angled by the saw biting into them . I have much experience with hobby crafting so this is not a result of misuse . I have since ordered a aluminum miter box . The one positive aspect of this product is the added angle -LRB- 30 degrees ? -RRB- in addition to the standard 90 and 45 degree guides but this is not enough to redeem this product . If you plan on using it for more than a few cuts invest in a metal miter box .
 It 's plastic and the saw cuts through the plastic . Buy one that 's aluminum ! I wasted my time and money . Do n't buy this product .
 Have been waiting for over a month . Never got the item , and never got the credit back this vendor stinks .
 As the previous reviewer pointed out , these will not hold well if used as a tee for three 1/4 '' vinyl tubes . The middle -LRB- pointed -RRB- end will pop off and you 'll end up with water everywhere but where you wanted it .
 Amazon sent out an e-mail -LRB- 2/7/2010 3:56 AM -RRB- advertising this item for $ 24.83 . I clicked on the link and found the Internet listing to be $ 47.99 at 9:35 AM . This is pure bait and switch behavior . Avoid this kind of deceptive web site .
 Bought this for my bathroom remodel and loved the way it looked . From the beginning , the arm would loosen immediately . The installer and my husband redid it 4 or 5 times , and it still loosens . I agree with the reviewer that , unless you can install on a stud , it will mean perpetual tightening . I am replacing it with a dual post .
 The product looks great and is easy to install . But , after a week of use I am not sure it is going to make it more than a few months.The horizontal bar has already loosened from the post and the toilet paper has taken on a bit of a lean . It no longer sits perfectly level.I will take it down and see if there a screw that can be tightened between these two parts , but really , why do I have to do that?Oh right ... I paid $ 16 for a toilet paper holder.Obviously , this could be solved if the arm and the post were cast as one piece . Obviously , such a product would n't cost $ 16 . If you are one of those people that does n't notice little things like the toilet paper looking slightly crooked , then 5 stars - it looks great and is cheap.If you are like me and do notice such things ... steer clear and save yourself the daily frustration of thinking about how you ca n't get something that performs as expected for under $ 100 .
 I like the modern look and it goes with the rest of the set I purchased , but the hardware to keep it into the wall is n't very strong .
 I am a retired residential remodeling contractor with more than 20 years of experience remodeling and repairing bathrooms and kitchens . It is actually possible that this fixture could by installed by a very knowledgable contractor under certain conditions -LRB- see the 3 star review above -RRB- . Irrespective of how they are fastened to the wall , TP holders of this design have two critical design shortcomings.First , there is only a single mounting post . This means that any strain placed on the cross bar of this type of fixture , whether or not it is holding a roll of tissue , will have a levering effect in the form of increased torque on the mounting bracket . Over time , this repetitive torquing will loosen the attachment to the wall , not to mention damaging the wall.Second , the cross bar is off center which only increases the levering effect should someone grab the fixture to regain balance when sitting down before toilet use or when getting up after use . In all my years as a remodeler , I rarely saw one of these fixtures with a level cross bar.This fixture design may be considered stylish by architects and interior designers . Manufacturers may produce them with expensive finishes and charge the consumer a hefty price . The majority however , are cheaply produced knockoffs and sold by the likes of Home Depot and Lowes . The point is that the laws of physics are not suspended . This type of fixture is typically located when it can be easily bumped , grabbed hold of , twisted , or pulled on . It is located in place in the house which is visited by female occupants up to five times a day , and males at least once a day . No longer are most bathroom walls composed of thick plaster over metal lath with or without a ceramic tile overlay . Today 's home typically has 1/2 '' gypsum drywall surrounding the toilet . An extremely conscientious contractor will provide wooden blocking behind such wall surfaces wherever the homeowner plans to attach surface mounted fixtures such as tissue holders , towel bars , safety grab bars , etc.Considering the realities of bathroom construction , would n't manufacturers be wise to ask of each item in their product line `` how well will this product work over the long term for the homeowner who buys it ? ''
 BEAUTIFUL APPEARANCE BUT POOR DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION REGARDING THE MOUNTING SYSTEMTHIS COMPANY COULD HAVE JUST AS EASILY -LRB- AND LESS EXPENSIVELY -RRB- MADE A FIXED SCREW OR ALLEN SCREW ON THEBOTTOM MATEING UP TO A SQUARE PLATE BEHIND THE COVER PLATEUPON TIGHTENING THE EXISTING SET SCREWS , THE TORQUE APPLIED LITERALLY DAMAGED THE MOUNTING PLATE TWICETO THE POINT THAT IT COULD NO LONGER BE USED , THEY SENT ME A COUPLE OF MORE , BUT AGAIN IT BECAME AN ISSUEOF THE LOW QUALITY OF THE METAL THAT WAS USED IN THE MOUNTING PLATE ! IT WAS TOO WEAK FOR THE SET-SCREW !!!
 Our contractor installed this with wall anchors -LRB- not sure if he used the included ones -RRB- and it tilted enough to be ineffective after about 2 months . We jiggled it a bit to see if we could adjust the wall plate , and the whole thing fell out onto the floor in a pile of drywall dust.Otherwise , the finish and heft are very attractive , and it looked nice with the towel bar and robe hook .
 I 've bought four of these during the last few years . Each has lasted about a year before a bulb burns out . If they were on 24/7 , and they 're not , that would be at most 8760 hours , considerably less than the claimed 40000 hours lifetime . They 've been mounted under a laptop stand to illuminate a keyboard . That 's a very well-ventilated and protected location and it 's powered from a surge-protected power strip . I 'm now searching for LED strip lights or other alternatives such as an illuminated Mac keyboard .
 It looks great , but it 's not really a tool because it does nothing . To make a long story short , I 've spent a good 6 hours with my brand-new Zircon and have n't found a single stud . We 're talking standard sheet rock in a 1960 's apartment building . The worst part is the live wire ac detector is so bad you can only laugh . I have one entire 12 ' X 8 ' wall this unit says has hot wires behind every square inch . Since the wall does n't lead to a switch or outlet , and as an electrician I know for a fact these walls do n't contain a tightly woven mesh of had conductors , it 's got one or two conductors tops . I then took the unit and placed it on and around various ac outlets , switches , even directly on top of a fluorescent and got no `` hot wire '' warning . This unit definitely can kill you which is probably why it has no UL rating . This is my third electronic stud finder . They 're all worthless . Drill test holes , or open the wall up . Find two studs in a row and you 'll know where all the studs on a particular wall are . Zircon
 One word
 I should have checked reviews before I 've bought this stud finder ... it does absolutely nothing .
 Well , I read the bad reviews before purchasing . I thought with my construction background that the reviewers here were neophytes , and that was the reason for the bad reviews . Not so!I had used Zircons for quite a few years , and I always thought they did a marginal to reasonable job . But this model is an absolute crapshoot . I used it the other night for the first time and absolutely could not find a stud . I used it in accordance with instructions , but that was absolutely futile . The sensor showed the edges of studs that simply did not exist . It would light up as though a stud were there , but even knocking on the wall with a hammer would show that there could n't possibly be anything behind the sheetrock.I drilled about 4 holes and never did find a stud for the nail in the molding I was placing on the wall . I basically gave up and put the sensor away . Too bad . It 's of absolutely no use . But it lacks the qualities aesthetically to make it into a lamp or cigarette dish . Guess I 'll go back to my handy Stanley magnetic detector and look for screws/nails in the sheetrock .
 I have owned this for couple of years and I can hardly find the studs reliably . I usually ended up using a small nail or tapping the drywall to confirm the stud location .
 I 've owned this so-called stud finder for several years and have had better luck using an old magnetic stud finder . Occasionally , this may locate a stud but the only way to prove it is to pound a nail into the drywall . Sometimes it hits wood , most of the time it does n't . Does n't matter whether you use the `` deep scanning '' option or the stud option . You get what you pay for .
 You would have about as much luck using a ouija board to find studs . This stud finder is a piece of garbage.I have had this stud finder do nothing when it is over a stud , and had it beep when it is over nothing . I 've had it `` detect '' a stud , then when I run it back over that same area , it does n't find anything . I 've tried both `` Deepscan '' and `` Stud Scan '' modes , and both seem to do nothing . The `` A/C Warning '' light will blink at random times , even when moving across a wall with absolutely no electrical wires anywhere.Save your money and sanity
 I have a bottom-of-the-line Zircon stud sensor that works , but this model ca n't even find the studs that I have located via other means -LRB- magnetic -RRB- . How did this product ever get released ?
 I 've had this for several years and it was to replace an older unit . Very unreliable finding studs both with false positives and not detecting the stud . One time I tested it against a wall without wiring , pipe , etc. and one side free of sheet rock -LRB- garage -RRB- where I could see the studs . It would not properly detect location of the studs and would show a stud when one was n't there . The results were n't repeatable either . My older unit ran circles around this thing .
 I started with the cheapest Zircon Studfinder , -LRB- the 20 dollar one -RRB- . That one worked for a few months and quit working . So i bought the next one up . The pro one for about 30 dollars . This one worked for a few months and quit . Thinking it was me , i bought the most expensive one , the i 520 . That one worked for about six months and quit . I am a contractor and know what I 'm doing with this thing . They are pieces of junk . do n't waste your money on one of these things .
 Who tests Zircon products ? This piece of gosa has given me all of the problems I read of in the reviews , indicating studs where there are none and no studs where there are studs . Hope someone lost their job over this product 's development ...
 Please search ` Schlage Securekey ' from Google first before you buy this.The key does not work after few months . Product has been discontinued ... Do n't buy this unless you want to waite your money.I ca n't believe Amazon is still selling this ...
 I bought this to replace a Panasonic light.This replacement bulb works great BUT ... . It takes a lot longer to start up.When you turn the light on it flickers and flickers then starts and works great.I did not have this problem with the Panasonic.I only gave this a 2 star because of the annoying flickering
 I purchased the Delta 22-560 as my first portable planer in February of 2001 . Prior to the end of the first year of use -LRB- casual wood worker -RRB- I had to take it in and have the cutter head assembly replaced . When I received it back from the Porter Cable/Delta repair shop , it sounded twice as loud as it did before I took it in . Today , as I was planing 2 '' red oak , I began to smell rubber burning and the unit quit cutting . -LRB- At least it did not spray the parts through-out the shop as one other user described . -RRB- Disassembling it , I determined that the cutter head assembly nut had come loose and could not be tightened without the pulley on the cutter head `` throwing '' the belt off because of a wobble in the pulley . I will not buy another Delta planer -LRB- even though I have been a Porter Cable/Delta purchaser for years -RRB- and am considering either a Makita or the Grizzly 15 inch .
 I purchased the delta 22-560 portable planer in 2001 . It has served me well for most of the time until about 2005 when wood chips were forced under on knife bending it and the locking bar . I was unable to remove the locking bar screws without striping the hex head of several screws . This completely ruined the locking bar because it was bent and must be perfectly flat in order to work at all . I ordered new screws and locking bar . I tried to use standard button head cap screws as a replacement , but the heads are too tall . You have to purchase the screws from delta . The were about $ 2.00 each plus shipping . I remember thinking it was pretty expensive . I think the locking bar was about $ 40 . Today , Dec. 2009 it happened again . I would not recommend this planer to a friend.I am now looking at reviews to before I purchase my next planer . I am not a professional wood worker , but I expect tools to work without destroying themselves .
 I 've had this router for about 2 years -LRB- out of waranty -RRB- As far as using the router , it 's great . This router has never been mounted in a router table , so the bit size has always been under 2 inches . the router recently has started sparking where the brushes are located -LRB- replaced brushes , did n't help -RRB- . When I took to the dewalt service center they said repairs would n't be over a $ 100 -LRB- a new one with 1 year waranty is only $ 200 . I feel this router should have lasted longer especially since it has had very limited use .
 I have owned this product for about 2 years , and the total use has been around 4 hours . It has recently failed , so I checked into what it would cost to repair , and found the cost to be around half of the original purchase price . Hardly a bargin . One would think that Dewalt could build a router that would last for more than four hours . Needless to say I will be looking at other manufactures for my next router purchase . I have generally been impressed by the quality of other Dewalt products , but this one appears to be a dud in terms of life expectancy . I own a Dewalt DW708 compound sliding miter saw that has around a hundred hours on it and it has perfromed flawlessly . At least they got that one right .
 I purchased my DW621 router several years ago after reading great publication reviews . I was particularly interested in the calibrated fine depth adjustment . Well the depth readings on my router are not even close - off 1/16 inch at 1/4 inch setting.I called Dewalt but could not find anyone who was willing to try and understand my peoblem . Strike 1 . Well , I decided to use the router in my new Leigh Dovetail Jig which required a collet guide . When my results were poor , I finally checked bit centering . It was way off with no adjustment possible making it useless with the LEIGH jig . Strike 2 ! I recently purchased the LEIGH FMT mortise and tennon jig where the router mounts directly to the jig baseplate with a supplied centering tool . So far so good . On my first use , I noticed that bit the jumped about 1/20 of an inch when side pressure was applied . The movement was in the small plunge guide post . This movement occurred several times making my tennon results erratic . Strike 3 and out !! Can somene who has written these great reviews tell me what this router is good for outside of bearing guided operations ?
 I 've had similar experience with this router as other reviewers . I like the plunge mechanism and switch , but after short hours the switch lock stopped working and the electronic speed control failed . The speed erratically gets faster and slower . Brought it to a DeWalt repair facility in Denver . They fixed it without giving me an estimate . $ 160 to repair a $ 200 router , I do n't think so . If it lasted longer I 'd buy another one , but I think I 'll buy a 2hp Bosch .
 bought the router early as a christmas gift , when the gift was opened it didnt work . the spindle lock was jammed . since the amazon 30 return period was past i have to send the unit to a dewalt repair facility -LRB- my local dewalt repair shop has closed . cant be for lack of warrenty repair business !!! -RRB- cost of the router + shipping to the repair depot equals slightly more than i could have purchased the unit local.my experience with dewalt products is that faulty/unusable product is not a rare event .
 I bought a DW621 from Amazon less than 2 years ago . The motor/shaft bearings have been replaced 3 times - twice by the local repair shop and the last time by shipping it to DeWalt . The bearings just failed again . The tool has -LRB- maybe -RRB- 90 minutes ' run time total . It has some good points , such as the plunge operation and handles -LRB- even the switch after becoming accustomed to it -RRB- . But repeated bearing failure in home workshop use tells me there is some basic flaw either in the design or in this particular tool . I have other DeWalt tools and this is the only one that has been a problem . My guess is if you get one of the good ones , it will work well and last a long time . If you get a lemon , do n't waste any time repairing it .
 I used two different units . They displayed the same characteristics . This router has a few issues :1 . The plunge mechanism is jerky . Requires too much pressure to plunge , I find it difficult to make a controlled plunge with this router . I prefer my Makita even though it is a heavier router for hand held use .2 . The base is cut straight on two sides . This makes the base narrower in the direction that you are pushing when using the edge guide . This makes it easier to tip . You have to pay special attention not to tip it . This is especially an issue when using a longer spiral bit , because the handles are too high . the router is a bit top heavy . Combined with the narrow base , this is not good .3 . If you do n't hook up a vacuum the wood chips stay right around the bit in a wind tunnel created for the vacuum mechanism . You can not even blow the chips with your mouth , as you would with a jig saw for instance , because the wind tunnel effect created is stronger than you can blow away ... You have to stop and take the router off the workpiece and clear the chips . This becomes an issue when you are trying to rout up to or near a line .4 . The debt stop mechanism is prone to slipping . The unnecessary force used due to the jerky plunge mechanism makes this issue worse . After repeated cuts you may find your last cut to be deeper than your first cut . This is pretty annoying . You have to check measurements after each cut just to make sure.On the positive side , I guess it is a lighter router . I would not recommend it .
 My name is Douglas Hampton and I bought the merchandise . This item was on back-order for a month and when I got it both of the caster lock knobs were broken
 I loved this sander to death . Until it died . Apparently the lower bearing is n't so well sealed and dust will wick the lubrication out of it causing burnout and failure . Its a common enough problem that its in their FAQ . Their solution is to blow it out periodically , but I already did this as a matter of course -LRB- and it assumes you happen to have a compressor just to do maintainence -RRB- and mine still died a highly premature death . Also , not very well documented is the fact that using it on drywall voids the warranty . I did , albeit very minimally so aparently I 'm on my own for the reapir , which runs at least half the cost of the tool , unless you can find someone to sell you the bearing without doing the repair . Thus far I 've had no luck.I have to say , I 'm disappointed . I consider this to be a design flaw and now I 'm in a position of having to by another PC with the same risk of failure or toss the dust collection kit ... that wo n't fit on other brands .
 I purchased this in january of 2003 . It worked well for 4 months of light home use . In April I returned it to the store where purchased , because the sander was `` surging '' in speed . It 's now October , and the new replacement sander is doing the very same thing . This would definitely lead me to believe that there is a manufacturing problem with this model . When it works it works well , but who wants to continue using it , knowing that any minute it will stop working . I 've used a lot of Porter Cable Tools , but this thing is junk . Furthermore , I 've noticed a lot of these for sale as `` Factory `` reconditioned '' . Stay away . If they could n't get it right the first time , why would you believe they can `` recondition '' it . I just purchased a Dewalt instead , and trashed this trash .
 333 Orbital sander lower bearing is mounted in plastic , I have replaced lower houseing and all new bearings.The lower bearing bore melts and the sander is juke again.BUY BOSCH .
 I bought this for my Dremel to cut circles for carved wooden hand mirrors . I need precise circles of the proper diameter and they have to be round . there 's a lot of slop in the connection to the Dremel , and as you follow around the circle , the Dremel can move laterally in the fixture . The result is an uneven circle . It could be good enough for drywall work , but not for routing good cricles in wood .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000L9THC2 COWIN GLOBAL Wire Security Truck -RSB- This cart was shipped and when received it had broken welds and the front latch had sharp edges . The shelf was bent and the welds were broken on the edge of the frame when I installed it . Rust was showing on the bottom . Will not buy another as this came from China and had rough edges on the frame . Will buy USA made next time .
 I have this light . It 's stunning . However -- one of the welds failed while it was being -LRB- professionally -RRB- installed ... It 's still hanging , but only just ... It 's one of 11 lights both large and small purchased for a big remodel . 6 of the lights have lost their finish . It peeled right off . Quiozel -LRB- I discovered the hard way -RRB- DOES NOT WARRANTY the finish . The lights are only 8 months old and they look like they 've been through a battle . A complete waste of money . Terrible company . Rude customer service .
 The lamp shows good in the picture but when look at close distance , the tiffany glass pieces are not made in good quality at all ; they are full with small bumps , not a smooth surface I had expected . The glass does not have the transparent feeling at all . If I were asked to guess what kind materials it is , I would defiantly say -LRB- final answer -RRB- it 's plastic . May be the quality was good years ago ? Anyway , I would not buy it had I known this . The base is pretty sturdy though .
 It looks great in the picture ! It is 100 % plastic ! I have never felt so ripped off . The lamp also came coated with a thick layer of oil that took an hour to clean , and it still smelled .
 THIS IS ALL WE CAN EXPECT THIS DAYS FROM PRODUCTS SENT OFF TO CHINA FOR THE GREEDY SAKE OF PROFIT . I HAVE OWNED TWO QUIOZEL CHANDELIERS IN THE PAST , MADE IN USA , AND THE WERE OF HIGH QUALITY AND ACTUALLY LEAD SOLDER AT EVERY SEAM . THESE LAMP SHADES ARE PARTIALLY LEAD SOLDERED AND THEN GLUED TOGETHER AT THE MAJOR SEAMS RESULTING IN IN THE GLUED SEAMS SEPARATING IN SHIPMENT DUE TO THE HIGH TEMPERATURES IN THE DELIVERY VEHICLES . BOTH WERE THIS WAY . DID I SEND THEM BACK ? NO . I JUST SUPER GLUED THE SEAMS . IT WAS A LOT EASIER THAN REPACKING AND RETURNING . !!! WAKE UP AMERICA JUST DO N'T BUY PRODUCTS FROM AMERICAN COMPANIES THAT HAVE SOLD US OUT TO CHINA FOR THE SAKE OF THEIR BOTTOM LINE !!!! IF IT SAYS `` MADE IN CHINA '' IT IS LIKELY PURE JUNK.Quoizel Indus Tiffany 2 Lt Table Lamp
 We received the lamp a few days ago and were not impressed with the quality of the glasswork . It look cheap and haphazardly done . We expected a lot more considering the near $ 200 price tag .
 I bought this lamp in Dec. '09 as a xmas gift . The tiffany glass shade fell off as it stood on the desk untouched . The company , Lighting Universe , replaced the lamp . Within one week the same thing happened . Now the company did n't want to talk to me . The only thing I could do is return the lamp , at a cost of a 50.00 dollar restocking fee and 15.00 dollar shipping fee . This is the worst , by far , on line transaction I 've encountered . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY TF7110Z
 the broan XB80 is much easier to install with the mounting bracket with screws already attached and the fan housing just snaps in , the duct fitting and wiring compartment is a breeze to install also .
 this is supposed to be a green fan , but the sensor does n't work no matter what settings I put it on , so in the end I am using way more electricity that I would have with a regular exhaust fan . customer service was not helpful at all !
 I 've been using this blade in a new Bosch CS5 to cut `` across '' 23/32 inch cabinet grade plywood . The cuts are 15 1/2 inches long . The blade causes considerable burning . Often it is not possible to complete the cut . About 10 to 12 inches into the cut the blade binds , the saw kicksback and even the powerful Bosch motor ca n't turn the blade . I 've had to stop the cut and wedge a screwdriver blade in the cut behind the saw as a makeshift kerf spreader . I think the problem is that the blade has almost no set and so is very susceptible to binding . Using masking tape on the top of the cut line , and wedging with a screwdriver , I have been able to get some very fine cuts , but it 's a lot of work and I 've not had these problems with other brand 's 150 tooth blades .
 I am a ref , and , I bought this to try and keep track of back row hitting . For a ref , it 's too small , and , the dry erase markers you need to use on ittake up too much space , and the spaces are too small.I like the idea , but should have bought the larger version . With high school substitution rules you need to be able to write more then one numberin each part of the pie . Also , finding really fine dry erase markers that worked on it was not easy or cheap.Good idea . Get the bigger version .
 Purchased a DeWalt DW432 belt sander as a `` factory '' reconditioned model.The sander was received damaged . Packaged very poorly at ship point . Finally after buying additional parts to repair used the sander a few times then the motor burned up . Total waste of time and money .
 I received the above belt sander and was pleased upon its arrival , however , upon use am very unhappy . The belt does not track properly and comes off the sander , even when using the tracking adjustment to the point it falls out ! I contacted DeWalt and they advised taking it in for service as the tension spring is apparently malaligned , what is the point when it shoud have worked to begin with ? I will have to take the unit for Warranty Repair , but since I needed it to paint the house , it seems to defeat the purpose .
 The belt sander was supposed to be reconditioned by Dewalt . Tried to adjust belt tracking could not . Took it to the DEWALT REPAIR CENTER and the mechanism was bent . This should have been checked and fixed at the Dewalt reconditioning center . Beware of reconditioned tools.Factory-Reconditioned DEWALT DW433KR Heavy-Duty 8 Amp 3-Inch-by-21-Inch Variable Speed Belt Sander Kit with Dust Canister and Case
 This sander has some fatal flaws -1 . There are a few pieces of this sander that stick down below the sand paper -LRB- part of the plastic housing , and the rubber tab on the dust bag -RRB- . Both are a problem and need to be altered in order to use the sander on a flat surface or they will catch , skew the sander , and leave a nasty scour in the wood . The part of the housing that sticks down is a raised border for the serial # . WTH ? 2 . The sandpaper spool tracking adjustment is very small and does n't hold . The sandpaper frequently just shoots off the sander . This may have something to do with # 1 . I have used 3 different brands of sanpaper w / the same results .3 . The speed adjustment is on the handle , so it has to be taped in place or it changes as you grip and move the sander . After 4 or 5 half days of use my tape slipped and my hand turned the sander up to 3 -LRB- out of 6 -RRB- . A few minutes later , it caught fire and now it is in the Dewalt hospital awaiting a diagnosis .
 EVEN AFTER TRYING TO USE THIS TOOL , I AM LEFT WONDERING WHAT IT DOES AND WHY I WOULD NEED IT ?
 I spent a lot of time and effort reserching dovetail jigs before I made my purchase 2 yrs ago . I decided on the Leigh D4R 24 '' dovetail jig , the best woodworking decision I have ever made . Unlike Porter Cable , the Leigh jig is made from a `` extruded hunk of aluminum '' and CNC 'd to within 1/10 ,000 of an inch . The other nice thing about the jig is its ease of use compared to a lot of other jigs . Leigh just dropped their price on the DR4 to 399.00 , and its worth every penny , go to their website before you drop 300.00 on a Porter Cable jig !
 The product shipped is a yellow hand sander . It is not as pictured or described as a vacuum sander . If I was trying to buy a hand sander without a vacuum port , I would be disappointed with the quality of this one . Cheaply made and the handle is uncomfortable .
 I 've had this set for about 6 months . The drill is bur n't up . The lock button is in an awkward spot so you tend to lock it on when using it . The chuck is not very good , the batteries are hard to change and it is too large to fit in many spaces . The sawzall works very well but eats batteries . The circular saw is a waste of money . The blade is on the left side and it eats batteries like crazy . It is not very powerful either . The light is the best piece of the entire set . All in all I 'm pretty disappointed with Milwaukee on this one . I buy Milwaukee tools exclusively because they usually last . I think the higher voltage sets are not as good as say the 12 or 14 volt sets . The batteries really are ackwardly designed . If you do any drywall they are very hard to get off because the mechanism fills with dust .
 I have owned this set for a little over a year . The sawzall quit working , the light stopped working , the skillsaw is junk , eats batteries like crazy and the drill burned up . I 'm an electrical contractor that used to buy only Milwaukee tools ... they went overseas like everyone else and it shows ...
 I have had this kit now for 14 months . Two batteries have died in the last 1.5 months . I have only recharged them about 25 times , not a heavy user . The other two batteries I have left would not drill several holes after being recharged , this is in a cold garage . I have read about many others with battery problems on the forum at Milwaukee tools . These tools work great if you can keep a good battery ...
 First off , the tools themselves are quite good , although there is definitely room for improvement.Hammer Drill : + Great torque , good balance , solid chuck . - No place to store screw driver bitsOverall a very good hammer drillCircular saw : + Good balance , like the opposite orientation from older circular saws -LRB- i.e. this one works for right-handed folks -RRB- . - The safety switch is sometimes awkward to engage.Sawsall Hatchet : + Works well at cutting through stuff , adjustable handle is nice when it works . - Adjustable handle stops broke shortly after I started using it -LRB- they 're plastic molded-in features on the case and are n't very sturdy -RRB- . Batteries : + They make good paper-weights - These are by far the biggest problem with this kit , and bad enough that I DO NOT recommend buying this set . After low to moderate use , one flat gave out , and the other holds maybe 20 % of its original charge . I did n't abuse the batteries and they should have lasted much longer . The kicker is that replacements are $ 80 each!Conclusion
 The hatchet saw and drill are quality items , the circular saw is worthless . What makes the whole package trash is the batteries which are a joke . In 20 plus years of cordless tool use these are the worst Iv ever seen , used or heard of . Save your money and buy Makita of which the tool quality is as good and whose batteries are , no joke , 10 time better . D. Robinson
 I purchased the Milwaukee 0923-29 18V 1/2 '' Lok-Tor Hammer-Drill , Sawzall `` The Hatchet '' , Circular Saw & Worklight Combo Kit on 5/2005 and this past weekend while attempting to drill a 7/16 '' hole in a 3/4 '' piece of plywood , the drill started belching smoke out of the rear vents and became too hot to handle , this was the 4th time I used this drill.This product leaves a lot to be desired in terms of reliability .
 Out of this set the saw held up the best . the drill chuck gets jamed and the battery is hard to get out . the sawzall works okbut the battery does n't stay charged long enough to really cut any thing -LRB- i have 4 batterys -RRB- . I had to buy a new charger after 5 months . I buy a lot tools an use them every day . I would notbuy a set like this if you plan to use them .
 I received the Milwaukee combo and straight out of the box the Hatchet did n't work unless you tap on it . Apparently it has a short and now I have to hassle with finding a Milwaukee dealer who will repair it - not exactly what i intended on when spending almost 500 bucks on a combo-i want Milwaukee to reimburse me for my time and effort !
 THE DRILL ARRIVED WITHIN A WEEK . I PLUG IT IN AND IT RAN OK , DID NOT DRILL ANY HOLES YET.FOR A RECONDITIONED DRILL IT LOOK LIKE IT HAS BEEN USED FOR A WHILE , AS IT SHOWED CONCRETE AND DIRT ALL OVER THE DRILL . . LOOKS LIKE I PURCHASED A USED DRILL .
 I like the fact that P.T.F.E tape is non-adhesive , but its so dang hard to work with . It crinkles SO easily , and does n't really bond to my plugs . I think bondage tape is a better use . Sorry if you were looking for a review about plumbing ...
 Does not work well at all - string tangles constantly around the trimmer head - not at all like the original .
 The point of the bit had a run out of about 50 thousandths . This would not cut a nice clean v-groove . Returned it .
 The product did not work at all and the loud noise is still on and the company refuse to take the product back . I do not think this is the same product as shown by Amazon . Well live and learn Bo
 Installed at cold water inlet washing machine . This product is useless , has no effect on water hammering . Save your money
 The item you are ordering is a 660-H Sioux Chief water hammer arrester . The problem is that the picture shown implies an in-line coupling configuration . What you will receive is a 660-H Sioux Chief water hammer arrester but the coupling configuration is 90 degrees -LRB- check out the Sioux Chief website to verify -RRB- . This may not work in certain situations . The water hammer arrester technology presented by Sioux Chief works like a charm if you can accommodate the 90 degree coupling configuration -LRB- I could n't - hence my rating -RRB- .
 We had a water hammer noise through our water lines when the washing machine automatic valves closed during the washing cycle . Installing the Sioux Chief 660-H eliminated the noise . We purchased two . Very easy to install on both the hot and cold shut off valves at the wall .
 Bought and installed one for hot and cold water lines for our new LG washer . They dampened but did not eliminate the water hammer from our machine for the first few weeks , but now the water hammer has resumed full force . They are attached at the spigot , but within the 6 feet of hose as recommended by the company .
 I put one on the hot water connection and one on the cold water connection of my washing machine . They reduced the water hammer fequency and severity , but they did not eliminate they problem .
 My washer repairman recommended this arrester . My plumber did n't think it would work . So far , it has reduced the noise by maybe 20 per cent . If you purchase this item , do n't expect miracles , except maybe you 'll feel better knowing you tried to fix the problem .
 Could n't at first believe it was the PowerCenter that blew . I thought for sure a breaker had blown but the lights in the room were still on : -RRB- Not even 2.5 years old and just crapped out . I 've had a 6 port that I 've been using from Magnavox on my computer equipment for better than 8 years and it 's still going strong . And I 'm sure I did n't even pay half of what I did for this Monster one . Spend your money elsewhere.At the time the load on the PowerCenter was an xbox 360 , LCD TV and a receiver -LRB- using only headphones -RRB- . I 've had all that and a PS3 and full surround going and it had n't crapped out before .
 Same symptoms as posted in another review here . After 10 months , it suddenly shut down . High-pitched sound comes from it . It is extremely hot near the on-off switch and can not be reset.I did not add anything to it and I am certain it was not overloaded .
 I 've owned a lot of power strips in my day , and I 've never had one just die like this . This particular model must be a real lemon as I see many other reviewers had the same problem.Mine died less than 2 years old on a day with no storms , no changes to normal setup , etc. . All that 's plugged into it is some AV equipment -LRB- a Plasma TV , a TiVo , a Receiver , a cable box , and a couple of little accessories -RRB- . Save yourself some misery and buy a different unit .
 My strip pretty much began acting up about six months ago . Certain outlets had to have the plug jostled and delicately balanced inside in order for them to work . Finally , I began hearing a strange crunch sound when I jostled the plugs , and I knew it was the end . This is not audiophile quality equipment , and should n't be thought of as such . That being said , I have had noise and surge protectors made for musicians that have toasted after a few years . So who 's to say what is what in that regard . I probably would n't buy another one , but you can bet I will try to return the one I have for an exchange . It is supposed to protect your equipment for five years , after all .
 I bought this on 9-6-09 and today for no reason it just quit working . We did not have any power surges , storms , and I did not plug anything else up to it . It just quit working ! After reading the reivew , I am shocked that it 's still on the market .
 So disgusted . I purchased two . My sons 's stopped working in about two months . High-pitched sound and not working . Then , last night mine conked out .
 We have had the item for 3 or 4 years . As of today , 01/23/09 it does not work . Son and friend were watching tv and about to play a video game , the tv , video game , etc. would not play . I found out it was because of the surge protector . I have never heard of one MALFUNCTIONINGso early or period .
 I had this for a little over a year and never experienced any problems . A few days ago , I plugged a very small space heater into it and after a few minutes , the power center blew . The TV , DVR , and heater all shut off and there was a loud high-pitched tone coming from the power center . It wo n't reset so it 's destined for the trash . I feel certain there was no power surge as nothing else in the house even flickered . I expected much more from this brand .
 Had it for a little over year and it just stopped working one day . Very disappointed . Will not buy another Monster brand surge protector .
 I have had my Monster Power for less than two years . Yesterday , I plugged in my vacuum to one of the outlets , not realizing that might cause a problem . Now all it will do is scream in a high-pitched tone , as others have commented . Will not reset . I guess it 's done for .
 I bought this from Best Buy for about $ 60 13 months ago for our new lcd tv . The other day my wife plugged in a small space heater and it the power went out for our tv . I guess that should be expected since it was probably more amperage than the strip was designed for . The problem is that the reset button will not reset it . This is annoying because even the $ 8 strip I got from Walmart will reset when it trips . The switch on this thing stays lit and it emits a high pitched tone , but will not power anything . I will never buy an over priced surge protector from Monster again !
 Just died for no apparent reason and will not reset . There was no surge . Looking at other reviews on this model it seems that many others have experienced the same fate . Save your money and look elsewhere .
 So I have had this surge protector for less than 5 months . It randomly shut down and started squealing at such a high pitch the local dogs started barking . I emailed Monster to figure out how to reset it , since the reset button did not work ... and I have not heard a thing . DONT BUY THIS . It was expensive and not worth the short life span .
 I purchased the HT700 surge protector 2 years ago , -LRB- to replace the previous Monster Power suppressor that also quit working -RRB- I thought that it was a fluke , as I have never in my life seen a surge suppressor ever go bad , and we have hundreds of them at work , that have much more use . Both of mine , the previous one and the HT700 did the same thing , just quit working and the power switch and reset button are `` mushy '' and no longer have defined positions , simply burnt out !! I hear on here they have a lifetime warranty , so I go to Monster warranty web site . That did not work because the HT700 was not a valid product according to their website , , UGH !!!! that is exactly what it is !!! So then I try their warranty 800 number , only to get a recorded message `` sorry , our system is down right now '' please call back later ??? later ? seriously ? They remind of the '' Hello , this is Peggy at prime credit '' credit card commercial . My advise if buying Monster Power Surge protectors is to always buy 2 of them , that way when the first one stops working -LRB- and it will sooner than later -RRB- you have another one so that you can continue to watch your TV while it takes you months to get ahold of them and replace the first one . And I am guessing they will require you to ship -LRB- and pay for it -RRB- your bad one , , test it , , and get around to sending you another one . GOOD LUCK !
 Like some of the others mine also died shortly after 1 year . The Brand has a very good reputation and the salesperson spoke very highly of the product so I spent the extra money . The other day it stopped working and this morning I called the Monster Cable corporation and they were very polite and said I could return the product for replacement.Hopefully , I will have better luck with the replacement .
 This item looked good and it was not cheap , it stopped working on about the 3rd day of usage . I am really not one to return items via mail so I just threw it away and went to home depot and a good one there .
 I purchased the HT700 6 months ago , and today it quit working unexpectedly . Based upon the other reviews , I do not believe there was a surge . Please do n't waste your money on this cheaply made abomination .
 I likewise purchased this surge protector from Best Buy - at a ridiculously overpriced price - only because I was in a pinch and needed something THAT day -LRB- you know how it is -RRB- . I purchased it 1/1/2010 , and yesterday -LRB- 3/20/2010 -RRB- it blew out . We did n't have any surges in the house as I was sitting in the room when it happened and my APC UPS on the computers in the same room did n't bleep one bit.It was heavily used - 7 of the 8 outlets were had something plugged into them , but no more than 4 were usually ever in use at the same time . Our usual load was something like a 50 '' Plasma TV , Receiver , Charger for remote , 1 game console at any given time.When it blew , everything flipped off of course , and it started emitting a high pitched noise , that wo n't stop even after trying to reset it . When I went to check on it , I smelled a faint burnt wiring/plastic smell , and when I went to pick it up , the bottom of it was nearly hot enough to burn me on touch . Today I went to dismantle everything and sure enough , it looks like there is a place on the bottom where the plastic is almost melted -LRB- smooth and distorted compared to the rest of the textured plastic -RRB- . Considering this was sitting on my carpet , it makes me really worried about what could have happened.I would definitely NOT recommend this product from Monster . Like most of their products , I think they are overpriced and no better than what anyone else is putting out . Best Buy makes a killing on their products , do n't be fooled by their rhetoric about quality .
 OKAY , I have all of you beat . I purchased my 700 power strip and used it for 4 HOURS -LRB- yes , that 's HOURS , not years ... -RRB- and it suddenly turned itself off and made a buzzing noise . There LOOKS to be a reset button at the end , but it is just for show , as it DOES NOT RESET . Trash time after 4 hours !!! Do n't even CONSIDER buying this ridiculously overpriced item . Now I will buy nothing from that rip-off company .
 Bought it two months ago ... tonight it just shut off randomly and started emitting a high pitched noise . Wo n't stop making the noise and no other lights in the house even flickered . Only had two things plugged into it . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT .
 Purchased two . One died after a year , thought it was a lemon . Second one just died after 19 months . Do n't waste your money .
 I have a K-690 and it leaks at the handle . I 've messed with it over and replace the valve which costs $ 15.20 from Kohler but it still leaks . Usually it is a slow drip but it varies depending on how long you 've been letting it run . The rubber seals inside just do n't seem substantial enough . There is too much plastic and not enough rubber to make a good seal . You can crank down the nut that hold the valve in place but it never gets a good seal.I would n't buy one again and now I may have to find a replacement . I 'm going to let a plumber take a look at it but if it starts leaking again , that 's then end of Kohler for me .
 I had this faucet installed when we remodeled our kitchen in 2003 . It was brand new then . I loved the faucet 's looks and functionality but ... I have had to replace or repair the inards/cartridge twice in the last 8 years . My faucet leaks under the handle . I thought it was just me with my wet hands dripping down but after reading the reviews here I now know it 's not me and my wet hands . I had the faucet repaired 2-3 years ago . I am now doing a second repair on the faucet . The cartridge and sleeve needs to be relaced . The plumber was able to get the cartridge easily but the sleeve will tabke 6-8 weeks because it 's on backorder . I ca n't exactly live without the kitchen faucet that long . This second repair cost me close to $ 500 already and that 's not including the sleeve.I expected the fauct to work without having so many problems so soon . Save your money and buy a better made kitchen faucet and replacement parts you can easily get !
 The good news is after 5 years with this faucet I have had zero leaks . The bad news is that it is not the high quality faucet I was expecting . The head has never fit well against the arm and the rubber seal over the spray control has split after a couple of years of use . I was hoping for a better made product then what I got .
 I really liked the looks and functionality of this faucet but the honeymoon was short . The swivel at the head of the pulldown started leaking after just a few months . I repaired it -LRB- it was due to a worn o-ring -RRB- but it started leaking again . I called Kohler and they sent me a new head and hose . The support was great -LRB- the faucet has a lifetime warranty -RRB- , unfortunately the faucet started leaking again after the second repair.My sister-in-law just remodeled her kitchen and installed the same faucet . We were visiting and I asked how she likes it . She said , `` I love it but it is leaking '' . I took a look and her 's is leaking in the same place as mine . I think the problem is due to improper plating of the ball swivel . It is partially chrome plated but because they did not plate the whole ball , the edge of the chrome -LRB- between where there is chrome and no chrome -RRB- catches on the o-ring and the unplated part is not smooth . These two combine to cause premature wear to the o-ring , causing it to leak . This is unacceptable in a faucet that costs over $ 500 . Also , when the faucet leaks , the water backs up the neck and drips into your base cabinet , ruining the wood . I am forced to leave the head pulled down an inch , so the water drips into the sink rather than backing up into the cabinet . The head looks terrible hanging down that way . A lifetime warranty does no good if you have to repair the darn thing every 3 months . If they fixed this problem , I 'd give the faucet a 5 but with it only lasting 3 mo. between repairs , it gets a 1 .
 From various sources I gathered that Kohler produces high quality products . I bought the Vinnata believing that for the premium I am paying I will get an outstanding faucet with impeccable workmanship . Unfortunately the Vinnata turned out to be a disappointment . Within weeks of installation the half dome-shaped cap that sits between the handle and the body of the faucet came loose . It did n't leak , but it annoying moved loosely every time I turned on the water or adjusted the temperature . At first I thought it was faulty installation , but after the plumber returned to inspect it he declared that `` it 's just the way it was designed . '' Apparently all he had to do to remedy this was to force the cap to snap into place . He then advised me to avoid touching/moving the cap to minimize recurrence . I 've followed his advise , but I have no doubt that at some future time the cap will snap off just as easily as it snapped back on.For such a `` high-end '' product with an ultra price premium , one would reasonably expect PERFECT workmanship . That the Vinnata failed to meet basic quality standards renders this faucet sub-par and over-priced -LRB- I would have given it three stars if it were n't priced so richly -RRB- . I most definitely would not pay up for Kohler ever again .
 We bought a new home that already had this facuet installed . I did not like it from the start and my wife loved it . I was right ! I am having the same problem as Lexy . The hub that covers the handle comes off and when you put it back on it keeps repeating . The house is under warranty and they sent a plumber to check it and he said there is nothing wrong . Right ! Save your money and buy some other facuet . You can find better quality for a lot less money . Hope this helps someone . Bob
 I did not purchase this faucet through Amazon , but I did have one installed in our mega kitchen remod nearly four years ago . This faucet for the premium is a piece of junk . First it started leaking around the push button for the spray adjustment within the first year . In the last year or so it has started to leak around the pivot connection on the faucet head.Finally I tried to fix it the other night . And bam I over tightened the faucet head and CRACK . The head of the faucet despite the nice Brushed Nickel finish is nothing but cheap-@ss plastic internally.Kohler is living off their name . JUNK!Kohler parts direct wants over $ 300 just for a replacement head . If thing had any real quality I might consider it , but for that price I think I am going to try a different faucet .
 Have not received this product yet .
 I bought two of these for next to the bed . First off they 're a little large for that , but I 'm not deducting stars for that because I should have taken a tape measure out so it 's my fault . Why I do n't like these lamps is within weeks : - One of the lamp shades unglued itself . Now it hangs down on three of the four sides , barely attached . I tried re-gluing but I 'm terrible at that stuff , and frankly I do n't buy things so I can practice my arts and crafts . I get around this by propping the shade against the wall - The same lamp is a pain to turn on and off . You twist the knob and instead of clicking it feels like the housing inside is turning with the knob . Eventually you can get it , but again , this happened within weeks of purchaseThe second lamp is fine , but I 'm disappointed in this purchase . Without these problems I 'd say 4 stars .
 This item has a right-hand thread but the hose that it 's supposed to screw onto has a left-hand thread . The clerk at Peachtree told me to force it on despite the mismatch , basically suggesting brute force to overcome poor design .
 I felt very mislead by this product description from Amazon . This is not the same as a true `` PHOTON '' brand light that I have purchased in the past . The LED is a bluish white , and the `` beam '' diameter is much smaller than the branded `` PHOTON '' light which has a brighter , whiter LED . It has a bunch of screws on the backside -LRB- that you ca n't see in the posted photo -RRB- and it looks like it was put together in a sweat shop , whereas the real `` PHOTON '' light says `` MICRO PHOTON LIGHT '' on the obverse and is elegantly constructed with no screws . The key rings are also of a lighter gage , and not of the same quality . I would return , but with the low cost it is not worth the hassle , and this knock-off light should still be handy . Time will only tell if it lasts as long as the real deal . If I could have a `` do-over '' I would have gladly payed more for the real thing ; the light that a real `` MICRO PHOTON LIGHT '' produces is brighter and it illuminates a larger area .
 I purchased this micolight reading a map , etc , in the dark . The light is bright but highly uneven . It has NO switch to leave the light on ! Very annoying .
 I doubt this is the Photon brand . This .01 to .30 offer goes back and forth under several different sellers names . Beware . It is most likely fake .
 I purchased this micolight reading a map , etc , in the dark . The light is bright but highly uneven . It has NO switch to leave the light on ! Very annoying .
 I doubt this is the Photon brand . This .01 to .30 offer goes back and forth under several different sellers names . Beware . It is most likely fake .
 I felt very mislead by this product description from Amazon . This is not the same as a true `` PHOTON '' brand light that I have purchased in the past . The LED is a bluish white , and the `` beam '' diameter is much smaller than the branded `` PHOTON '' light which has a brighter , whiter LED . It has a bunch of screws on the backside -LRB- that you ca n't see in the posted photo -RRB- and it looks like it was put together in a sweat shop , whereas the real `` PHOTON '' light says `` MICRO PHOTON LIGHT '' on the obverse and is elegantly constructed with no screws . The key rings are also of a lighter gage , and not of the same quality . I would return , but with the low cost it is not worth the hassle , and this knock-off light should still be handy . Time will only tell if it lasts as long as the real deal . If I could have a `` do-over '' I would have gladly payed more for the real thing ; the light that a real `` MICRO PHOTON LIGHT '' produces is brighter and it illuminates a larger area .
 No where in the description does it say this item is not for gas water heaters . It would have been nice to know as now we have to go thru the process of returning it and looking elsewhere . Therefore I guess the seller is the one that rates one star as we are n't sure about the item ...
 I have ordered two water heater drain pan on first order & they came with neceesary plumbing parts . Second time I ordered 10 more & this time they came without the plumbing supplies . I am considering return .
 Unfortunately , the outlet covers are cut wrong for my outlets , so I requested a return . NO REPLY.And , while I did install the light plate covers , the colors are more muted and less vibrant than the photos here .
 This is perhaps the stupidest , most frustrating design I 've ever seen in ANY product.The description says
 I purchased three of these and they worked for the first year then for no reason at all they stopped shutting off . I cut away the rubber protector on the handle in an effort to repair but they are assembled as a non-repair item . There is an internal `` O '' ring that becomes dislodged and causes the valve not to seat . Nice idea but poorly made.Update November 2012 , This was the second year for my last Dramm Full Flow Shut-Off-Valve and like clock work I was using it while washing out my flower pots before winter storage and half way through the project it stopped shutting completely off . Believe me these are not abused nor left out in freezing weather . Such a shame for a nice idea but poor design .
 Performs as advertised . It 's sad how many of these hose attachments are just junk . This seals tight and allows me to keep the hose on full time at the spigot without running back and forth . Nothing much to report aside from it 's an all-too-rare quality product at a great price.Update after 1 year - the valve that is operated by squeezing the handle has become sluggish at best and nonfunctional at worst . The result is that when the trigger is released , the water still flows . For a short period at first , then a few seconds , then not at all . It appears to get calcified over time , which I guess is understandable but a design flaw all the same . I have CLR 'd it a couple times now and that fix lasts for a few weeks but those intervals are becoming increasingly short and ineffective . We 'll see how long it lasts before it just fails to work at all . It 's great when it works ... OK , Update shortly after my previous update . It now leaks at the valve button . So totally worthless . I 'm now adding this to the mounting pile of failed hose attachments over the years . Onto the next shutoff valve - ever optimistic .
 It stopped working after a few months and even though it looks very heavy duty but it is not shutting off the water any more . I contacted the seller but they said I have to pay for return shipping cost so , my shipping cost was about the same as what I paid for that item but I sent it back since it was the right thing to do .
 I purchased this valve because it looked to be of professional quality construction . The `` Pro '' is not professional quality . The lever hinge broke within days of purchasing when it was dropped onto the ground . Inspection of the hinge showed that it is way too flimsy for any type of long term use .
 I loved this until the shut off valve quit working after 2 months . Ive never had a dramm product that lasted more than one year .
 Worked great until it broke after 3 months . We 'll see if Dramm makes good on their lifetime warranty as I ca n't return to amazon .
 When I discovered this easy to operate hose end shut-off valve I was wondering where it had been all of these years ! It made watering where need to vary flows in all degrees from complete off to full on easy and fairly precise . Even though it is really a wonderful tool I gave it 2 stars because no matter how great it is if it lasts only a few months it is really kind of worthless ! I have a total aversion to `` throw-away '' technology which this could be classified as.What happened to mine is that I lost the ability to control the volume of the water . I could get maximum flow but when released would not shut off . Still had some flow ranging from a trickle to as soft spray . The small water gate inside was getting stuck in partially open positions . I tried lubricating with machine oil open/closing the valve rapidly . Worked for only a short time.I believe there is some kind of internal spring mechanism that was failing.I absolutely do not recommend it unless you do very little watering and hopefully the valve does not get stuck .
 As others have stated this valve is not full flow despite the claims that it is . When I used several spray attachments they did n't work very well due to not being full flow nor having straight through path as would be present in even a smaller ball valve.In addition to the first problem after 5 months it stopped shutting off . I tried various methods to get it working again to no avail . For $ 13 + dollars for a valve I expect a lot more for my money . Save your money and buy a tried and true ball valve , while they do n't last forever they last a heck of a lot longer than this crappy valve and can be made to work again when the ball stops being easy to rotate.Steer clear of this product .
 Worked fine until it did n't . I figured it was the O rings , and the person who dissected his confirms this . Can anyone recommend a better product ? I have one watering wand for outdoors & one for my greenhouse , and I 'm sort of resigned to paying $ 22/yr for replacments .
 Unbelievable how loud this little unit can get , even with my demolition earphones on , it was still hurting my ears . Takes forever to fill the tank and it 's only 100psi ! Finally , my unit started making strange noises during a refill and then ceased to function any further . Apparently , the internals have seized and there 's nothing that can be done about it .
 The item was extremely loud when running . It was cheap looking and it could not effectively inflate an automobile tire . The accessories were also of poor quality.I returned the item !
 These lamps look great but the LED lights are pathetic . I stood 3 feet away at night and could not even see my leg!To make matters worse , in our dark Seattle autumn , the battery only lasted to about 9:00 pm before going completely dark .
 I keep hoping that they 'll get brighter but they have n't yet . They do look nice ... I 've received several compliments . But I still have people stumbling up a dark driveway .
 I bought this Klenk tool based on three other reviews and because I need to strip small wires , 20 through 26 AWG , both stranded and solid , in close quarters . Unfortunately , they simply do not work . I have not tried them with larger wire than 20 AWG.I have been using wire strippers since my first factory job in 1963 . Since then I have used many different brands and styles . Other strippers with this type of stripping action -LRB- I have one with a similar action that works fine , but it is getting worn out -RRB- hold the wire with the front jaws , and the rear or inner jaws bite into the insulation and pull it off . These strippers attempt to do the same , but instead of pulling the insulation off , they push off/away the wire that is being stripped , and this does not work ; the wire gets mangled . Also , while stripping 26 AWG stranded wire , which consists of 7 strands of 34 AWG solid wire , invariably two to three of the strands were pulled or cut off . The ones that were left were tangled up because of the pushing away action.The cutting end cuts OK , but since the overall action is a toggle , one can not slowly close the cutters , as for a precise cut . Also , the cutters are flush cutters - one side only as always is the case - so be careful with the cut off piece flying away from the other side . Similar cutters have a small leaf spring that hold the cut off piece so it does not fly away.Oh well , it was only nine bucks !
 Maybe I got a lemon , but I 'm not real happy with these wire strippers . Several people I know swear by them , but I 'm not a convert . I do a lot of data cabling with 24 and 26 gauge stranded wire and this tool just seems to mangle the wire , not even cleanly cutting the insulation . It 's important when stripping wires for data connectors that you are accurate with the length of insulation removed - it 's practically impossible to do that with the fast action recommended for using these.Others might be happy with them , and maybe they 're great for heavier wire or less accurate applications , but they just leave a mess behind for me .
 Ihave owned this set for almost 2 years now , the tools are great !! HOWEVER the batteries suck , have no life n dont hold a charge well . Save yourself a lot of fristration , buy the DeWalt if u want NiCad or any of the `` big boys ' in Lith-Ion . I just spent $ 200 to buy the lith Ion v18s from milwaulkee to go with my tools ...
 THE PRODUCT WAS RECEIVED DAMAGED . THE PLASTIC FAN WAS BROKE AND FELL OFF THE UNIT . IT WAS DOUBLE BOXED AND WELL PACKED . BOTH BOXES WERE IN VERY GOOD SHAPE , WHICH MAKES ME BELIVE IT WAS PACKING PROBLEM AND NOT A SHIPPER PROBLEM . I HAD TO HAVE IT RIGHT AWAY , SO EPOXIED IT TOGETHER INSTEAD OF RETURNING . ALSO YOY HAVE TO PAY CLOSE ATT . TO SHIPPING CHARGES.IT SAYS $ 9.95 , BUT IF YOU SCROLL DOWN , THERE IS ALSO $ .50 PER POUND ON TOP OF IT .
 Broke after a month of use . To the little guys defense we use them 6x a week . If your going to use them around the house should last you a long time I guess . Good luck .
 This quick change bit is short and on the &#34; sticky &#34; side . Compared to other quick change adapters , this one is low on my list . I will keep this one to loan to the guy who never brings back tools . I suggest you go down to your local hardware store and look at all your options on length and ease of use .
 The quality of this tool is so poor , the little metal clips inside that hold the bit , stuck on me after 2 uses . If you want something to use with your zip gun like me , look somewhere else . It lasted 10 minutes in all before I had to beat my bit out with a chisel to free it .
 It broke within the first few hours of use . The total number of holes drilled through 2x4 's before it broke was seven . It worked very nicely in the beginning until on the 7th , it wobbled very badly . When I lifted it out , it was barely holding the bit . Then I thought maybe the bit just broke lose . So I pushed the bit back in -LRB- thinking it might fix itself -RRB- and drilled further . Within few seconds that attempt the top all came loose . This thing is dangerous as it could potentially throw the bit flying and hurt someone . Like what the other reviewer mentioned and as pictured , the top does brake prematurely . Luckily I bought mine locally -LRB- HD -RRB- and will be able to return it without shipping costs.Update ... After I returned it locally , I bought another one just to give it a chance and as I still have the need for this tool and could n't find another brand that has as small -LRB- or smaller -RRB- head . I have used the replacement a few times now and much more than the first one I bought . It worked pretty nicely as it should . I was able to drill a lot more studs without problem whatsoever.So overall , the tool 's reliability is 50/50 to me . I ca n't give it more stars as it will probably break on me again while in the middle of a project.To its credit though which I learned after I returned the first one and hunted for a different brand , this one has the best design in terms of head size . The small head will come handy when you need to drill small and very deep hole . The head will go into the hole with the bit as small as half inch . The other brands I found had much bigger heads for the same bit size .
 I bought the 12 '' Irwin QC extension.The first time I inserted a bit then pulled down the collar to release and POP it out , not only the bit popped out but the entire assembly -LRB- spring & magnet -RRB- that enable the extension to release the bit for one hand operation . What a piece of junk.In consolation , It is still usable but you 'll have to pull the bit while you hold down the collar . Not-so-quick-change extension is what it is.I 've posted a pic in customer images hopefully amazon will show it.Update . . So I returned the extension that I bought yesterday . This time I also have a bit with me just to make sure ... checked ... and screwdriver bit released without its guts along with it . So I got home tried on the drill and WHAT THE ... ? why is this thing wobbling like crazy ??? -LRB- I am aware drill chucks have runout in them , so I took that into consideration -RRB- . Got a ruler and found the middle of the shaft is slightly bent.I 've never had bad luck twice in two identical product.Just FYI , even after this experience I still went and bought the 6 '' extension which by the way had no flaws . I like these IRWIN extensions because its shaft is very substantial .
 I 've owned this mixer for two years now . I used it the first year for a lot of mortar mixing while building a stone mailbox pillar . Worked well , but bogs down and trips out after about two bags -LRB- 1 CF -RRB- of concrete , which is lower than the rated capacity . It sat for about a year covered under a tarp and well protected , and when I went to use it this year for a few bags of concrete the nylon gear -LRB- yes , nylon , can you believe it ? -RRB- shredded and now the mixer is out of service . I have no idea if it can be repaired or whether Red Lion -LRB- based in Manitoba , Canada -RRB- can or will sell me replacement parts . Overall , it 's not a good buy as it 's not tough and not durable . I 'd go for an all steel mixer with steel gears , and when I go to buy another one -LRB- I 've got a lot of mixing to do this summer -RRB- will check for these features . Do yourself a favor if you 're doing more than a very small project - spend some more money to buy a good mixer , and sell it when you 're done . I 'm sure there 's a good market for used mixers . Happy mixing .
 I guess it 's my fault for not looking harder for a better cement mixer . This one looked pretty good and the price was n't bad so I bought one . My biggest problem with this mixer is the noise factor . I got to where I had to warn my neighbors if I was going to be using my mixer because it is extremely loud ! I 'm not happy with the fact that it 's made of plastic either . I had planned on using this quite a bit but actually felt embarassed everytime I turned it on . I ended up renting a mixer to finish the work I was doing . So I guess buying this was a waste of a lot of money !
 This is one of the worst purchases I have made on Amazon . The price seemed right at the time but after ordering one , I found it at a home store locally for about the same price -LRB- but without shipping charges -RRB- . Ironically , after it arrived and I was putting it together , I found it was missing a couple of bolts which is what caused my trip to the home store where I saw it . I had to laugh because that is just the kind of luck I seem to have!I put the unit together and have used it a couple of times since . It really seems unstable -LRB- real shaky and rotates like a flat tire -RRB- probably due to the plastic drum . It is louder than a similar one I had several years ago .
 We use these to tumble -LRB- clean -RRB- brass parts in walnut shell media . This is very light duty compared to concrete . We own two of these . The first one , we have owned for 2 years and it works OK for our light duty use , although they are very noisy , there is virtually NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT - and the poor design relies on a nylon worm gear to transfer power from the motor to the drum . The gear wears out fast and cost $ 40 to replace . I have replaced ours 3 times . I decided to purchase a second one to increase our production and it seemed that even with the machines problems , it was still a viable tool . Well , the new mixer arrived 3 weeks after I ordered it , the box was nearly shreaded , there was no packing material in the box , just loose parts falling about and there were missing parts . I assembled the mixer and it was obvious that the drum was severly warped , almost egg shaped . I attempted to contact their customer service on 3 occasions and emailed them on 4 occasions - Never a response . I even sent them a video , showing the terrible warped condition , but again , no response . The poor design coupled with the warped drum is causing severe mis-alignment with the pinion and worm gear on the rear of the unit . This has been a bad decision to purchase this . I am ready to return the entire mess to Amazon , maybe Amazon can get their attention , I can not . Beware . Thank You
 Beware the nylon worm gear ! It WILL fail on you , even under normal use!I do n't complain about the light duty construction overall or the polymer drum . I do n't complain about the light load capacity or even the noise . These items are not ideal but it 's inexpensive and it is what it is for the money.What ruins the would-be value of this mixer is the fact that the whole power is transferred through a NYLON gear which fails in a very short time even when used well within the capacity for which this unit was designed . It might not be so bad if they took the approach that these gears were MEANT to be disposable and maybe the mixer came with at least 2 . Also if you had easy access to buying more instead of paying over $ 50 when you add shipping for each one . They treat the replacement gears like any other part instead of a disposable part which fails regularly . The gear should either have been designed to be tougher or cheaply and readily available.When you consider that this is not a great machine to start with and you have to regularly order OVERPRICED gears even when you use it at half the rated load , it fails to have much value . Only buy this mixer if you can find it for $ 100 or less used .
 This junk pile broke on the third load.The worm gear -LRB- plastic -RRB- sheard off . Try to get a replacement ... No way!Try to get your money back ... No way!Don ' t buy the PIG !
 The motor failed before the worm gear had a chance to . Lasted for three bags .
 Do n't believe the hype that this is by any means a heavy duty machine . I have had this mixer for a while and initially used it with success , but when I brought it back out to use for my current project , the replaceable plastic worm drive gear wore down to nothing in about one or two 50 lb . bags . I bit the bullet and bought a new worm gear and replaced it , cleaned everything up and re-lubricated the lubrication point only to have the new gear only last for 2 bags . Definately not worth the $ 20 part cost and $ 8 plus shipping.AVOID THIS MIXER even if it is just for the reason YOU WILL be forced to buy this replacement gear at some point and you may have the same issues I have had.I believe the issue may be that they use vegetable oil as the lubricant and I believe this may actually seize up the whole works since the oil drips down and coagualtes on the whole working mechanism including the lubricating points and the drive gear and worm drive . But even after cleaning everything off and trying again with plenty of lubrication , still only two bags worth of work.As it turns out though , you can use the bucket for a nice hand mixer in a pinch . : -LRB-
 Never worked right from the first try . Finally got it adjusted so the load was evenly supported on the rollers and it worked for one or two times . Always had to start it with zero load and gradually add the water and mix . I wasted more time on it than it cost . Do n't buy it .
 Cheapness of quality is remembered LONG after cheapness of price is forgotten ! This mixer is astoundingly poorly engineered ! It uses vegetable oil to lubricate the SOFT PLASTIC drive gear . Well , I have NEWS for you , vegetable oil turns into GLUE after sitting over a period of time , plugging the lubrication tube and gumming up the gears ! I have n't found ANY suitable solvent to dissolve this `` glue . '' Then when you run it , the drive worm gear strips out in a few minutes . I have n't found ANY suitable solvent to dissolve this `` glue . '' A new drive gear , if you can find one , costs 1/6th of the complete price of the unit !!! Seems to me that a part that costs this much as a percentage of the total cost of the unit should be MUCH BETTER !!! I think Red Lion has PURPOSEFULLY done this to pad their bottom line ... selling overpriced drive gears !!! AVOID this mixer at ALL COSTS !!!
 Did n't last long . Plastic gear gave out fast and I 'm not a contractor , used it only occasionally . The Husky at the Home Depot -LRB- or wherever -RRB- is much better . You been warned !
 I have a generally good impression of Irwin products , but I 'm very disappointed in this Forstner bit set . The bits require sharpening out of the box . And speaking of boxes - do n't believe the picture . The set arrives in a cheap plastic wrapper that is not an option for long term storage .
 This photo no correspond to the product . The item is a simple blue chip set but more expensive .
 I purchased 5 of these to replace a few metal ones in locations that tend to get dirty easy . Great use for the Kitchen and Living room . Unfortunately 1 had a piece broken out of the corner , causing it to be a high risk for cutting someone 's foot open . This was n't damage during shipping . The corner was missing , and was packaged by the manufacturer this way . Returning it would cost more then the product . I was able to use it in a location where it 's unlikely to get stepped on by bare feet . If I had kids , I would have tossed it out . In the future , I 'll buy this product at a local store where I can make sure it 's not damaged.Update January 2013 : I 'll have to retract my previous idea of buying it local . One of the registers broke last week . I noticed originally that these were not flush with the floor . The vents are a bit above , and taper to a curve with the high point in the middle . I guess it only took a few months of light traffic over the register to cause that curve to break inward . Now I have a second useless register.Dropping another star , down to 1 . Do n't bother with this . If you want plastic registers , this is n't the solution .
 I purchased the meter to verify data from a solar experiment we 're running at school . We need to measure current over time and be able to log the data to a computer . These are 2 relatively simple needs.The 344 I got was able to measure voltage and current in the 400 milliamp range . The RS232 connection worked just fine . The supplied software is n't very flexible , but it works . However , the DMM could not measure current in the 10 Amp range . I got an RMA and returned the defective unit to Kaito several weeks ago . So far I have heard nothing from them.If the meter had worked or if I had received a replacement right away , I would give it an OK rating . Instead , it gets a poor rating .
 I bought this tool to replace my old Paslode finish nailer . I was first skeptical about the magazine and housing being all plastic and almost bought another brand that still used aluminium . It has held up , but the tool is taller than the old one and does not seem to have enough power . I have also had several driver blades break in only three months . I will put this one on the shelf and either look for a used old Paslode model or switch brands completely .
 I bought this unit over 2 years ago and used it to inflate the tires on our 3 vehicles . We would also use it on vacation to inflate pool toys and air mattresses . When it was new it would hold a charge long enough to inflate low tires on a car -LRB- all 4 -RRB- five to six times between charges . In the last six months or so the unit will only inflate 3 to 4 low tires before needing another charge . It still works fine when I plug it into a car 's power outlet but then I have to hassle with the wire . It seems to me the lead battery should have lasted longer than this given how expensive this charger is .
 First of all , I gave this product two stars instead of one because it was my fault that I did n't read the instructions after I bought the CC2300 cordless inflator.If I had , I would have returned the thing for a refund.Instead , I kept it and probably over a period of six or seven years , may have used it five or six times . That 's less than once a year for you statistics mavens.The problem ? The thing has to be charged for seven or eight hours prior to use . You ca n't just plug it in and use it off 120 volts with the power adaptor - because you 'll burn the power adaptor out and possibly risk causing a fire.This product has a very , very narrow niche use . If you were going someplace without any power at all then I suppose you could take the CC2300 along . Like maybe if you were going biking in the middle of the desert or something like that . However , my choice for that would be an old `` T '' type bicycle pump , not the CC2300.Supposedly , the battery in the CC2300 can be used as an alternate power source for appliances that can run off 12 volt dc current but it really does n't have a lot of muscle . For example , if you read the instruction manual for this product , you will learn that it was not intended for use in jump starting a car.Even if you could do so , you might be able to get a crank or two out of an engine , but that would be about it . The CC2300 just does not have a lot of punch.For home use , most people would be better off using an inflator that runs off 120 volts . If you want something that you can throw in the back of your car and run off the battery , then buy an inflator that runs off 12 volts dc . Either of these solutions for on-the-spot inflation will work ; I will also say that Campbell Hausfeld has good products that will fill these needs . It 's just that the CC2300 is sort of a hybrid solution for tire inflation and dc current that does n't work very well.At this point , the battery on my CC2300 is n't taking a charge very well , and there are no replacement batteries avaiable . Since I ca n't power the CC2300 from any other source other than its internal battery , I have no choice but to dispose of it . What a waste .
 This unit was sold as `` new '' but when it arrived the box looked like it had been opened and taped shut . The instructions say to plug unit A into unit B and assemble by attaching unit C. My box contained only A and C , no B , so it was returned for credit -LRB- I had to pay the return postage -RRB- . I will never order from this supplier again .
 This product has done nothing to curb our pest issues in our backyard area . It does not seem to affect any above ground creature at all that I can tell . I looked out the window one evening to see a rat sitting about 2 inches away from it , completely unaffected . We still have squirrels , racoons , and mice . Though the blue jays do n't seem too fond of the noise it produces .
 I bought 3 of these for my mother 's yard because she was having major problems with mole runs . When the repellers were first installed in early summer , it seemed that they might be working because mole activity decreased a lot . However , this was also when the wet weather ended and the hot , dry period started . Shortly after we got a fair amount of rain , the mole activity resumed . I think that the moles had just gone deeper underground when it was very hot and dry . The repellers are still beeping , so they have not broken , but they are ineffective .
 Pros
 I am surrounded by a forest and have a big problem with chipmunks tunneling under the cement floor of my garage and also into the footing drains of my house . Up until now we have used water traps very effectively but are a lot of work to keep up with and keep clean . Since using this product -LRB- about a month -RRB- we have seen a drop in activity with the chipmunks but they are still around . The directions say it takes a while to work most effectively so I am waiting and watching . Will update progress again in the near future.Update
 There must be regional differences in Gopher sensativities to this device . Some people rave about the success and others , like myself , think they suck . I have one in soft ground in a garden/flower bed and another in an orchard with rock hard dirt between the trees and niether one works . I still have gophers within 3 or 4 feet of the Solar Repellers . We are in the foothills of Norther California and they do not work here .
 At least in New Mexico , these and other sound repellers do not work . Neither does granular deterrent . Traps work IF you find someone who sets them properly .
 I was very happy with this repeller . However , it only worked for 3 months , then quit . I contacted the company and they said the solar battery was probably not charging . They said if I would fax my receipt , they would send another one . I did so that very day ; that was 6 weeks ago and I have not received a new product . You can not get to the batteries to replace them yourself , I tried . Now when I call their customer service number , all I get is a busy signal . So beware!After I posted this review , I got through to the company and they informed me that the unit was on back order and finally arrived . They said I should be receiving my new unit shortly ... hope it lasts longer this time .
 I admit that between the gophers -LRB- as it turned out , moles as well -RRB- and my wife complaining about our back yard being a gopher mound romper room , I was willing to try anything , including these `` Solar Pest Repellers '' . WELL I advise you , RUN AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! I repeat , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !! I state again , DO NOT WASTE 1 CENT OF YOUR MONEY ON PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT !!!! Like virtually everyone said , it does not work ; no way , not even close !! After trying them in different locations , depths , etc. , etc. . I finially paid a trapper to come out and try his luck -LRB- yes we still have trapper people here -RRB- . WELL , 2 gophers , 2 moles , about 8 days and $ 160.00 later I have been gopher and mole free for nearly 9 months now ... . It took wheelbarrowing and raking about 2 yards of topsoil along with several applications of grass seed and fertilizer , but we are almost back to a `` normal '' looking back yard !! I did NOT get any satisfaction from the company -LRB- Sunforce + other AKA 's -RRB- when I tried to return the 3 I purchased -LRB- too late for Amazon -RRB- . Anyone want to try 3 of these junkers , REALLY CHEAP ???
 I installed the device in our yard in the area where the Gophers were digging.They have continued to dig , as close as 18 '' from the `` Repeller ''
 I purchased two of these to try to control moles that had invaded our neighborhood . At the time they were not running rampant in my yard . I have had the the two repellers installed for around a month . Since I have started using this product the moles have been attracted to them -LRB- as stated in the product guide -RRB- . The only problem is they will not go away and keep coming back to my flower beds.Before spending money on this product , do your homework and research moles . They reportedly are more numerous when the ground is moist , which is what has happened this year . Traps and poisons can remedy the problem but they will still come back.This product did not work for me at all .
 The Sunforce 80001 operates as designed , emitting an intermittent combination of sound and vibration . Unfortunately the moles do n't care . The unit has been in operation for about a month , and there are new mole tunnels with 15 feet of it . It is advertised as covering 6000 sq ft , so the range ought to be about 43 feet in any direction.Save your money .
 I expect new items to be in original packaging but this was in a plain large box in 2 pieces with no instructions , no manufacturing info , no troubleshooting info , no nothing . How long does it need to be exposed to the sun to work ? Does it make sounds ? How deep should it be placed ? Not a clue .
 One evening when I walked down to the lower back yard to see how our watermelons , cantaloupes , honeydews , pumpkins and bird nest gourds were doing , I was shocked and a little miffed that all but the pumpkin and gourds were nothing but stems ... DARN THOSE GROUND HOGS !!! I came across this and thought that perhaps this would work ... and too , I thought that I read in the instructions provided that it would deter rabbits , ground hogs and other rodents ... well , no . I ended up purchasing a Havaheart trap and have trapped and released 3 ground hogs , 1 skunk -LRB- he was a little guy and cute ! -RRB- and 1 oppossum and now my mellon patch is thriving ... and those plants that were nibbled to just the stems ... they 've bounced back ! So this little contraption is being placed in the garden closer to house ... hopefully , it will deter what ever is eating the squash !
 I installed this in my garden after failing to repel a destructive family of moles using a variety of techniques . It has produced no results even though it does emit vibrations . I had to resort to poison to get rid of them . It is easy to use and install but apparently does not work on all moles .
 This product is completely worthless . It seems to draw more critters like the pied piper . Plus there is a buzz every few seconds that drives us all crazy .
 I do n't know if this thing is working , my gut tells me no . I 've had it in several months now and I 'm still seeing mounds and tunnels throughout my yard . Not to mention the squirrels just stand on top of these to taunt me . So no it probably is n't working at all . Would n't recommend in Florida .
 purchased 4 of these for a large back yard . left them in place plenty of time for them to take effect per the directions . 2 of them made no sound at all 2 of them made noise but had no effect whatsoever . They are made cheaply also . When I went to pull them out to return them two of them broke so they can not be returned and I 'm out about $ 100 . I read the mixed reviews but thought I 'd give it a try anyway . Do n't waste your time or money .
 These things do n't work . We have had them before and they were wonderful and did the job but these do nothing and we are out the money for 2 of them .
 I was tasked by my wife to rid her garden of the voles . Unfortunately , this is not the device for that task . Our Garden is very small at approx 150 sq ft. We purchased one of these and placed it in the center . Even though the unit appears to be operating correctly , the voles are tunneling within 4 inches of the unit . They do n't seem to be affected by this unit . Our neighborhood cats have delivered 4 voles to my driveway in the last month . Maybe i need to stick to feeding the cats.I give it two starts just for the fact the unit was received in a well packaged box with very quick shipping .
 Since I purchased this item , it seems to attract pest . I wish I could returned it . It was a waist of money .
 I had previously read the reviews and I chose to ignore them thinking that perhaps they were competitors/saboteurs etc. . I wish I had n't . Quite simply it did nothing but make another hole on the ground.I think the idea that this product would work makes sense but the technology is simply not there.Save your money .
 We are in Colorado and are plagued with pocket gophers . We have had these pest repellers in our lawn for over 2 years and I have yet to see any difference in the hungry pests digging patterns . I think they chuckle and use it as a beacon to know where in the garden are the tastier roots and bulbs.Maybe it works for some people because they have moles . I bet a lot of people do n't even know what they have in their lawn - for months , my wife and I debated whether we had pocket gophers or voles . I know we have pocket gophers because we 've captured and released over a dozen.These do n't work . What works is the wash , catch and release program . My wife takes the hose , floods all of their tunnels and air holes . Sometimes it takes hours to get one to surface and does n't always work . Once they surface , scoop them up in a bucket and take to a nearby national forest , open space or park.Also works to build garden boxes with tough wire mesh on the bottom.Good luck !
 Like another poster mentioned , the mole actually seems to have an affinity for this junk . The day after I placed the rod in the soil , the mole dug a tunnel right next to it ! I assume most of the positive posts are from people associated with this product .
 I bought two because I wanted to place them before going out of town . Both arrived on time in working order , but on my return two weeks later only one of them was still working .
 The moles taunt me as they push up the mounds next to the `` solar pest repeller '' . Sorry folks . This just does n't work .
 Save all your packaging and be prepared to return the product .1 -RRB- Here is how you can test the product -LRB- without doing any technical work -RRB- . After assembling per instructions , cover the solar top so that it gets no light . This will force the unit to run off the batteries -LRB- which come pre-charged -RRB- . You will hear the unit hum/vibrate , as it should . Leave it like that for a few days to drain the batteries . After you are sure the batteries are drained -LRB- unit no longer makes intermittent hums/vibrations -RRB- , remove the solar cover , and take it outside in the sun . Make sure the solar collector is getting direct sun . If the unit is wired correctly it will resume operation and the batteries will recharge . Congratulations , you have received operational product .2 -RRB- Here is how you can repair the product -LRB- if you do n't want to send it back for a refund -RRB- . A -RRB- Remove the little screws underneath the top of the product . B -RRB- If you have access to a volt meter , take a reading on solder points where the wires from the solar collector are soldered . If you have to switch the meter leads -LRB- black on red ; red on black -RRB- , to obtain a normal voltage reading , then the solar collector is wired backwards . I got a reading of about -8 volts -LRB- DC -RRB- . C -RRB- The wiring can be corrected by cutting the red and black wires near the middle of the collector . D -RRB- Re-splice to opposites -LRB- connect red to black ; black to red -RRB- . This will correct the problem , but the better way is to re-solder the wires on the printed circuit board in reverse locations . E -RRB- Once you have swapped the wires , and if sunlight is hitting the solar collector , it will start working . F -RRB- You should also pull the battery plug and take a voltage reading on the two little prongs . You should be getting about an 8 VDC reading there as well -LRB- meaning it will recharge the batteries -RRB- . Does the product really work ? Well I do n't know yet , just got them working , but at least the two I purchased are now operational . If I see gopher damage diminish , maybe I will come back and add a star ...
 I had hoped this product would save me from having to put out traps . No luck . One of the younger gophers actually likes to sit on the thing when he suns himself .
 In reading the reviews I guess this is just hit and miss . It seems to have worked for some people , but did n't work at all for me . I do n't like the loud beeping noise , but I would n't mind it if it was repelling the squirrels , if anything I seem to have more of them . It was a waste of money for me .
 Ok I have n't seen any difference but it 's only been a two days . I am wondering however is this thing suppose to vibrate ? I hear the buzzing but I ca n't feel anything moving inside that might annoy the moles in my yard .
 this is the 3 or 4th time things have been screwed up at amazon , got my coffee grinder , sent email about b buzzer no response
 We purchased two Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers to keep rats out of our garden and backyard . We live in an urban area and have children/pets so it seemed that this was a good investment . It would have been if it worked . Just last night , I saw a rat walk right by it without even flinching ! It may work for gophers and moles but not `` rodents '' .
 I am still having trouble with moles I just found new trails where they have woking , so I will be looking for a new solution
 This item is a TOTAL waste of money . I plugged in the solar top , secured it to the post , inserted it into the ground . It was n't quite straight so I pulled it out . As a result the tip -LRB- Which had nothing to do with anything I assembled -RRB- came off ripping the wires off , thus rendering it completely useless . I left the tip eight inches below the grass surface and threw the rest in the recycling bin . What a piece of shit !
 Does n't do what it should . Vibrates fine , I was able to put it in the ground fine , however the voles seem unaffected by the whole thing .
 in stalled in new laid sodded grass area still have gophers and way annoying with a beep every two minutes
 I have tried every known method for getting rid of moles and this was the last step . I put in two and the moles came up right next to the device ... waste of money .
 Within a few weeks of installation one of the 3 LEDs has burned out completely , and a second one strobes annoyingly , and I assume that it will give up the ghost soon . After the expense , and the trouble it took to mount this product , I can only warn you away from purchasing it . There are undoubtedly better choices out there.Update . Four days later . The last of the LED 's has burned out . Bulbs are not replaceable . What a sorry-a ** product .
 Cheaply made ... They even look cheap right out of the box ... Followed instructions to the letter . I ordered Two . One never worked at all and the other after 5 days of charging would only turn on for 5 to 7 seconds and that was because you had to be within 5 feet of the sensor . Totally dis-satisfied ... However completely satisfied with Amazons return policy . I would never recommend this product .
 Well , at least mine 's lasted almost a year b/f it started blinked rapidly and then quit working together . If I had any idea that this solar light was only going to last 8 months I NEVER would have purchased it . I got it on selland thrilled at the time with the price . Fooled was I ! I advise you to keep your hard earned money in your pocket or just buy a well known brand solar motion light . SUNFORCE sales junk and they know it 's JUNK-that 's why its products appears to be on sale , but it 's just plain cheap anyway ! I highly recommend buyers to reject this company.Don ' t let them get rich by scamming you this way .
 The product worked for about 1 night then failed.The return was fast and easy with no hassles .
 The light is very low when it decides to turn on . It took four nights of sitting in the sun before it even glimmered . And when it did light up it was extremely low . I hate that I am pass the 30 day return date . My suggestion is to choose a better quality solar light .
 Bought this item from a local store . Inside the cheap plastic housing , there was a pack of 4 AA-sized rechargeable batteries . But it 's okay , there 's only one LED.Charged the battery for 3 very bright days as the instruction manual said . Then what happened ? The light never turned on while I tried many different combinations of the three adjusting knobs.I returned the item for a full refund , but I incurred a loss for my investment in extension wiring with matching connectors for the best sunlight exposure .
 The first unit I bought lasted only 7 months . But I liked the concept so I bought a replacement , which lasted 6 months . Lesson learned
 I agree this product and brand is terrible , I bought one from amazon during the summer and it quit working shortly after , I was never able to adjust the knobs , I attempted with extreme difficulty to remove the screws and see if it was fixable , the batteries seemed to be fine , it 's the the chip and other techicinal stuff I know nothing about that is n't working . DO NOT BUY THIS BRAND - I bought the same brand on ebay and it did the same thing as someone else mentioned , flickered during the day and quit working . 2 duds , I should have learned after the first one ...
 I bought one of these units and it worked the first time it was charged then it acted like a strobe for two nights and then it died completely . The company replaced it with another light -LRB- just sent another and did not ask for me to return the defective one -RRB- ... the replacement NEVER worked . Sunforce then sent me another light ... I charged it for the required 4 days in PURE TN Sunlight , sometimes it works , sometimes it do n't . Last night it went on and off every three seconds once it had activated and continued to do so until the battery drained . As of today , Sunforce has sent me 2 MORE replacements -LRB- I now have 4 units -RRB- ... NONE of them work !!!!! I 'd steer clear of these units and buy something electric instead of solar !
 I wish I had good news to report . Great Consept really but it only lasted 10 months and quit working all together . Contacted the manufacture to let them know the screws that were on the back to get to batteries were stripped out and un able to remove back to replace batteries . They suggested to ship it back to them but the price to ship back to Canada I could purchase new . At this point I think I need to purchase something that will last a bit longer because I need it in a location that only a ladder can reach . Anyway would re think purchasing this one again !
 The light has limited direction of movement and after about a week , it stopped working for me . I would not buy this product again .
 I purchased this item for a section of my yard where I do not have electricity and needed some light at night therefore the solar option was ideal resolution instead of hiring an electrician to run electrical to this area . This product was very easy to install -LRB- less than 5 minutes -RRB- but the light is very weak . It puts out a glow that is probably about 60 - 70 % less intense than a conventional electric motion sensor light that uses standard bulbs . Does it provide light ? Yes , for about 20 ft. max . After 20 ft then the light gets too weak to do much good and it is a blueish glow instead of a bright white . It barely fills the need I have to light a specific area that is not large but it pails in comparison to those who are used to the standard electric bulp type set up .
 Yes , I saw the reviews . Yes , I believed that I , Mr. Amazon could magically make the light work for an extended period of time since I am an Electrical Engineer . Yes ... I was completely wrong . I wasted my money . This light is a joke . Believe the reviews . You have been warned .
 Great service from Amazon , as usual ! However , this product is extremely unreliable . First unit stopped working after a few days and replacement unit failed after the first 2 hours . Ended up just getting my money back .
 Followed the instructions exactly and this light worked for two nights , then started blinking and clicking during the day . Read the trouble-shooting portion of the guide that came with it and discovered the solar panel was getting too much light . Instructions were to `` cover '' part of the solar panel . Instead , I turned the solar panel so it would n't receive so much sunlight . That did n't help . So I took the light down , brought it inside and let it `` rest '' for a week . Carefully re-installed it and guess what ? It worked perfectly during the day , but not during the night -LRB- at all -RRB- ! Who needs a security solar light during the day ? Not me . Now , after starting all over for yet another time , the light wo n't do anything at night , but still occasionally comes on during the day . I give up .
 POOR CONSTRUCTION . FLIMSY SWITCH . HAD TO RETURN THE FIRST ONE AS IT NEVER WORKED OUT OF THE BOX . . THE REPLACEMENT QUIT WORKING AFTER THE FIRST RAIN IN LESS THAN A MONTH . DO NOT KNOW IF THERE IS A WARRANTY AT ALL TO THIS PRODUCT . STAY AWAY
 4 of the 5 leds no longer work after only a month and the one that does work blinks constantly
 Followed instructions but item did not work . I should have listened to the reviews ! Good customer service on the refund though .
 out of 7 I have had after a month only 3 work ... poor support from manufacture , no contact info I have to look it up and then call information for the phone number , the phone is not on box , website or manual ... cheap junk ... stay away ...
 I ordered this meter because I really wanted something that would do it all . This unit has a great combination of features for the price.Unfortunately some of those features did not work `` out of the box '' . If you take a closer look , the quality of the meter is not bad , but as you would expect , it does not compare with the professional meters . I am one of those people who buys a tool and expects it to last a lifetime and so I decided to give up the thermocouple , spend a lot more money and bought a Fluke . The price was considerably higher , but I was replacing a digital meter and an analog meter that both had died , so I felt it was time to bite the bullet and get the better meter .
 Product arrived with no test leads , Type K temperature prob.Description clearly indicated they should be included Without those , it is not functional . Test Leads and probe online is almost the price of the whole unit . Very disappointed .
 Multimeter seems to work fine and has good build quality . Great deal at 20 bucks.My only complaint is that the continuity beep is terribly static-y which ended up being a big deal for me . I felt that I needed to hold the probes and sometimes move them around on the contacts to get the continuity beeper to work . The beep sound it makes is pretty awful . I do n't think it is the speaker though , rather the signal going to it.I tried this one after I tried the MN35 ... which had the exact same problem.I am going to stay away from Extech for a while , I think the algorithm/circuit they use to check continuity is messed up .
 Got the meter and unpacked it . The display showed only OL or 00.00 as though the test leads were open circuit so I used one of my Fluke meters to test the leads . They were ok . The unit was open circuit on the circuit board probably.What really chapped my hide about this DOA meter is , it is an indication of the quality of the QC of their production line . Come on now DOA ? You ca n't even get a working meter out the door ? If anyone had even checked one of the features on it it would n't have gone out the door . So if you do n't mind buying a meter that is never even turned on once before it is shipped then go for it . This also explains the other complaints about accuracy . They slap 'em together and toss them out the door and you do n't even get a chance to dig through the pile to find a good one.I gave it 2 stars because if it had worked it would have been a reasonable meter for an extra one to carry in the truck or a backup . But if you got the cash go for a Fluke . I have never gotten a bad one .
 While the unit overall has a solid feel the accuracy lacks a bit . Mine read 4.95 volts for a precision 5.00 V . The temperature reading was off by 3F compared to a precision temp meter . I expected a better product from Extech.I returned this unit and bought a Fluke which costs about twice as much but has the accuracy I need .
 This was great to begin with . Then the selector switch started doing odd things . You have to wind it back and forth to get it to register voltage.My original review waxed lyrical about how awesome it was -LRB- see below -RRB- ... but this is now ready for the trash after only 15 months light hobby use.Also , the end of the temperature probe fell off and `` browned '' during the testing of an oven ... . I was no where near the maximum temperature range of the probe.The Amazon returns window is only 1 month.Back to fluke for me !! My original review : ----------------- I have always had Fluke multi meters but decided I 'd see what I could get at the lower end of the market.This little meter works perfectly and I particularly like the bang you get for your buck.From the non contact voltage detector to temperature probe to the capacitance and frequency meters . It all works well enough for you to figure things out and that 's what it is all about!An excellent hobby level multimeter . 5 stars !
 This item claims that it 's auto shut off but I have n't used this item for a while few months to a year and when I tried to turn it on , the battery went dead .
 Have one of these sets that I bought for less than $ 50 , complete with a jigsaw , flashlight , drill etc. . One battery and it now wo n't take a charge . So what should I do with all these tools ? Ca n't find anyone on the internet with a replacement battery , either .
 Check out a wallpaper book called Hip Kids , page 30 , it has a wall border that matches the Arcadia set perfectly called Plum Safari wall border , much better than the one that is suppose to come with the set .
 I got this border as a gift to go with the barnyard bedding we also registered for . While the border is cute , and is a WONDERFUL addition to our nursery , it was very difficult to put up . We followed the directions to a `` t '' , but for some reason , the top edge was not sticking . It looked like there was no glue on this part of the border . So , we figured out a trick ... wet the border , and put on the wall where you want it . Wait for about 10 minutes and start pushing the glue FROM THE BOTTOM . With glue at the top -LRB- glopping out of the top -RRB- , wait for another 10 minutes or so . THEN push out the rest of the glue . We still needed to work the top edge with a damp cloth for a good while , but it did eventually stick.So , while the border is cute , be ready to spend an entire afternoon putting it up .
 If your interested in saving money JcPenney offers this pattern also . the 3pc . set at babies R Us is $ 179.99 when at Jc Penney its 129.99 . At Babies R Us you have to buy the lamp and shade separately 34.99 for the lamp and 14.99 for the shade . At Jc Penney its 39.99 for the whole lamp . So far I have found that you save about $ 60 by getting Barnyard from Jcpenney . And the $ 60 you save would buy you a portable swing if you did n't already have one .
 I love this set -- I 've invested in almost all of the cute little accents that are offered . However , my experience with this border was horrific . First of all , I was assuming that the border was a self-adhesive -LRB- easy on , easy off -RRB- material . Every single other child 's room border I 've ever bought has been . There was nothing on the wrapping for this product that said differently . That being said , it was a total mess to try to get this up on the walls . We soaked it for 10 seconds , as recommended , and ended up with dripping streaks of gray glue down our walls as we scrambled to get the soggy mess adhered -LRB- straight and without bubbles -RRB- to our walls . We finally gave up and pulled the whole thing down before it could dry completely and ruin our paint.They should offer this product in a non-permanant version . Or , at the very least make it clear that this is true WALLPAPER !
 I love the design -- but , there is no information . The description does not include the length of the border or whether or not it is pre-pasted . Without further information , I ca n't purchase the product !
 Can anyone who has recently purchased the wallborder provide the lenght of the roll ? Unfortunately the manufacturer description does not provide this information . Thanks .
 Might be a good saw , do n't know . It arrived here with broken trunnion and bent handles and metal , three weeks ago and I am still waiting for them to pick it up to return it so I can get a refund . Not happy .
 Listen , I 'm a Red Sox fan so I had to buy this . But it is a big disappointment . Unlike any other lava lamp in the world , it has an ugly coil of metal at the bottom , and reaching up a few inches . I suppose it 's intended to spread the heat around -LRB- funny ; no other lava lamp needs this -RRB- . In any case , you can always see the spring . It 's AWFUL . Adding to this , my first one did n't work at all and they had to send me another one . The base is cheap plastic , and the Red Sox logo was put on crooked . This is a total piece of junk . Do n't buy it .
 This plate was less than average quality and it was undersized from what I had ordered before from another seller . The paper was coming loose around the edges and I can see white on the edge . I had to repaint the screws to match the color of the switchplate .
 When I first purchased this product , I thought that it would be really good . I liked the layout and the features . Having one outlet bank on a surge protector and one bank on backup battery was just what I wanted.The sad part was that the battery did n't last very long , even though it was n't put to the test very much . When I needed it most , the battery was n't working and I did n't get any warning . So in the long run , it did n't do the job that I wanted it for . I ca n't recommend it at all .
 Lasted 2 years but weak and could not replace battery with a new one . I even replaced a fuse . I have a 500 HP that I got from an office company . It lasted about 3 years and batteries are replaceable and unit functions . APC one still working another needs new battery . So I do not have a good recommendation for this particular unit .
 I had quite a difficult time finding the correct gasket for the odd , wall-mounted toilet in basement . This one fit like a charm.This appeared to be a well manufactured gasket and arrived quickly and was undamaged . That it arrived quickly and in good shape is just as important as it being well made to start with . Replacing it is a stinky job that you do not want to have to redo . So get it done right the first time with a good quality gasket.Update
 I was hoping to use two of these inline with each other , but due to the amount of water pressure needed to power these , there was barely any spray -LRB- maybe 6 feet ! -RRB- .
 I received 2 thermostats as ordered but upon opening and reading instructions found that the thermostat must be installed by a professional rather than a homeowner . i called Honeywell and received a poor conversation and discussion concerning the installation and was not aware that homeowner could not install or would get installation assistance from Honeywell .
 Honeywell TH8321 VisionPro programable multistage heat pump dehumidification digital thermostatI installed a new furnace and air conditioning system . I selected this thermostat based on Honeywell 's propaganda . Both the furnace and thermostat were installed by a professional HVAC technician . My C H E A P programmable thermostat did the same thing as the Honeywell 's advance settings are blocked by Honeywell to consumers -LRB- I called and got off shore representative and eMailed -RRB- . The professional HVAC tech said the thermostat was set correctly . My very good heating and air conditioning system is impeded by the thermostat . Poor customer response to needs . Save money and go to Lowe 's or Home Depot .
 Initial system came with 3 of these units -- since installation 2 have burned out or become defective . Still under warranty -- had to pay $ 100 service call to have them replaced .
 parts look great but they are the wrong ones , i asked before ordering but did not fit , i used the handles anyway . to ship them back cost too much so i just used the handles .
 I was dissapointed in this product . The cross section is not as shown in picture . The `` T '' flanges at the top are different widths . Be aware , and no way to tell from the described dimensions .
 AceHardwareOutlet is excellent with shipping and service , however this product is n't so excellent . The first unit failed after one day . Ace immediately sent a replacement . The second unit worked for a week and began behaving erratically . It either does n't turn on , or wo n't turn off , but then it also turns itself on . I have fresh batteries , no other electronics that would interfere and followed all the directions . Can not recommend .
 Confused to buy it again and do not recommend to anyone who does not know what exactly it requires to replace
 If it worked perfectly , I would like it . However , it arrived slightly damaged -LRB- I used super glue instead of going through the return process -RRB- and that worked just fine . But now , after just two weeks of having it on my desk and using it approximately 8 hrs/day , the bulb is flashing in and out -LRB- I 'm assuming to tell me it needs to be replaced -RRB- . I should have returned it from the start .
 The light bulb did not last long and the arm kept falling down no matter how tightened it was .
 Nice looking lamp but the adjustable arm on this lamp can not hold the lamp 's weight . Therefore it just bends over . What a piece of junk .
 Very flimsy gauge of copper not much thicker than aluminum foil . Might be good for some applications but not for mine .
 Torin TB202 Tool Chest with 3 Drawers - 2 PieceHad i known how cheap this was made i would never have ordered it . Very flimsy tin and i could n't find any bearings like was stated in the description . Bottom door was bent from the drawer unit flopping around inside . Could n't find any double wall metal as stated in description . Very poor packaging . Would not recommend at any price . Unusable - Am returning item
 Buyers beware of the protected equipment claim -LRB- $ 75,000 repair or replacement -RRB- -- it is apparently worthless . Had $ 1100 damge to plasma tv and home theater receiver which the factory approved repair technician certified was caused by lightning surge through the properly connected Monster PowerCenter ; filed the claim and returned the device to Monster Cable which then took 6 weeks for them to deny claim . Do your research and you will find that there are much less expensive and higher joule rated supressors available , although I do n't know if they would do any better at protecting your equipment . In addition avoid the claims by salesmen -LRB- such as at Best Buy about signal reduction in lower priced HDMI cables -- Consumer reports found there is no difference . Digital signals are either on or off there is nothing to degrade . Expensive lesson for me .
 I have owned two of these now . I have a TV , DVD , 5 Disc player and Tuner plugged into it . After about 6 months the `` Resettable '' thermal blows and will not reset . No warrently info in the box . I guess I got what a I paid for . Another piece of junk from China .
 I 've had the AV700 for about a year and a half now -LRB- though mine is gray , not like the one in the pic here on Amazon -RRB- and tonight plugged a small space heater into it . It 's below 20 degrees in NYC this evening , so I put the heater on high and after about 20 minutes , my TV , Blu-Ray and all my other AV equipment -LRB- all plugged into the AV700 -RRB- lost power . I unplugged everything from the AV700 , and searched around for some obvious way to reset the thing since the light inside the power switch was still on . No joy . What 's worse is that in the middle of the night on a Friday -LRB- right now -RRB- I ca n't seem to pull up -LSB- ... -RSB- to see if I can find instructions that will tell me how to reset the thing . The site keeps timing out , even though Amazon came up in a snap . I even tried Google 's cache of -LSB- ... -RSB- and , again , no joy.So , in the end , if this thing is only usable once ? It 's a total waste of money . Sure , there are times when it may get fried , but from a handful of standard AV appliances and a space heater ? Seems pretty lame to me . I suggest finding a different , better power strip to protect you AV stuff with .
 This piece of junk can not be reset once it kicks , and good luck trying to find a manual or answer online . Not worth it .
 I had some of the same neg . experience as other customers . The Best Buy guys push it , but it does not live up its promise . I , too , put a small space heater in and it blew after ca. 20 min . And then I found out that the reset button DOES NOT WORK ! Now , I admit , I do not know if you should not put juice hogs in , but then they should tell you !
 i bought this product from pj tool & supply to clean and polish watchbands and small pieces of jewelery , i am not sure if the seller swapped the product for a cheaper quality bars because i received them all broken in a bag no paper no name no card no nothing but i can only review what i know , these bars are only paraffin , no abrasive to get the job done , you have to depend on the speed and heat of the buffer wheel to get some results , i have been using abrasives for a few years and i know what i am saying , if you are depending on this product even for small home jobs think again , better get some at sears its a little more money but you will use a fraction of the time and polish , hope this helps anyone who has not bought yet ,
 This product arrived in a single bubble-wrap envelope , NOT in the carded blister pack as displayed on the product page!Unfortunately , all six grits of the polishing compound were shipped side-by-side in the envelope with no individual covering of any kind.This means the different grits have contaminated each other , and any attempts to use them as is for high-quality buffing and polishing would result in work marred by scratches.Each bar of compound must now be carefully scraped on all surfaces and the removed material disposed of . Time and money wasted!I recommend selecting a different supplier who will appropriately package the product kit for shipping .
 Clay was repackaged and dried out . It was completely unusable . Sent in a request for return with no response . I will not buy anything from them again .
 The only other place I 've purchased polishing compound was Sears . Those bars came it a partitioned box which I used for years.These come in a piece of plastic -LRB- one bar broken already -RRB- which ca n't really be used to store the bars . The compound itself does n't look very high quality either -- not like the picture at all . It appears to be mostly parafine with only a little abrasive added . I 'm going back to the Sears brand .
 Cheap look , cheap quality paper . Thankfully it was for my own bathroom , so house guests do n't get to see it !
 I recently ordered 3 of these based on the description , `` Our registers feature steel dampers which are powder coated after being cut to length so no exposed ends exist where rust can form . The dampers are then screwed to the solid cast brass cover so as to be removable for future maintenance if needed ... '' However , these are merely faceplates and do not come with a damper , so do not offer the functionality as described.Otherwise , they appear to be decent quality and of solid construction . The faceplate is nicely polished . Of note , the actual outer dimension is 7 1/4 '' W x 12 15/16 '' L.
 I purchased 5 of these for my therapy dept. Out of that 5 , 3 are broken . The plastic is cracking on all of them and they are barely 3 monthes old . I thought I might save a little and buy a different brand but it backfired and now I wasted money on these and have to buy more for them and get the ones i should have gotten in the first place . DO NOT purchase these if you will be using them daily as they will not hold up .
 I thought I was getting a good deal when this came with two goniometers . The large one is made of brittle plastic and broke within a week . The small one is so flimsy & small that it 's pretty much useless .
 The goniometers will melt in a hot car . Also the arms are not stiff enough that when you move the range to measure it will not stay in place for have accurate reading , esp when trying to measure a stroke patient with increase tone and measure prom .
 If you 've seen or used one goniometer , you 've seen or used them all . Except this one , which has a big , blue , honking `` Prestige Medical '' logo on the protractor dial . -LRB- There 's sure no logo in the picture of the product . -RRB- This looks like something that would be handed out for free at a trade show . I 'm wondering why I was charged for the privilege of advertising for this company ? It 's too much trouble to send back , and it works fine , so I 'll keep it . But if you want a plain-vanilla 12-inch goniometer , do n't buy it from this vendor .
 I thought it would be made of sturdier plastic , but rather flimsy . Worried it could snap with continued use . Nice size though .
 I put one these in my therapy bag and several days later the arms started to crack and break off . The last set of goniometers are bought were very flexible and never broke .
 i can go to the supply store and get those pumps alot less cheaper . you want to sell a used B&G series 100 for $ 199 i can get a brand new one for that price
 Although it seems like a good idea , a relatively inexpensive upgrade to a battery saving LED , it 's just not worth it . Beyond the inability to focus , you lose substantial illumination range , as with many basic LED 's . This is something novices to LED illumination do n't realize - unless you get a really good LED , the trade off for phenomenal `` bulb '' life , superior energy efficiency and potential output regulation -LRB- quality LED lights usually come with a regulating circuit that , after a typical early drop in light output will maintain steady output for a prolonged period before dropping off near battery end-of-life , unlike standard bulbs , which are brightest immediately upon putting in a new battery , then steadily drop in output until the battery 's dead -RRB- is the fact that basic LED 's are really just close in general illuminators . That 's what this is . You lose the MagLite 's reasonable `` throw '' and get a mediocre `` near beam . '' If you 're really looking for a super LED , look for lights with a `` Cree '' LED - as an example , see the Fenix L2D-CE -LRB- Cree Edition LED -RRB- . This light also uses 2 AA batteries , just like the MagLite , but go check out the reviews . Yes , it costs more , but it 's worth every penny !
 I too purchased this and found that you can not focus anymore . This upgrade will make your flashlight a short distance wide angle flood-light . It is not very bright at more than a few feet . I guess that 's why the batteries are supposed to last so long . The really disappointing part is when I went to put my original bulb back in , it fell right out ! The pins on this upgrade are larger than the standard bulb pins . So after removing this bulb , the contacts are spread out and will no longer hold the standard bulb tight . Customer support offered to have their engineers look at my flashlight if I were to mail it in -LRB- actually 2 flashlights ruined , I was dumb enough to try it in a second Minimag , duh ! -RRB- . Pass on this and buy a REAL L.E.D. flashlight for a few dollars more . You 'll be glad you did .
 this product is nice but exesively priced . Is n't better to buy a maglite with led for about $ 18 something with free shipping , that only this upgrade.For almost the same price you can get the flashlight
 I bought 2 of these hoses , just this spring -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . One has a crack and is leaking ; the female end on the other broke loose . Poor quality . The hoses are very convenient to use , but need to be made better .
 I have had this item for less than 60 days and the hose has a very large gash . This is not fixable or usable at this point . I realize the ones that I have purcased for far less at Target only a last a season or two , but at least I can return if it breaks within the first season of use . I am out $ 40 bucks and very displeased .
 The coil hose becomes to heavy to move easily once full of water . The coils create resistance against the ground and to not move easily or uniformaly . This is a `` do n't buy product '' .
 I bought the 25ft last year and loved it , so I bought a 50ft for the front . The swivel base leaks and I can not seem to make it stop . The 25ft did that for a while but I was able to stop it by moving the hose , but that does not work with the 50ft . The fitting looks flimsier than the hose I bought last year .
 Frustrating , gets all kinked up and very hard to manage . If I were n't so lazy I would send it back .
 Avoid this hose unless you want to wash your house since water comes out both ends . This is absolutely the worst hose I have ever used . There is no washer included , I thought that it as just out of error , so I exchanged it and the replacement was the same . So much water came out of the faucet side , only slightly less then the outlet end . For the price of this hose , you would n't begin to imagine that you would have to go to a hardware store seeking a proper size washer before use.I had different hoses of various cost over my lifetime and never had to seek out a washer before use . What is worst you are not even advised to go buy a washer first . I was extremely dissatisfied and got a refund .
 Bought this last year and was very happy until I had to throw it out because it developed pin hole size leaks ... that should only happen after years and years of use , not 6-8 months
 The end of the hose -LRB- nozzle end -RRB- blew off the first time I connected the hose . Seems manufacturer forgot to crimp/secure the nozzle connector ... . Used a `` hose clamp '' to repair and utilize.Hose tends to kink-up/twist often.Disappointed .
 I bought this hose for $ 36 after looking at number of alternatives in stores and on Amazon.I selected this 1/2 inch , 75 ft. coil model for use in my garage and to wash cars . I thought that the advertised hose length would be more than adequate to cover a 19 ' length garage and a car in front of it . However , I just went to use the hose and discovered that because it is tightly coiled , the 75 ' hose only results in a maximum usable length of 20 ' . This results in a very costly hose that has very limited use . It wo n't cover the inside of the garage nor a car infront of it . My suggestion is do n't buy it and Amazon should change their product description to the real usable length of the hose . Currently their description is very deceiving .
 I should have followed the advice of the other reviewers . The connections on both ends of this hose seem to be made of a very flimsy aluminum . They can not make a good connection to the spigot or to the pistol-grip hose nozzle that I own . As a result , water sprays from both ends . I am so aggravated by it ! I rarely have time to write reviews but feel compelled to in this case . Please , save yourself money and aggravation . I will attempt to return it but who has the time to go through that paperwork and shipping hassle ?
 Buy it cheaper at discount stores . It tangles , kinks , and is cumbersome . Wrestling with it is irritating .
 usually have good things to say about milwaukee tools , this one however reconditioned did not satisfy . the clutch was defective right out of the box , i sent it to milwaukee repair and on return is better but still the clutch wo n't hold for drilling ...
 A junky product that is hard to maneuver and gives a poor light , stick with a product like Streamlight or any upscale lighting product .
 I purchased his hoping to keep rabbits and maybe squirrels from coming through my backyard fence to eat my lawn . This product is light bordering on flimsy and posed no challenge to the critters gnawing through it . It may be fine for other purposes , for what I wanted , it was worthless . I took it down and put up a thin gauge wire fence instead . Fingers crossed , it seems to be doing the job .
 Huge rip off . Go to Walmart and buy this for under ten dollars . This will not keep dogs out .
 This fence was much easier to work with than regular chicken wire . Unfortunately the rabbits found it much easier to chew through as well . It lasted about a week before I had to put regular chicken wire over top of it as the rabbits had chewed at least 5 holes in it .
 Very hard to use as cables are all different sizes and it is hard to get these to stay at right tension . A lot of unnecessary angst and frustration.Velcro ties are much easier to use and control . Velcro ties are also reusable . See Beilkin velcro cable ties . You wo n't be sorry ! I have already thrown out my package of these vinyl ones and have repurchased more of the velcro ties .
 I thought these ties could be reopened like some other ones I have . Oh well , they were still pretty cheap .
 Buy another brand of pads . These pads just do n't hack it . I used them to wax my boat using a Bosch R/O sander with a soft base pad . Love the sander - hate the buffing pad . The layer that sticks to the sander pad is not adhered to the buffing pad except around the outside perimeter . After a few minutes of use they just roll up in a ball.My wife took the time to hand stich the two layers together at a few points and that helped a lot but it should n't be necessary.I also have a PorterCable R/O sander -LRB- 6 '' -RRB- with pads that really work . I have n't tried any others yet .
 I went to the Bosch website to get the part number for the rip fence for my Bosch Circular saw . I purchased this item based on this part number . This Item does NOT fit my Bosch Saw . Make sure you know what you need and you get what you are looking for . This part may fit a Bosch saw but it does n't fit my saw . Due to the low cost of this item I am not going to bother returning it . I do n't know what is wrong the Bosch website or the part number given by the seller.If the part would fit my saw I would n't have any issues with it - made from heavy duty steel , looks great .
 I just bought the saw . I needed a saw to do heavy pruning that only a saw can do . Now I 'm trying to figure out what blade to buy . Nowhere does anyone tell me what this thing is for . On another blade , a reviewer said it was for wood , so I figure it will prune wooden branches . I 'll have to go slowly and be really careful not to bend it . Should n't they tell you what these things are good for ?
 took a long time to arrive Waxed harwood floors are much more difficult to make look fresh than acrylic or polyurethane floors , in my opinion . ANY water , even damp mop dulls the finish . Only swept or vacuumed leading to a dull , dusty finish within about 1 week . The Briwax company says that the only way to clean is to put more wax on -- how convenient -LRB- NOT ! -RRB- .
 the illustration and description state `` 24 oz '' yet they shipped a 13oz can about half of what was advertised - very dishonnest and misleading
 This product is not so great . I bought it for my mom for Christmas since she had been wanting one and it worked , but you have to do a lot of cranking to get it to hold a charge for even just 20 seconds . The little adaptor things for phones are really confusing , even for someone who is good with electronics . There are much better products out there that hold a better charge and are less of a pain to figure out . I got myself the two pack of `` Duracell Crank Light 3 in 1 , 3 LED Flashlight , Radio , Charger '' from Costco and it is awesome . If you only want this for the crank feature , it 's an ok product -LRB- if you 're okay with also using it for your daily workout -RRB- , but if you want to use the other features -LRB- which you probably do if you 're looking at a combo one -RRB- then you should get a different one . This one is lame .
 This is a piece of junk . I bought a few crank flash light as xmas gifts for families -- these are the worst of the worst . The first two came broken completely and the company offer to send me replacements . The replacements does not work as it said . It last less than 5 minutes instead of 30 minutes for cranking like more than 1 minutes . If this is an emergency , I think I would need to crank myself to dead to keep the lights up.With shipping added to this , you are paying the same price as this this `` Duracell Crank Light 3 in 1 , 3 LED Flashlight , Radio , Charger '' . The Duracell works great !! Cranking for 10 seconds you get your lights 10 plus minutes . The radio is fantastic also .
 Does n't hold the charge at all . Kaito KA404 Emergency Hand Crank Dynamo 5-LED Flashlight with AM/FM radio was much much better
 the duration of the load is a sweepings , does not last nor five minutes . although you pass ten minute giving him to knob of load , the lantern will go out soon . The radio has very bad signal and consumes fast the load still more.if you are in problems really will save to you , but you will have to be loaded at any moment .
 After a few charges it does n't hold onto the charge well at all . I would hate to have to depend on it in an emergency
 It was n't expensive , and I got what I paid for.I purchased tow of these for emergency flashlights/radios etc. . . But the quality is n't the best . I would recommend a more well know manufacturer for hardware .
 I bought 4 for gifts and the 30 year old gift receivers did not like them . I loved the cell phone charge capability as listed but it turns out the the hookup does not work for smart phones with the larger plugs . I guess they can still be used as an emergency light in the car when traveling but yesterday I saw that everyone left them in a pile at the home where we exchanged gifts -- they did n't want them at all and the packages were n't even opened .
 I purchased this last year and used it twice - even then it did not hold a charge for long - after about a 6 month storage of not using it - I pulled it out for Hurricane Sandy . 10 mins of cranking and guess what NO POWER - No Light , no radio no nothing ! What good is a crank radio that doesn ; t charge ? total crap - do not buy this product .
 The flashlight/radio/alarm is a good idea but there are a few things that this one lacks . The light is not very bright and the flashlight control does not lock into the off/one light/three light positions very efficiently . I found that I thought the light was off but it was still on . Also , the cell phone charging feature which could be very helpful , does not work with usb connectors .
 My neighbor has the manual version of this hose box , and I liked it except for the cranking while guiding the hose onto the reel part . It was awkward and a little hard on the back . I thought an electric winding version would be just the thing so I bought this . I really wanted it to work , but it has major flaws.It takes two arms and a leg to get the hose out . There is no release mechanism so you have to pull against the drive motor . I could only get about 3 ' of hose out per pull , and toward the end I had to open the top and turn the spool by hand . This is a deal killer , but wait , there 's more.There is a feeder like a fishing reel has to wind the hose on the reel . It frequently got out of sync with what was really happening to the hose on the spool , and would need to be disengaged , moved , and re-engaged . When re-engaging it can be tricky to make sure it is going the right way . The mechanism is cheap plastic . It ca n't avoid making the lump the hose makes where it is attached bigger on each pass . On the manual model you would normally skip this part on a wrap to get a nice even spool of hose.The hose connections are cheap plastic . The manual has warnings and there are stickers too - telling you to be careful not to cross thread your hose . There 's a reason . Cheap plastic parts with cheap plastic threads . The short piece of hose that feeds the box has to be twisted to attach because the fitting is so cheap it is n't even a coupler.The top is curved so you ca n't set anything on it . The manual box had a flat top . Handy . The spool is n't really big enough for 100 ' of hose . Maybe teensy hose . There is wasted space inside the box . With better layout the box size could be reduced and the reel size increased.The pedal you push on to actuate the electric drive is on the side at the back . It 's awkward to push it and see what 's happening inside . If you lift the top it wo n't run , so you have to look through the slit.To make this thing work you would need to relocate the foot pedal switch , add a reversing switch so it would also drive the hose out , eliminate the top safety switch so you could see inside easily with the top up , remove the mechanical feeder -LRB- which will give room for more hose on the reel -RRB- , and replace the fittings with brass . You might as well make a smaller box with a flat top too while you 're at it . That leaves the drive and battery as the only useful parts , and it would really be nicer to have a drive that disengaged ... I ca n't believe this thing is being sold . It 's shameful . The shipping killed me but I returned it . What a piece of junk .
 I thought this would be good for me , I am handicapped and have a hard time rewinding my hose . It not avery good product , it is very hard to unwind and very slow to rewind I think this product needs more research . I would not buy another one .
 What 's the use of a hose rewinder that rewinds okay , but fights you to unwind the hose . Do not even think about this product . Kudos to Amazon for making this return painless and cost-free .
 Do not buy this product . It is virtually impossible to pull the hose out and use it . The winder works great , but when trying to pull out the hose , you are pulling against the motor and the gears and it is very difficult to pull out the hose . I am trashing mine . I went out and bought a different suncast model that holds up to 150 feet of hose . You have to hand crank it but at least you can pull the hose out to use it .
 Very disappointed in this unit . While it is easy reel in the hose , it takes a tractor to pull it out . We had to pull so hard , it caused the hose to clamp on itself , and I had to open the top and pull the house out by hand . I think the problem is you are rotating the motor backwards . They should have made it so it would free wheel when going out -LRB- like a bike coasting -RRB- . We returned the unit .
 Virtually impossible to reel out the hose when it is stored because the container can not be secured to the ground firmly enough to prevent the entire container from moving and tumbling over . The rewinder works GREAT , however . If they should include a powder UNwinder , buy that unit !
 I originally purchased a PW100 power hose reel about about 4 years ago . Last month , the activation switch broke and , since it was out of warranty , I searched online for the switch and I found it $ 2.00 . Only problem the minimum order was 100 for the little sucker . So , I bit the bullet , and ordered a new one for $ 83.94 -LRB- Cheaper than $ 200.00 for 100 switches -RRB- . The new one arrived , big problem - it is very difficult to pull the hose out , I could barely do it , my wife could not . My original one was no problem . I took my new one apart to see what was up and discovered the Co. has `` re-engineered '' the product to save money . Original has metal bearings and fittings , the updated one is all plastic parts . I removed the switch from the new one and put it into my 4 year old model . -LRB- So a new switch ended up costing me $ 83.94 , but at least it works ! -RRB- Bottom line , do not buy this product , it is of very poor quality compared to the original design .
 The concept is probably pretty good but the construction is the chinzyest -LRB- my own word but you get the idea -RRB- I ever saw . Extremly difficult to unwind . The traverse shaft is positioned too far to the left causing the hose to overlap . I hope it lasts thru thos year . A poor product.Charles TinkerColumbiaville MI
 We had several hydro powered hose reels and they always leaked somewhere . This hose reel is awesome
 We should have paid attention to those reviews that pointed up the difficulty in extracting the hose from this unit . The amount of tension -LRB- pull -RRB- required to simply unwind the hose is unacceptable . Damage to the unit , if it is secured , seems to be a likely outcome . C'mon folks , you 've had enough complaints about this very issue ... fix it . We returned our unit the day after purchase and will not be looking at other Suncast products in the future .
 This is a horrible device.WASTES GALLONS OF WATER !!! sent mine back
 I really liked the idea of this product . I 'm returning it for 3Suncast PW100 Powerwind 100-Foot Capacity Automatic Rewind Garden Hose Reelreasons . The instructions suggest you have to remove the water from the hose before winding it up . This is to reduce the weight so the motor and handle it . They also suggest removing any attachments . To me that 's too much trouble . The final negative is that it cold areas it must be stored out of the freezing weather . I do not have room to store this . Too bad seemed like a good idea.Suncast PW100 Powerwind 100-Foot Capacity Automatic Rewind Garden Hose Reel
 The concept sounds great , but the motor would not turn . It took 1 hours to troubleshoot per the manual but that did not help . Took over 1 hour to contact the company who emailed more troubleshooting tips . That did not solve the problem . Took another hours to contact the company again , and they suggested that I return it to the store.Following their troubleshooting advice , I discovered that the design of the foot electrical-switch mounting and the motor axle bushing are prone to cause problems . And the handle for manual rewounding will be broken when someone -LRB- like the wife or kids -RRB- does not know to push down on the lock for the handle . Must read the manual in detail to know that the lock exist . Manual also suggest the the hose nozzle be removed and the hose be dragged back to the powerwinder before using the electrial winder . Hoping for a no-cost refund .
 Bought this about 3 or 4 years ago . My brother-in-law did too . Had nothing but trouble with the foot pedal that activates the rewind.He had the same problem . Tried looking for parts at Suncast , they do n't even have them , Is n't that convenient . No way to replace the switch.It was terrific when it was working right , now it 's a yard ornament . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM . .
 Hi , The cheapest part is the plastic hose male threads . I tried 3 hoses and stripped it eventually . I am in my 60 's and do know how to attach a hose and this part is really bad . I like the concept though and will make an attempt to get new threads before I return it .
 yeah , it doesnt unwindyeah , you ca n't leave it out in the rainyeah , you ca n't use it on your own when unwinding ityeah , you need to guide it when winding or it tangles upbut it does do its job ... kindatwo stars !!
 After spending hours and hours of adjusting , recharging and straining my back trying to pull the hose out -- I give up.I bought this winder last year and struggled with it for one season.This spring I tried to deal with it again and after another 5 to 6 hours of adjusting and internet time trying to figure out how to fix it ... . it will not work.The switches inside will not engage properly to get the motor to work . The belt that winds it will not release to let you unwind the hose.I have just put this item in the one place it belongs - in the trash.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK/CRAP . I GOT SCREWED .
 Do not buy this reel . Its impossible to unwind , I literally have to put one foot on the reel and pull with all my strength to get the hose to unwind . I use so much force that I have to put my foot on the top , otherwise the whole unit will pull with it . I 've tried two different hoses and three different times . My back was soar after each time . I 'd love to return this POS if I can . -LRB- i 've followed all instructions word for word , from start to finish -RRB- .
 I loved my 2-year old powerwind reel -LRB- same model -RRB- , worked perfectly , and ordered a second last summer . It was impossible to pull out the hose . I compared the belts on the older and newer reels , and discovered the interior measurement of the new belt was 1 '' smaller than that of the belt in my first reel -LRB- 17 '' instead of 18 '' -RRB- . Customer service acknowledged a change in manufacturer had resulted in problems , and sent me a new belt . Still 17 '' and too tight . Customer service has not returned my call asking for an 18 '' belt replacement . The reel is useless without it .
 You can not unwind the hose - it is virtually impossible . We have tried everything and still no luck.Last year we bought a different brand and absolutely loved it , this one is TERRIBLE.Would give it NO stars if that was even possible .
 This is a horrible hose reel . I bought for my elderly mother thinking what a great invention ... . step on the peddle and the hose rewinds ... . the problem is you ca n't get the hose out ! Even my son and husband tried and unless 2 people are holding the reel down and a VERY strong person is pulling the hose out , it 's next to impossible to get the hose out . I tried 3 different styles of hoses thinking it would help . Nothing worked . I 'm shipping back today and paying the cost , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 It is not too bad for use as a storage box outside but whenever anyone other than my kids sit on it the entire lid/seat bows in and I 'm afraid it going to break . I would n't suggest anyone weighing more than 150lbs sit on it often .
 I bought 2 other storage boxes that work well along with this bench . I feel this selection is not a quality of a product for a few reasons :1 -RRB- the seat slants back a bit so any rain water will drip into the back of the storage .2 -RRB- Since its a bench , you assume 2-3 people should be able to sit on the bench but I sat in the middle with my baby in my arms and the sides -LRB- arms -RRB- of the bench opened out and the whole middle of the seat fell inward . We had a very good laugh but it sure scared the bajesus of our baby . There should be some screw fasteners so the arms can not separate front he seat . This is something I could easily do myself but I will downgrade the usage of this bench and place it on the side of the house as a pool hose and toy holder . Not so much to protect from the rain but the sun .3 -RRB- The product as a hole seams a bit cheap to look at , even as we ordered very nice cushions for it.So I 've ordered a regular park bench style seating to replace this seat.Again I feel the storage boxes I 've purchased from Suncast look and work nicely but the bench , not so much .
 Although the bench is wide enough for 2 people , the bench does n't support 2 people ! The quality of plastic is thin & bows easily . I began to worry as I assembled the bench because in sliding the pieces together , the plastic was not rigid and was difficult to fit together - the pieces kept flexing.We bought this bench to use on our pontoon boat . Whenever 2 people sit on it , the plastic bends & the seat falls in ! We end up sitting on the edge just to make sure the seat does n't fall in again . And it does n't matter if it 's 2 adults or 2 children - the seat still falls in ! Embarrassing for our guests , as well as for us . Very disappointed .
 not the best buy i have donesave your moneyvery cheaply madebought all 3 pcsall made the same way
 We bought this item to use for storage -LRB- as it was intended -RRB- . Whenever it rains everything inside gets wet . We thought the purpose was to keep things stored and dry . The water just sits in container until we empty it . Would not recommend it for outdoor use .
 This is the worst rip off I have ever purchased . It is flimsy , and it was embarrasing when my NOT OVERWEIGHT niece sat on it and the seat collapsed and she fell into the bench . The pegs on the side bend , the bench does not keep water away from the inside . Overall this is the worst product I 've purchased online , and I purchase many items on line .
 I easily assemble many products but this was a DIFFICULT product to put together . The so called snap in place pieces kept popping apart . EVERY time you got one side together the other side would pop apart . My pieces did not snap into position and I finally needed 3 people to really force and maneuver the pieces together resulting in a small break and the pieces never did totally snap into place . The main problem was the bottom and sides did not snap together , they seemed to `` rest in place '' but did not hold , making it nearly impossible to snap the other pieces on . I also tried a rubber mallet , as recommended by another reviewer but that did not work at all and i would n't suggest it . I would recommend another product . For this to be a truly useful and excellent product it needs to truly `` snap '' in place and assemble with ease . Also It is not very sturdy and many of the little snap-in pieces never did SNAP into place .
 I can only say that the second large piece needed for assembly is n't in the box ... so one star for now .
 Despite seeing mixed reviews , I ordered the Sunset PB6700 Patio Bench and received it yesterday . The instructions seemed easy and staight forward . However , I began to second guess myself when the pieces did n't fit together like they should . The warning about the customer being responsible for breaking parts during installation caused me to be particularly cautious . If I had n't used a rubber mallet -LRB- as suggested in an earlier review -RRB- , I 'd still be working on the assembly or would have broken something . After 30 minutes into the assembly process and still on step one , my wife pointed to a note on the box advising that the assembly could be completed in 5 minutes . That might be possible if the parts fit together like they should , but they did n't . It took me well over an hour to complete the assembly and I was n't satisfied with the way the parts fit together even after that time . The final kicker was that the assembled bench was smaller that I anticipated and was n't large enough to store the cushions for the futrniture on our deck . I ended up moving the assembled bench to our lower patio where there are fewer cushions that need to be stored . I moved up a larger but less attractive plastic storage box from our patio to the deck . The Patio Bench is reasonably attractive and ok in its new location . However , it does n't seem real sturdy and I doubt that it will be water tight . My guess is that buying this product is hit or miss . If the plastic parts are precisely manufactured and have n't warped , it may be easy to assemble , sturdy and water tight . If not , oh well . . Amazon Purchased
 My father-in-law purchased this product for storage at his in-law apartment at my residence . Naturally , my hubbie and I had the lack of pleasure assembling this cheap piece of garbage . It 's been an hour and the pieces do not go together smoothly ! I would not recommend this product to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this was a terrible product to put together
 The parts are rather ill fitting and warped . The illustrations in the directions could be better . Finally got it together and it 'll work , I guess . I do n't expect it to last long , we 'll see . Not as durable as I expected , not likely to buy another product from this company .
 I purchased this bench about three weeks ago and side part cracked right away . Ill fitting lid and generally just a peice of junk . I just got a Rubbermade bench and put it together in under four minutes , extra time taken because of Newfoundland helping . Very sturdy , no thin parts to crack . I am stuck with the Suncast as it is never worth a return on a larger item , but it is a good lesson . Rubbermade has always had a good name and I should have remembered that and searched it out first . I also paid less for the Rubbermade -LRB- $ 99 @ Ace Hdwr -RRB- and would have paid more for it to get such a better product , and got free sh for pick up at local store . I had been looking online at the Suncast storage shed and read reviews here how it was not so good . I should have taken that into account as to the quality of their products . Buyer beware . I am going to get another Rubbermade as I am sure the Suncast will not last down at the lake and I want this Rubbermade for my deck . Hope this helps , I love the Amazon review site , it really helps to get the straight info from real shoppers , not salespeople .
 I purchased the Suncast Patio Bench about a month ago - I had planned on using it to store our patio chair cushions when it rained . And , although the cushions did fit into it nicely , when we had our first rainfall all of the cushions got sopping wet and there was about 6 '' of water in the bottom.This may be fine if you 're just looking to purchase something that will go with your outdoor decor for some extra seating , but if you plan on using it to protect your cushions -LRB- or any other items -RRB- from the rain , I would not recommend it.Because of the problems we had with this Suncast Patio Bench , I wound up purchasing the Suncast Deck Storage Box with Seat & Gas Spring Lid Mechanism and this one works wonderful ! It 's not only a lot roomier , but it keeps everything in it protected from the elements .
 This bench/storage leaks like a sieve . Had rain on Monday , and did n't check it for a couple of days , and all the cushions were mildewed ! Had too turn it over to dump the water ! OK for outdoor toys but not cushions ! Would return it if it was n't so much trouble to take it apart .
 I paid 91.74 each . I bought 2 . Very very disappointed , Very flimsy , If a adult sat on this I think it would collaspe . Chair cushions are way to big to fit . Small storage . I buy a lot on Amazon and this is the first time I regret my purchase . These should sell for no more than 39.99 tops .
 having purchased the suncast patio benchbecause it was long enough to store our camp chairsand assembling a snap together bench made of plasticI placed it on our deck and placed the fold up campchairs inside , then came the rain about 2 inches per hourthe next day I went out and sat on the bench and fell throughnot only was I a little upset at the seat/lid caving inthere was water inside the storage space and the fold up chairs were wet.if you buy this product remember it is not water tight and you betterbe careful sitting down you might end up in the storage area .
 This product is flimsy and not water tight . The first one I got was warped and missing a major piece -LRB- returned it -RRB- . The next one I sat on after putting it together and it almost fell into itself -LRB- returned it and gave up -RRB- .
 This product was packaged well and I put it together in 15 minutes . However , it is NOT water tight . I put it together and put it out on my back porch . That night it rained . I went out the next morning and looked inside the storage area . There was about three gallons of water inside . So I have a nice plastic seat , however , I can not use it for what I wanted , which was keeping my charcoal in it .
 while it was easy to put together , it is alraady warped in less than one month ! I wanted this item for 5 years and it wasn ' f what I thought !
 Damaged in multiple places from shipping . No packaging in box to protect the very flimsy material during shipping . Pieces still fit together pretty easily even with warping and damage . Looks OK and felt sturdy enough for sitting as long as the person does not shift weight around . Would have rated a 3 without shipping damage because of the cheap material and poor fitting lid/seat .
 This is not a very good product . They are a lot of ones on the Market that are bigger and a lot more durable than this for less money . Do not waste your money on this ...
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I wanted oil to seal my cutting boards ; this product is for furniture.It has a strong odor and is not made for cooking surfaces.Good for furniture only .
 I got the first one . it was packed extremely poorly and was bent in the middle.I finally got hold of someone in customer service . They said they were going to send me a return label -LRB- never got it -RRB- . I finally sent it back on my own dime . New one arrived with MUCH better packaging . I opened it up and it was twisted AND bent in the middle . It was impossible to repair . This time I called and they actually sent me a return mail label . I packaged it up again and drove to UPS to send it back . Luckily they noticed that the label was incorrect . It showed my info for both the sending and receiving address ! So if I would have sent it out it would have came back to me.I called the company again , left message , never heard back from them.So I am out the original cost plus mailing plus mailing it back charges.I finally went over to my local office store and just bought one there
 I bought these to mount some in-wall cabling for my entertainment center and was really disappointed in the quality of the amazon ` suggested purchase ' setup that I was looking at . Lowe 's and Home Depot sell metal ones that seem a bit more flimsy but are WAY easier to install and manage -- I 'd suggest you check that out way before you go with these .
 Extremely cheap , the display was messed up and when I squeezed it , it would temporarily be fixed . I did n't even bother to return this , just threw it away and accepted the loss .
 A couple of years ago I tried it and it would n't stick . I just had to do some new work and I followed the instructions exactly . It looked great for a day and then started peeling away . Do n't waste you money on this crap . I am guessing that the guy with the positive review is a company plant as I ca n't find any tricks that work.Rick
 This product worked fine for one day.After that it begin to pull away from the wall and top of tub , will have to try another brand .
 As the other reviewers noted , this JUNK does not work . You can prep the wall to your heart 's content ; clean it , dry it , clean it again , dry it again , etc , etc and this stupid stick on trim will pop right off after a few days.If you want to seal the gap between tile and tub you really should n't be using this stuff . Just use regular caulk or silicone caulk . If you have oddly designed tub walls that might flex and move -LRB- say cheap , old lenolium walls for example -RRB- you are probably better off simply gluing some regular vinyl trim over the gap . You know , the same kind of trim that people put around their bathroom floors . I would use some very strong glue , maybe even epoxy , to glue the trim to the old walls . I would not glue the trim to the tub itself . I would just caulk along the bottom of the trim where the trim touches the tub . If you do n't care at all about the tub then you could go ahead and epoxy the trim to the tub as well . Note
 Save your money and frustration - this product simply does n't work . I followed the instructions precisely and the trim just does n't stick - it pulls away leaving a gap . You can keep pressing it back in firmly and it stays for 5-10 minutes , then it gradually pulls away again . Over and over again .
 Agree with the other reviews . I hate to caulk so this seemed like a good solution . We installed this on a tub per the instructions -- even used goo gone to clean prior to installation . The tape just does n't hold onto the tub/tile wall and it also left gaps in the grout lines that honestly did n't look very good at all . Twelve hours later , we are on our way to the store for some caulk .
 This stuff looks great when first applied . But it comes loose right away and gets worse over time . I am still searching for something that works .
 I tried this product in my main bathroom about 3 years ago and it 's just plain terrible . The caulk strip does n't stay put . After a couple of days , it starts to come undone . Why this manufacturer markets this product as suitable for bathtub caulking is beyond me . I recommend just using traditional regular caulk when you want to caulk your tub instead of this garbage . NOT recommended .
 This product looked great and was easy to apply but after the first shower it began to pull away from the wall and top of tub . Having to remove the product is no easy task either ! I would never buy another product like this ever again . It 's easier to just use caulk !
 As with the other Magic tub surround I reviewed , this is garbage . No amount of prep work will ensure that it sticks . The tiny bit of adhesive strips ca n't compete with the pull of the plastic out of shape and it would n't even seal momentarily.Save your money and just do caulking instead . One magazine said to run an ice cube after you caulk as a way to get a smooth finish without getting your fingers dirty . In any case , do n't buy this.I hope you find this review helpful and save some $ $ $ $ and hassle .
 I bought same stuff at Lowe 's and it just does n't work . Same company years ago sold a 20 foot roll x 2 3/8 '' which worked FABULOUS and really dressed up the tub and shower . Shame they do n't make it like that any more .
 NOT ENOUGH ADHESIVE.DOES NOT WORK.WAISTING MONEY.VERY CHEAP STUFF.BALOONEY.NOT RECOMENDED.DO NOT BUY.I AM GOING TO RETURN IT . GARBAGE.JUST ADVERTISEMENT.BETTER LOOK FOR ANOTHER BUYER
 I used it on the floor between tub & linoleum . Looked great ... for about a week . Then started pulling away and flattening out . Followed directions exactly . It 's absolute junk . Do n't waste your $ .
 I followed the instructions exactly and yet , the next day , it 's coming away from the wall in spots and leaking . Not happy .
 I thought this product would solve my caulking issues . Very wrong . I applied it per the instructions to the letter . The bulges appeared as soon as we took our first shower . Great concept , but it does n't work .
 Strip split down the middle as I was pushing it down with my fingers to adhere it . And removal of the broken strip and the surrounding strips was very easy . Too easy . This product is poor quality . Just accept the fact that you 're going to have to run a bead of caulk and spend the time and money that you would have spent using this on practicing with your caulking gun . WORTHLESS
 I have waited until I cooled off before answering this . I ordered this bit to replace a damaged bit in my old set of Irwin bits.What I got insted was a piece of crap !!! It is not a good old American Irwin bit , like the bits in my set . But rather a bit made for Irwin in BRAZIL , and apparently without any specifications or `` QUALITY '' control . The bit was not only machined poorly -LRB- tool and foundry marks -RRB- but the black foundry slag was still on the lead screw , cutting head and spurs . To that add a big 1/4 '' flat spot ground on the outside face of one of the spurs . I blame Irwin for going un-American , like other greedy so called American tool makers ; try Stanley or Nicholson to name a few . And I blame them for not keeping the standard of quality that was set by the American worker over 100 years ago.I would return this pice of junk , but the time and trouble in doing so ismore to me than the refund.Tom Fitz
 The item description of the particular one that I purchased was misleading . Reading it I thought this was the adapter to fill the small tanks from a large one . This is not the case . I have not checked to see what the description says now . The item may or may not work for its actual purpose , it has no function in my set up .
 I bought this set after using an identical set working for Apple , Inc. as this is a standard set of tools for use in repair facilities . I purchased this when going to work for the state school system in repair of PC 's where the set was in my desk drawer for over a year only being used occasionally for repair of laptops and desktops . This was my go too kit even though when I got it the rotation was a bit off center , I adjusted and used them without much issue until about 2 weeks ago I took the kit out of the drawer in my personal office to find all of the bits with rust on them . In Wiha 's defense , I did move from one region to another and it may be a bit more humid here than my prior climate , but I was told that this is normal for a humid climate and that I should just `` clean them with a light oil . '' Meanwhile , a $ 8 similar set that was purchased has been a `` mobile '' set that I 've used in various conditions for the same amount of time and they 've been exposed to salt water and all kinds of crazy conditions without any corrosives forming on them . It 's a real disappointment and I really have loved Wiha in the past , but I ca n't give this set a good review as the quality seems to be very lacking for this particular set .
 I have waited until I cooled off before answering this . I ordered this bit to replace a damaged bit in my old set of Irwin bits.What I got insted was a piece of crap !!! It is not a good old American Irwin bit , like the bits in my set . But rather a bit made for Irwin in BRAZIL , and apparently without any specifications or `` QUALITY '' control . The bit was not only machined poorly -LRB- tool and foundry marks -RRB- but the black foundry slag was still on the lead screw , cutting head and spurs . To that add a big 1/4 '' flat spot ground on the outside face of one of the spurs . I blame Irwin for going un-American , like other greedy so called American tool makers ; try Stanley or Nicholson to name a few . And I blame them for not keeping the standard of quality that was set by the American worker over 100 years ago.I would return this pice of junk , but the time and trouble in doing so ismore to me than the refund.Tom Fitz
 The heater was fine for a few weeks but then it stopped working properly . It shuts off after 2-3 minutes of working -LRB- it is not overheating -RRB- then will not come back on for another 5-10 minutes . When it does come back on it shuts off again in 2-3 minutes time .
 This heater turns off automatically way too fast -LRB- must be tripping overheat shut-off -RRB- . Will not even run for more than 2-3 minutes at a time . It will then take about 5 minutes to cool down enough to turn back on . Go with something else unless you like your heat in extremely short bursts .
 The router set is great but since my purchase in November 2009 , the price has dropped from $ 171 to $ 149 and Amazon does NOT guarantee the price . For this reason , I do not rate this item high . Buy elsewhere so that you can receive a price guarantee /
 For a toilet that is more than $ 800 this thing should be a powerhouse . I order 4 of them from my plumbing supply -LRB- Kohler does n't sell direct -RRB- and they were installed in my new house . I noticed that the flushing was extremely weak and had several plumbers look at them to see if they were installed incorrectly . I also called Kohler support for help.After a lot of review it seems they are working as designed - they just have an extremely weak flush.I called Kohler to try to get an authorized refund and they authorized me to get 4 replacement toilets -LRB- the same exact ones -RRB- . I told them that was crazy and they should at least let me have other Kohler toilets and they said no.I am now in the process of writing Kohler upper management . From my perspective Kohler is awful and I will never buy their products again.Look at Toto toilets and other products . Kohler is overpriced and designed horribly . Looking nice means nothing if you ca n't flush things down .
 Purchased this toilet in 2005 . After having to plunge this thing many times , I called Kohler and asked what was wrong . Since then , I 've had to pull this toilet three times and this morning , I had to plunge it again and blew out the wax ring with water all over the floor . DO NOT purchase this model . The engineer that designed this should be fired - I will never buy Kohler again .
 House built in 1980 . Masterbath that we tore out was very ' 1970 's ' . Wish like hell I had that toilet back . Man , that toilet knew how to flush!Our new , $ 70k bath remodel has top-of-the-line Kohler everything . Even the friggin digital shower from the commercials . This particular toilet is absolutely worthless . It looks nice , but I 'm not going to give a toilet a second star just because it looks nice . Toilets have one purpose . They make stuff disappear . Correction
 I ordered a green lamp for my boyfriend . When I received it it was blue , which I might have been able to accept but the box had `` display '' written on it and when I set it up the liquid was so cloudy you could barely see the wax and even after leaving it on for 3 hours it hardly bubbled at all it just kind of made waves in the bottom pile of wax . Worst lava lamp I have ever bought !
 I ordered the Metallic Green Motion lamp for my niece for Christmas . It was blue and it does not work . And since I got my Christmas shopping done early and recieved this November 24 , I am two days past the return date and ca n't get my money back .
 I do n't like writing negative reviews , but I 'd like to save someone else the hassle I had and money lost.The lamp arrived with a broken bulb . I replaced the bulb and plugged the lamp in for several hours . The colored `` goo '' never separated - just sat in a lump at the bottom of the glass . The glass got quite hot , so I feel the lamp was very old . I spent nearly $ 10 to return it and was reimbursed the original cost of the lamp with the shipping , but it still cost me $ 10 for nothing .
 I ordered a green lava lamp for my son for Christmas that was from Santa . When I set it up I noticed it was red and not green . I looked at the order and it does say green and even the box says green . My son was disappointed that he asked Santa for a free lava lamp and received agreen one .
 I am sorry now that I purchased this item . Do n't misunderstand me - it looks great and appears to be made of quality metal . However , for the reasons I purchased it , it is n't what I want . I bought this 3-light lamp so that my husband and I can both read simultaneously , each with our own light . My first complaint is that there is only one switch that turns on all three lights at the same time . Turning the knob a second time makes them brighter . So you are using all three lights when only one or 2 are necessary . In addition it uses 60 watt incandescent bulbs - we are a compact flourescent household . Because of the way the switch works , you really should not use CFL 's . As soon as I find another 3-lamp light that I like at all , this one will be GONE !
 I 'm on my third one of these pumps in five years . I start my waterfall up in late April and shut it down around Halloween . The pump over-winters in my heated laundry room . All three pumps have failed during their second summer . The third and current pump just went Tango Uniform this week -LRB- Mid June 2012 -RRB- . In other words , this means that I get about 9 months of duty time out of the pump before a failure that costs me one-third of the price of a new one.The failure is always the same , the bottom -LRB- PLASTIC ! -RRB- shaft on the impeller shears off , which releases the high-RPM magnet to rattle around inside the windings . In two of my three failures , including the most recent one -LRB- three days ago -RRB- , the impeller trashed the -LRB- PLASTIC ! -RRB- upper bushing mount in the cover . It had * less * than nine months duty time.The company is virtually impossible to contact , and when you do manage to get someone -LRB- via email -RRB- , they are dismissive , rude , and -LRB- duh ! -RRB- unhelpful.My plan is fix this pump , then purchase a much less expensive 2000gph pump that has a three-year unconditional warranty .06 / 25/2012
 I brought Mag-Drive 9.5 from BigAlsonline.com as return pump for my 100 gallons mix reef about 6 months ago . One day i found the pump stop working and I took it apart realized the Ceramic shaft was broken.Then I go to their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- To filled out warranty request . Waited for a week and do n't hear anything from them . And I continue email for next six times and they just ignore you and never responded ... If you decide to buy one of those Mag-Drive pump and I wish you luck ... . Their customer service are non exist and their warranty do n't worth a dam.Oh . . The product manual state the propeller warranty is a year and the pump body are three years warranty ! It 's a JOKE !!
 Thought I was getting a deal . The outside diameter of the tubing is too small to secure fittings -LRB- elbows , end caps -RRB- . Could n't secure tubing with compression rings because of its thin material.Now I see the Rainbird product is only $ 1.00 more.Can I returns this after having cut it into the lengths I needed ?
 As soon as I can find a box , I need to send it back . I wish I had purchased the right one ... it delayed a scheduled garden job .
 I will not do that again . Freight cost was way too much and it took forever to arrive.I thought paying 3 times more than the product cost would result in quick delivery ... WRONG !
 it is amazing how fast these burn out . also a weekly occurnace having to change these with regular ones . can not recommend ...
 I bought 2 of these bulbs for a pair of kitchen pendants . The first bulb broke off at the base just screwing it in -- even with a light touch . It still lit , but obviously would be unsafe . The second did n't break , but my other complaint is that the mirror finish is not perfectly level around the bulb . If you are placing in a fixture with an opaque shade -LRB- or no shade -RRB- , that 's probably fine . But if you have frosted or translucent shades , the non-level mirroring will leave a vey obvious and very tilted shadow line on your shades.Overall , this is n't up to the quality or durability standards of the major brands . On a positive note
 product does not fit my thermastat . it was measured and based off the discribtion of item it does not fit
 I have a Honeywell RTH8580WF thermostat and this case is too small . It says right on the packaging that it fits &#34; All &#34; Honeywell thermostats and most others.I 'm sure if it fits your thermostat , it 's probably a fine product . Remember to measure and the inside dimensions -LRB- the mounting bracket -RRB- reduces the overall size about an inch , top and bottom.Returning mine .
 Due to a week clip , which holding the key lock to the door , itemis deemed usless unless clip is replaced by another one identecal . it must be a better way to hold that key lock to the door of the cover
 It really did n't fit as is , but I cut some ears off of it and it now fits . It can be accessed easy with little effort because of the design .
 There are no dimensions on this web page!I found the same product on a different web site , but their dimensions were wrong.When I received my order , I found it way too small for my thermostat.Here are the actual exterior dimensions
 The dimentions given under the product description are the dimentions of the package . the product itself is a few inches smaller . I had to return it . Otherwise the product itself is of high quality and would have been given 5 stars .
 The price for these dividers is kind of high , considering that you can simply buy thick posterboard for $ 2 - $ 3 and make 16 , 32 , or 64 dividers yourself . Works just as good . You can just slide it into the slot on the center of the drawers .
 While they are much better dividers than the ones you cut from the back of the cabinet , they are very expensive . A pack of 16 should be $ 2-4 not $ 10 . I am glad I didnt purchse more than one packet , I cut out cardboard for all the other dividers I needed and they work fine .
 Sure , they work as dividers , but at $ .50 a piece they 're absurdly priced.There are so many alternatives to these if you have any skill . You can even use hot melt glue to affix your dividers if they 're not perfect .
 The material is good , but the overall shape needs some changes.The ridges on the sides of the dividers need to be inset ~ ~ 1/16 inch so that they fit better into the molded slots in the sides of the plastic storage trays . The top surface should have a notch in it so that the divider wo n't catch on the restraint tab at the top of the frame . These weaknesses can be compensated for with a sharp knife , but this is time consuming !
 I feel that Akro-Mills should provide these dividers as part of the purchased product . It is such a plain item I was inspired to make it my own and refuse to pay such highly priced item . If I were to purchase these divider the cost to include a divider for each of the 64 drawer is $ 25.84 + the shipping This means that the drawer and dividers would have cost me about $ 60.00 and I purchased 6 sets of 64 drawer organizers . and that 's $ 360.00 WOW !
 I ordered this item , paid for it and now it is not in stock and is going to be refunded . I ca n't find it anywhere . Driving me crazy . If anyone knows of another item that will work , please write .
 It could not cut well on granite , so I have to used my old , worn out one to cut the granite . I have not tried to cut any thing else .
 Twice I have ordered the `` SKIL 79510 7-Inch Dry or Wet Cutting Turbo Rim Diamond Saw Blade with 5/8-Inch or Diamond Knockout Arbor for Masonry '' and both time I have received a product that looks the same -LRB- As far as the saw blade goes -RRB- but with completely different labeling on the blade and a warning on the package that states `` do not expose to water , condensation , or freezing '' Since I bought the item to use in a wet tile cutting machine , this blade is useless to me .
 I have n't used the blades yet but , the picture of the item on the order page does not match what you receive . The packaging in the picture says it is a continous rim saw with 2x life -LRB- you can actually see the words , Continuous Rim in the upper right corner on the picture -RRB- . The picture does show a segmented rim blade however , the art work on the blade you receive does not match the art work on the blade in the picture . I ca n't imagine how they managed to do this . Be aware , this item is not a 2x life blade .
 not so great about this blade . just normal and heat up easily . it hard to install to the saw you have to careful with the ring it keep fall off .
 I purchased an Ames True Temper 6 cu . ft. wheelbarrow from Amazon and wanted to get it off the garage floor . The wheelbarrow storage bracket from TidyGarage -LRB- `` product '' -RRB- consists of a single steel piece in a U shape with holes pre-drilled to be mounted on 16 '' center studs . It is approximately 17 '' long , not the 20 '' mentioned in the product description . At $ 20 for what amounts to a single bent piece of steel , it is overpriced but , if it worked , I thought it would be worth the expense . Mounting the product with the aid of a level was a simple matter . However , the wheelbarrow would not stay in the position shown in the product description . It would fall backward and the product would not hold it . I was able to make it work temporarily by jury rigging some supports to prevent the wheelbarrow from falling , but the device as pictured could not be made to work by itself . I will probably have to buy some large hooks , such as ladder hooks.to replace this device . The accompanying instructions are intended for a number of products and are generally useless . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 We should have returned this item as we had to make adjustments to many of the doors . We did not receive the same size hinges in the order . Would not order these online again . Live and learn !
 Intermatic ML200RT 200 Watt Low Voltage Lighting Transformer , BlackThis was an exact replacement for the old system , the main problem is customer support , as there is none . I went to the Intermatic web site , sent emails , looked them up on web , called 800 number and left messages , no return calls . I needed to get replacement bulbs for this system , managed to figure it out with the help of a local hardware store . The problem ended up that I needed to buy new wire too , wish they would have told me that as I would have purchased it from them , instead I got it locally . My mistake was buying an old 200watt system , when for a few more dollars I could have gotten a 300 watt system and had more power . Due to lack of customer support I will never purchase an Intermatic product again , and Amazon lost my business for all future outdoor light projects .
 All other reviews were positive for this item but the top was broken off when it arrived . I taped it back on , thinking I would just keep it instead of returning , but timer does not work . I reset it and so did my son every day after he installed it . It would come on at the correct time but because the timer was off , it went off way before I had it set to go off . I wonder if this is a damaged item . I 'm not asking for a replacement because I did n't realize this one did n't have the `` dusk to dawn '' setting and I want that .
 Do not purchase this item unless you are willing to replace it every 5 years . I had purchased this from Lowe 's about 5 years ago . Back then the warranty was 5 years . Of course the 12vdc output crapped out after 5.5 years . I just got off the phone with Intermatic customer service -LRB- manufactures them for Malibu -RRB- and they will not provide a replacement as it is past the 5year date . They followed up with `` be happy your warranty was 5 years as now the warranty is only 3 years . '' Buyers you have been warned.To Malibu / Intermatic , I would be happy to take down this poor review on your crappy product if you would stand behind your product and replace my failed unit . You know how to contact me as my warranty claim # was 153827 .
 I got this to connect some LED hardscape lights and at it works good for that but it does not keep correct time , sometimes the lights come on at night sometimes the come on during the day . The timer is off sometimes by 12 hours or more . I would not recommend this product until Intermatic fixes the issue with the timer .
 I was glad to see that I could replace my old transformed with the same make and model item which I found on Amazon . Price was fair and item was shipped and arrived promptly . The transformer worked well for a while and then began to function intermittently . Now the item has ceased to function at all . Since 60 days have passed I 'm not sure how I can get a replacement for what I believe is a defective item .
 Nice little timer , replacing a similar outdoor timer I had for years which finally died . Unfortunately it seems to run fast by at least an hr every day , cumulatively . So , by the end of the week we are now approximately 7 hrs fast . I will buy another unit , hopefully I 'll have better luck .
 It arrived fine . I tested the batteries before I installed them . When I did I found a very low output of the flashlight . In short I did n't like it . If forced into a corner I would use it , but for the most part I would look around for a UV flashlight with a higher output . The `` switch '' is based on how far you screw down the back cap . Screw it a little and you use the momentary rubber button at the back . If you want the flashlight on for a longer time period you just screw down the back cap until it stops .
 The light is indescernable in normal household lighting . You have to be in a totally dark room to see the small circle of light . The packaging says the LED is visible at distances upwards of a mile - ha - there is NO way you could see this from across any normally lit room much less a quarter mile in the dark . It is totally ineffective unless you are on your hands and knees in a totally dark room . I regret buying it .
 This particular pen did not have a long distant beam as my old one did . After a short period of time the batteries did not last no time . I am still looking for a good pen with some long distant beam . Any suggestions from anyone appreciated ?
 the light may be good for night use , but in my application the light was not bright enough
 Bought a freeman coil nailer and these bostitch c380bdg nails , well i should have read closer to the specs.These nails are .080 dia . The freeman calls for nails no smaller than .090 dia , so I got nails that do n't work corectly , What ever you buy , you must check closely on recommended related items , cause in my case it was not compatible.As for the Freeman nailer , I love it.The cheapest coil siding nailer you can buy .
 The Item They ship is not the same as what they show . The item shipped comes with no directions as to how to use what they ship you but with directions for what is pictured . The pictured item shows a ratching device , the one they send has no such feature . I am sending it back and going to the store to buy the right one .
 It says it will fit a door up to 2 &#34; thick , but it only goes up to 1-3/8 &#34; just like every other knob .
 There was a hole in the box when it was damaged during shipping . This caused a dent in the lamp part . I could handle that . But i could n't handle the lamp being so heavy that the arm could n't hold the weight . You could n't adjust it so it would stay upright . No matter how much I tightened the knob on the arm of the lamp . I had to give up , pack it back up and return . Scared to order another at this point .
 To say I 'm disappointed with this would be giving it the best face possible.How anyone can take a proven design and turn it into something that only works poorly is beyond me .1 . The lamp head is too heavy to be supported by the spring-loaded arms .2 . Tension adjusting screws for the arms -LRB- to hold the lamp in position -RRB- are inadequate for their purpose unless they are tightened to the point of no return .3 . The base is a sad joke . While it does allow mounting to surfaces at various angles , the single bolt to engage the base is too small in diameter and too weak . A flat bottom on the `` power base '' and clamps directly to it would be superior for strength and stability .
 Worked for a year then all of a sudden Ballast went out . Wont turn on or give power to sockets ... Dont bother with this one folks .
 Price paid was for new item . Item received was re-packaged to the extent that Styrofoam crumbs tumbled from box as lamp was removed , additional parts were loose , etc. . The fluorescent bulbs have begun to darken at one end , as happens when/as these bulbs are used . There are small nicks and scratches in the lamp shade . The item should have been sold as what it is , USED ! I 've now spent over an hour searching amazon.com for a way to contact the merchant , apparently that option is removed once the item is shipped !
 I do not recommend this product . The `` stickers '' did not stick to the wall at all and was a huge disappointment !
 i bought this product and i did n't expect that it wont work and the reason is it might work with 120v so i tried to send it back , unfortunately i found it will cost me more than half its price and amazon wont cover more than 15 dollar so idecided to keep it till i find a way to fix it or in the future i could through it in the bin
 It 's cheap and easily broken as in broken when I got it .
 This lamp was almost impossible to set up , and the design is really bad . The bracket to attach to a table is PLASTIC and I had a feeling the light could not support the weight . The first one I bought had a power cord split in two pieces like someone took a sharp blade or scissors and just cut it in half -LRB- very dangerous -RRB- . I returned and asked for a replacement , which I received the next day -LRB- good customer service , product not so much -RRB- . The second one was a disaster from the start , but it did have a power cord in one peice . The design gives you basically one way to hook it up . It was ok - until I the turned the light toward the table and -LRB- I was right - did I mention the bracket was PLASTIC -RRB- ? . This bracket broke and the lamp hit the table and my head . It weighs enough to bend the metal housing on the end of the light . I am glad I had my airplane model in another area to dry - I was a $ 30 model and it would have been toast.I 'm just saying ...
 this item was missing the clip that held it to the table ... very disappointed could not get a resolution to this problem now stuck with a lamp that can not be used : -LRB-
 A nice concept , but with major functional flaws :1 . The ceramic buttons reading Hot/Cold/Pure fall out . Only cosmetic , but for the price you deserve better . Franke shipped out replacements , several times , as they popped off several times . We used epoxy & got them to stick .2 . The seal on the filter canister fails and leaks . Franke replaced it . It should not have failed after a few years use . We had water damage .3 . The side spray hose failed & leaked and we had more water damages to our cabinet & hardwood floors . So we replaced the side spray hose thinking , `` At that price , it must be a once in a lifetime failure . '' And the second one failed & leaked . Franke would not kindly send us a third as we were `` out of warranty '' . We bought a third hose direct from Franke . It failed in 8 months . -LRB- No , I am not Franke-ing kidding you . -RRB- 4 . With the hot and cold water off , the side spray hose pressurizes , so if the hose fails , you 'll have a flood.Save yourself many problems , and heed this review . If you buy the Franke triflow , expect problems.What is Franke 's response ? What resolution ? Franke will let me buy another Franke faucet at a discounted price from their website . This Franke Triflow is a real mother Franker , ... if you know what I mean . Expensive , not functional junk . Caveat emptor .
 First off , tool has great attachments , many uses , a very handy tool to have , BUT ... I have been through 2 in 2 years . I 've done nothing outside of the intended uses for this tool . The first one I thought I over worked . I had all of the attachments and used it for alot of different jobs -LRB- sanding , grinding , cut-off wheels , tile cutting , and of course sheetrock -RRB- . The second one was used only for sheetrock and a little tile cutting . Still gone !?! A friend of mine has a Roto-zip he used for daily sheetrocking that is nearing 20 yrs . old and is still going strong . These new ones need to be built better , bottom line !
 This product gets the job done , but not out of the box . I had to bend the frame because the rope jumps and gets stuck between the frame and the wheel . Plus , the wheel is warped and wabbles when it is turning . I wish I would have bought another pulley .
 This product -LRB- Cooper K6107 -RRB- is misrepresented as a 3-way switch , which implies SPDT -LRB- single-pole double-throw -RRB- . It is not . Rather , it is a single-pole single-throw switch -LRB- SPST -RRB- with a 120V trigger that activates the connection when it is off , but only in automatic mode . In a typical 3-way circuit with two travelers and a SPDT switch at the other end , the installation requires placing a jumper on the SPDT switch , which causes one of the travelers to be continuously connected regardless of the switch position . You can turn the light on and off manually or automatically with the motion sensor switch , and when it is set to automatic you can turn the light on with the other switch . -LRB- Flipping it activates the trigger . -RRB- However , if the K6107 is in manual mode and the light is off , you can not turn it on with the other switch , and if the light is on you can not turn it off with the other switch . Quote from installation instructions , `` Note
 I bought this for the hallway but only one of the three I bought worked properly . Unfortunately , the electrician took so long to make the appointment and to do the work I was unable to return them to the seller in a timely fashion . So , I 'm out of pocket with this product .
 What a disappointment.I will update this comment with link to the pictures of the defects with this tool.What a lie.Image of how this product is broken right after the first usage1 -RRB- High resolution image to show that the file 's outer layer is heavily damaged , after its first usage on a aluminum surfaceURL is here -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 -RRB- The turning axis gets loosen very easily , and you have to use the screwdriver to make it tighten almost every time you use it.URL is here -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The picture with the listing of the Leatherman Wave was shown with a leather and nylon sheath which was an important reason why I ordered that particular one . It allows me to have the Leatherman on my belt sideways and it also has a pouch to hold the extra drivers that come with it . When I received my Leatherman It came with a leather sheath that will only mount upright on my belt and does not even hold the additional driver tips . I needed the tool that is why I purchased it so I do n't want to half to deal with sending it back over a sheath so I will now half to order another one from somewhere so I can tack on another 10 % of the cost for a new sheath .
 Very Very difficult to open and close , Almost creating a nip point posing a hazard , I amconcidering returning it for another
 I purchased this for my husband for his birthday . No matter what we did , the flashlight did not work !!! We had to return it .
 Hound Dog Products Planting Auger #HDP 9-6I could n't believe I would n't get some usefulness from my newly purchased Hound Dog auger , as the areas i wished to plant are recently tilled and planted -LRB- I am putting in end-of-summer replacement color -RRB- , and found this auger stalled out before cutting through hair-fine roots near the surface . Arrrrgh . The wrenching of my wrist when the auger froze my 18v drill was worse then if I had dug the hole by hand . I tried different speeds , and practiced in different soils around the garden to no good effect . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM !!!!! I wish I 'd read the previous review before my purchase , and can only OSH will reimburse me when they see the length of the register tape upon which this item was purchasedl
 Unfortunately I thought the product was overpriced for the quality received . I found one for the same price at a hardware store that had a gage built in that measured the water going through . This would let you know when enough water had passed through for a small , medium or large shrub , and the same for different size trees . This one is simple bare bones .
 I never had a chance to use the WB Marvin Quartz Replacement Elements , because your packer did not put any packing of any kind around these fragile quartz tubes . Both arrived broken . When I contacted the shipper they were very nice and sent a shipping label to return the tubes for replacement , however when the second set arrived they were boxed even worse than the first set . Someone attempted to use a box that was too short for the tubes and tried to wrap the flaps of the box up around the tubes with tape . The box was n't even completely closed around them and they arrived completely shattered . Again the shipper was very polite and asked Amazon to refund my money which was promtly done.Unless someone teaches the packers how to wrap bubble wrap around these tubes there is no use in ordering them as they will not survive .
 I ordered this item 3 times from 3 suppliers and ended up with a total of ZERO items . Two companies shipped this glass heating element with no support packing and they arrived broken . There was a 99 % chance they would not survive without protection . The other company did n't have as advertised . I did receive a refund from all the companies but wasted over 2 weeks trying to buy one on internet ... Mike Sweeney
 I ordered 4 elements and 1 out of 4 was broken and can not be used
 The WB Marvin Company is out of business and the product that I received did not fit the heater that I have even tho my heater is on the list . No way to return , stuck with it , ca n't use ! Do n't order this item under any circumstance .
 This product was a huge disappointment , and so was the entire transaction process with the shipper Home Decorators . The product is described by the selling company as `` hand fitted stained glass '' with `` bronze painted on base metal '' . They are neither hand fitted , nor stained glass . The `` bronze '' is actually just brown , and there is nothing metal on the item at all . The hand painting is of very poor quality -LRB- a 6 year old could have done that -RRB- and the underside of the shade is an odd iridescent color , not painted like the top -LRB- even though is says stained glass , it 's painted -RRB- . Also , there are seams showing where the glass was poured . It took 2 months and about 20 emails to get my full refund . Expensive product -- Buyer Beware !
 Couple of years ago I bought a cheap mister box at my local Atwoods and recently decided to replace them with a nicer set . I bought 4 boxes of these for myself and my neighbor . What an awful idea that was and a waste of money . They look nice when coming out of the box but once you put them up they leak really badly . It looks like the tubing is just too soft for the design of the mister connectors . After messing around with mine for a couple hours trying to be VERY careful to turn and push the tube in all the way and trimming the ends off and trying over and over I finally gave up . The leaks would just not go away no matter what.I checked with my neighbor because I thought maybe I was just doing it wrong . He is a contractor and had his plumber with him . They had the exact same problems . Leaks everywhere . Probably 60 % of the connections had very steady drips . I contacted the company about this problem before leaving negative feedback about their product . They just told me that I didnt know what I was doing in a very short snippy response . Ive tried to communicate back with them several times and they do not respond most of the time and when they do its a 5 words response . Bottom line is that they dont care . They finally offered to exchange the product for me . I have now sent 2 different responsive emails telling them that I would like to go ahead and start that process and surprise surprise they are not answering me . So I suggest that you look elsewhere if you want a product that does not drip water constantly at the connections.Bottom line
 I own the 6-nozzle misting tower from this company , which works well , but this set does n't seem to work at all . I hooked it up in accordance with the instructions , turned on the water and ... . nothing . The misting tower works fine on the same hose connection , but for some reason , the hose on this kit will fill with water as if it 's pressurizing , but it wo n't start spraying anything until 10 minutes later - and even then , it 's not a fine mist , it 's little spurts and drips . Buy the 6-nozzle misting tower instead - it 's not available on Amazon , but it 's much simpler to set up and use .
 Not at all what I expected ! Does not even work ! The parts are cheap and it does not work for even a second . Im sure not due to any error of my own ! I am dissapointed all around with this !
 We have purchased four of the starter boxes plus the high pressure pump . The installation is easy , they function as described . They , as mentioned in other reviews , drip , average 1 out of 4 . My biggest issue is the lack of customer service . We wanted to rearrange and asked orbit how to unplug the hoses from the brass fittings . No response . Bad habit in today 's market . We will not expand the system and but rather exchange it with another one . For us it 's not only product and price , it 's also important to know that there is customer care . Not with Orbit ...
 I got this and put it together per the instructions , I 'm a pretty handy guy so I thought it would work well . WRONG , it leaks like a sieve from every joint . I had to take the whole thing down ; I had put it up because I 'm a trusting person and silly enough to believe that a new product right out of the box should work . I took it all down but that was easy because the low number of chintzy clips they send are n't very long . I have put Gorilla Glue on all of the joints because that 's a product that I can rely on . That should hold but it 's too bad that an expensive item like this with about five bucks worth of parts that they sell for $ 33 should work.One of the small screw-in misters was missing so I sent them an email , that was never anwered . I guess I 'll plug that hole with more Gorilla Glue.Caveat Emptor
 I bought a Danco `` Tub & Shower Trim Kit for Delta '' kits -LRB- not from Amazon -RRB- . Following instructions on the package I `` Removed ... dome nut assembly -LRB- D -RRB- '' . However , since the Delta dome nut was apparently on very tightly it cracked one of the three small tubes coming out of the Delta control unit in the wall causing a serious water leak , making us have to shut off the main water valve . There was no warning on the Danco package that this could happen . I do n't deal with anything behind the wall so I called a plumber to fix the problem . He had to replace the control unit - resulting in a $ 300 bill and a hole in the drywall in the next room that I have to patch now . Plus getting myself and wife in a bit of a panic since we had kids arriving for Christmas in a couple days - thankfully I found a quick & responsive plumber . To top it off , I ca n't return the Danco product since I had to cut up the plastic packaging to get the product out.Danco 89277 Trim Kit for Delta Single-Handle Tub/Shower Faucets , Vibrant Brushed Nickel
 I HATE these ! I got three of these shades for a bathroom vanity light . I thought they would be charming but instead they are ugly . The painting on the glass is smeared , bubbled , and careless . There are errant splotches of paint all over the glass . They are going to be relegated to the darkest corner of my house.Update
 Maybe it 's just me , or maybe it 's the type of grass I have , or maybe it 's the amount of tree roots running through the grass , or maybe it 's because the soil it too wet , or too dry , or too sandy , or too clayish . I do n't know . But I do know that when trying to use this on 600 sq ft of lawn , I had to stop and clean out the holes a couple dozen times . And it 's not easy to clean them out . Takes a combination of screwdriver + hose . This quadrupled the amount of time it should have taken . Perhaps if they had tapered the holes a bit more it would have been ok ?
 I purchased the Hound Dog to help with a few bare spots in my lawn . For the first 5 minutes it worked perfectly . I was able to aerate a small area pretty quickly , but then the clogging started . I would remove the clog -LRB- which is not easy at all -RRB- and then start up again only to get another clog shortly after . I thought that maybe I was getting clogs because the soil was too moist and I decided to try it again on a dryer day only to get the same result . It seems that the clogs can be caused by grass or grass roots as well as moist soil , so unless you are working on an area that has never had grass and at the perfect moisture , you will get frustrated with the clogs . I should have listened to the people who said that this tool was not worth the money instead of those who praised it .
 I purchased this tool thinking that I would save a few bucks and gain a workout by not renting one of the big , expensive and unwieldly aerating machines . The plugs of dirt popped out obediently enough for the first two plunges , then got massively jammed full of dirt . Once jammed full like this , the tool simply punches holes that you could do with a piece of rebar or something similar . I thought perhaps the soil was too dry for this to work so I waited until after a nice rain to try again . After clearing the holes and going out post-rain -LRB- but not too wet -RRB- this thing still jammed immediately . Worse yet , it pulled up large chunks of soil when withdrawing the tool from the dirt . The soil in my yard is wonderful , loamy stuff - I only need to aerate a couple of areas of high traffic - I am not expecting miracles here , but this just did not perform . I ended up sticking an old hay fork into the groud repeatedly . Save your money .
 I grow a 100 % organic lawn and manual tools/procedures are all I use to care for my lawn . Manual reel , Manual edger , Grass shears , Compost , Organic Fertilizer , etc etc. . For 4 years I took a stand and made this lawn a human powered lawn . However , Next year I 'm breaking my stand on saying no to gas powered lawn maintenance and allowing the begging yard contractor to core aerate with the gas toro aerator.Season 1 of Use -LRB- Last Year -RRB- Right out the packaging and to the lawn I went last growing season with the hound dog in hand . I was full of energy and boy did I need it , but that 's not whats wrong with this tool . Being in the south with clay soil will result in pain and defeat . A disclaimer is needed warning southerners about this tool 's ineffective use in clay soil as it repetitively penetrated only 1/4 of an inch deep . I tried this tool when the clay soil was wet , damp , somewhat damp , 100 % dry , and semi dry , but nothing mattered as I followed the dreaded pattern of step , unclog , step , unclog , step , unclog , step , unclog . Fed up I went to the one strip of my lawn that I knew from digging several feet contains the least amount of clay and the the largest amount of softer black soil . The tool worked nicely as the plugs pushed each other out . I was able to get into a groove in this black soil section and work almost to a beat . So back to clay I went and immediately Step , Unclog , Step , Unclog . It got so frustrating that I even sprayed the inner plug pipes with WD40 ... So I finished the lawn in about 3 days with some sections having plugs 3-4 inches deep and the majority of others 1/4 of an inch deep.Season 2 of Use -LRB- June 2010 -RRB- I break out the tool again well aware of its fault . As I used the tool making sure to step into the center , I accidentally picked up a method of rocking side to side and jumping that penetrated deep into the clay , it works nicely and has added to the dreadful routine . The new routine is Step , Rock Left , Rock Right , Rock Left , Rock Right , Jump , Jump , Unclog , Step , Rock Left , Rock Right , Rock Left , Rock Right , Jump , Jump , Unclog . My neighbors must think I 'm an accidental discharge from the loony house . . The bad part is that after approximately 2 + hours in the 90 + degree heat you turn around and quickly realize you 've only properly aerated an area the size of a king size bed . I say properly as in each square foot contains 8-12 holes that are at least 3 inches deep.Ive come to realize that this tool is for non clay owners . So to make that clear , this tool can work on say cool season grass like in the north east . Also it would be nice if the metal handle was covered with soft rubber grips .
 Worked for about three `` pushes '' then one side plugged up . After cleaning out the plugged side it will slightly work another couple times . I measured and found that the entrance diameter of one of the holes is smaller than the other side . I hope that mine does n't work simply for this reason and not because the product sucks in general . It would also be nice if there were four tubes in stead of two but Im sure that might not be practical . Either way , I 'll find myself a small electric aerator rather than take my chances with another one of these .
 Like others mentioned , I have had the same problem with the tubes plugging up . I bought this aerator a couple of years ago and it seemed to do a decent job the first time I used it , albeit a lot of stepping . I 'm in my early 30 's , good health so I actually enjoy the workout . I have about 3,000 square feet of lawn , and spent an hour here , an hour there going over the entire lawn with it . I do remember it clogging up a few times back then , but nothing like what it does now , 1.5 years later . I ca n't even seem to get one plug out of either side at this point . I live in the Northeast and it 's likely my soil has a lot of clay , so that might contribute to the problem like others had mentioned . Also , the latest time I tried it was when the soil was moist , not wet . I 'll make another attempt when the soil dries out a little more -LRB- which is unlikely any time soon here in rainy New England -RRB- . So I called Ames Customer Service , and when finally getting someone on the phone I explained the problem . The woman asked me if I had clay or sandy soil . I told her I 'm not sure , but likely a combination of both . She quickly responded by saying the product does n't work with those types of soil . I retorted , do n't most people have sandy or clay soil ? She chuckled and said `` Ahh , No '' . She then recommended I put oil -LRB- WD-40 -RRB- in the tubes and told me to call back if I 'm still having the problem . Ok , I will try that one , but doubt it will work . I asked her what would you do if I call back and tell you the oil trick did n't work , and she said we 'd have to re-evaluate at that point . I guess they are doing everything they can not to live up to the `` lifetime warranty '' . Based on that and the fact this aerator did n't hold up very long , I feel obligated to give this product 1 star.I 'll try the WD-40 thing , but I wonder if the tube edges get too dull with usage , therefore not making a clean enough cut in order to eject the plugs adequately . I suppose if you have the time , you could sharpen them to find out . As someone else mentioned the cores do seem to put some decent sized holes in your yard , which I imagine is good . I know by not ejecting the cores you are compacting the soil , but I wonder if it 's still providing a benefit since your compacting pretty far down , not the initial sub-surface . I plan on adding some top soil and over-seeding in a couple of weeks and wanted to aerate before then . If anyone has an opinion on whether still using this aerator is providing a benefit without ejecting the plugs when doing that I would appreciate it.There 's an honest review from someone that 's used the product about 4-5 times now .
 I purchased as an upgrade from the regular aerator thinking a coring model would be more beneficial . Come to find that it requires the right medium to work properly . unless your lawn is the right moisture it will either ; not penetrate or impact quickly . So perfect conditions are required . I went back to the regular aerator . Good luck predicting your lawn hardness between watering .
 I got this product based on the many positive reviews and was looking forward to using it , but for me it did not work . After only a few `` pokes '' the soil got stuck in the tubes and I had to clean them out with a screwdriver . I tried again with the same result . The soil was moist but not wet . Maybe it works with bone-dry soil , but in my region -LRB- New England -RRB- it rains more-or-less regularly year round so the soil rarely get that dry . I probably wo n't bother to return it , but I will definitely need to find another way to aerate my lawn .
 Concept is good but unfortunately the soil jams in the cones and has to be cleared too often . Design needs a re-work and fully tested before going back to a market . This product will eventually go broke without design changes.Hound Dog Products HDP3-8 Turf Hound Aerator -LRB- Purchased on 03/07/2010 -RRB- by Hound Dog
 Mine also clogged after the first row -LRB- about 30 plunges -RRB- . I unclogged it and tried again , but the cores did not pop out . First it was one side that was clogged then the other side about 10 times later.The reason for the few stars , is because I called the company on their 100 % guarantee , several times , left 2 messages and have yet to get a response .
 Disclosure
 I have been researching these aerators and ended up having to buy the competitor 's -LRB- Yard Butler -RRB- mostly for the fact that Hound Dog uses the most inappropriate typeface , Comic Sans , for their packaging . This may seem superficial , but I want a tool that is going to be tough and Comic Sans makes it seem like a toy . If they do n't care enough about their product to give it quality packaging , how can I know if they put any effort into making it a quality product?Hound Dog should read this article : http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123992364819927171.html
 I purchased a Hound Dog HDP3-8 coring aerator in April 2010 to aerate some areas where my tow-behind coring aerator ca n't reach . Ive tried to use it for several days now and it just does n't work . My soil is mostly a lightly compacted , sandy loam with varying amounts of humus and is currently slightly moist from recent rain . Rocks , roots , and clay are not generally a problem in my soil . I tried several areas of my yard as well as ranging from slow to fast motion . The only thing thing the Hound Dog does well is plug up . I consider myself lucky if I can get four little plugs out before it plugs up . I find myself spending most of my time unplugging it . I have now converted it into a trellis for a small vine ; the best use I can find for it . I 'll just have to stick with my tow-behind coring aerator since it does work well .
 Ignore the high ratings and do n't buy any product which has so many 1 start ratings . So , who could n't want a product by a company named Hound Dog , where a live person answers the phone , and which does n't pollute the air , and is cheap to boot.Sigh , well I guess that would be me now . Yep , bought 1 , product plugged repeatedly , and upon calling customer service -LRB- very nice but ... -RRB- tried the ` maybe it 's the soil type ' . . ? Me ... well , then why does only 1 cylinder get plugged ? Her
 not sure if it 's the lawn or the tool itself . One side it works fine , the other side always clog up ! one step , un-clog , another step , un-clog again . . frustrating !! it 's strange that only 1 side works . .
 This is a true waste of time if you have any moisture or anything but sand to plung this in . It plugs each and every time . It would work much better if the tubing was tapered so you could at least have a chance of digging the dirt out after each penetration . I gave up and rented an aerator . It worked .
 i BOUGHT THIS ELSEWHERE . i CHARGED THE BATTERY AND IT LASTS 3-4 SCREWS BEFORE IT NEEDS RECHARGING . CUSTOMER SERVICE IS A JOKE , AND THEY TRY TO PLAY PASS THE BUCK IF ANYONE WANTS THIS DRILL , I WILL BE HAPPY TO GIVE IT AWAY , ITS BRAND NEW
 Silly me thought this was a bargain till it arrived this is the small one , which goes for a $ 1.98 at the hardware shop . I was thinking it was the larger one .
 I am pregnant and saw one of these used on HGTV , so I thought it would be a great non-chemical solution for me to strip the wallpaper in my daughter 's bathroom . Sadly , I had a miserable experience . I followed the instructions `` to a tee , '' gave it all the time it needed to get going , used a professional scrapper , and I made sure to score the wall well . Including its 15 minute start up time , it took me a total of 30 minutes to clear a 2x2ft area of wallpaper . Damage was done to the drywall because of the drips , and I had to hold the steamer in one spot for over two minutes to get the wallpaper damp enough for removal . Maybe my device was defective or the wallpaper was too well applied ; after my experience , I returned it and would not recommend it to anyone else .
 I bought this unit about 2 years ago to remove the wallpaper in my kitchen . It worked great . I just got it back out to do the bath . It ran for about 1 hour then quit . I 'm pretty sure the heating element is bad . Of course , it 's out of warranty now so I 'm screwed . This unit ran long enough to do one room . Very unhappy with the quality and performance of this unit . I strongly recommend you look for a different product .
 I ordered this for a big weekend project tackling my daughter 's ugly papered kitchen walls . Opened it , It looked fine , threw out all of the packaging and took it over to her house . Unfortunately the base was cracked and water leaked out everywhere . We tried to patch it up to get it to hold water , -LRB- we were determined to get this paper down -RRB- but my daughter , holding wet towels against the wall , and them scraping , accomplished far more than I did with this steamer . My caution about this product is that you inspect it carefully when it arrives , BEFORE you need to use it and throw away the packaging .
 I bought this item from Lowe 's . Once I began using it extremely hot water was dripping all over the place including on myself . I do n't recommend this junk product to anyone . Do n't waste your money ; buy something better .
 This product is dangerous , it drips for one thing ... and it is very hot steam !! It takes a lot of time to get it set up , filled , and steaming , ready to go ... as you work it is very hot , in an enclosed space `` bathroom '' it was like a sauna . It does loosen the paper , but it is so hot the glue is sticky and hard to scrape.FORGET IT.IF YOU HAVE STRIPABLE PAPER , STRIP , THEN SPONGE WATER ON PAPERBACKING - WAIT A FEW AND SCRAPE ... MUCH SAFER ... DOES N'T TAKE THAT MUCH TIME . . IT GOES QUICKLY AND YOU DO N'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT GETTING BURNED ! WHAT A PIECE OF CRAP !!!
 You pay what you do n't want.Not strong enough at all . It already bends if you want to tighten the clamp a little.Totally garbage . Will keep myself far away this brand .
 I received 1 can of Krylon Lacquer spray . I could easily have walked in to any hardware store and picked this item up for much less . However I was under the impression that I was getting a deal on a 6 pack of the for mentioned item . I feel that the ad mislead me to think this because of the use of the phrase -LRB- 6 Pack -RRB- in the description of the item . I am very unhappy with this purchase and feel that the term -LRB- 6 Pack -RRB- should not even be on the ad . Just saying '' 1 Krylon 7032 Lacquer Sprays , Clear '' would have been enough .
 I ordered this . Clearly it states a 6 pack of cans . Each can is 12 ounces . Upon arrival I was sent ONE can.I contacted Amazon who asked me to contact the the Seller . I emailed the Seller and NEVER RECEIVED ANY response . A few days later I spoke with someone at Amazon . Seller suddenly knows how to send emails to Amazon . Seller claims their auction was incorrect and will NOT HONOR what was written . Interesting as MY RECEIPT from the Seller states 6 cans . Stay away from this one . Seems like they want your money but will not honor what they them self have written for their sales . This practice would not work in a retail store and it should not be allowed on Amazon either . I will never purchase anything from this seller in the future . Seems they practice lies and propaganda on their site and as evidenced here on Amazon . I rate them a big ZERO and no stars but I had no option for that correct rating.BAD BAD BAD SELLER !!!! Look >> >> even after this the seller has NOT changed their description .
 Poorly constructed and finished . Everything about these lights , including that weird smell so many of these Chinese made products have -LRB- like a weird chemical smell -RRB- , points to cheaply made and mass produced . I ended up using this inside my workshop instead , it was too shameful to put on display .
 I bought 5 cans of this for a project ... Horrible !! It 's not the paint , it 's the sprayer . I sprayed it on the ground to figure out what the heck it was doing and it made two lines ... With one spray ? Three of the five cans did this . The two that did n't do this had the normal spray top on them . The chalkboard paint by Krylon was perfect and so easy to use . Good product if you get the regular spray button top thing - check before you buy .
 IF I could give this paint a lower rating I would . It 's not the paint itself so much as it is the sprayer and the wastefullness of it because of the sprayer . The `` new 360 dial '' directional sprayer on this paint is HORRIBLE . It causes most of the paint to spray into the air and not on what you are trying to paint . I bought three cans of rustolum primer and three cans of this Krylon indoor/outdoor metal + wood + wicker + more satin spray paint . The rustolum covered 4x the area that this did . I will need to buy at least 4-5 more cans of this crap to complete my project . A LOT of the paint is wasted as it sprays into the air . At first I was holding the paint at a normal distance from my project but 95 % of the paint was going into the air . Then I held it closer , about 4 '' from my project to try to get the paint onto it , but then the paint started to get runs in it . So it caused a COMPLETE MESS . I am no novice at using spray paints . I 've been using them for 40 years . This is the most wastefull spray paint I 've ever used . Blotchy uneven finish will cause you to have to go over and over it even when you think your done . If you stand back and look you will see `` holidays '' in the paint . Be prepared to spend a LOT of money on a LOT of cans of this paint . If I had it to do over again , I 'd choose a different color so I could buy a different brand . Never again , Krylon !
 False Advertising at it 's best . Yeah , you have to read that they are only selling you one but they lure you with six .
 Product description claims to be universal fit , but it will not work with my Delta faucet . The connector on the end of the hose does not match what this Danco spray head expects .
 ` Perfect Match ' is a bit misleading , seeing as how it does not match the hose connector . The hole in the receptacle is too small to force the existing hose connector through .
 Looks good quality . Not a universal replacement . It is better to by the water sprayer with the entire hose . This didnt work . I will be returning it
 I purchased this to use it with the Rustoleum Marking WandRust-Oleum 2393000 Professional Marking Wandonly to find out , it only works with the marking machine pictured on the can ! It is over priced and the fact that it can only be used in the dang machine was not clear in the written description . EVEN WORSE IT COST MORE TO RETURN IT THAN IT IS WORTH .
 This allegedly 7x10 rectangular net was unable to cover my 5 foot by 6 foot pond . I 'd guess the actual dimensions are something like 4 foot by 7 foot . It does n't stretch , either , if that 's what you 're thinking , it tears very easily . Too cheap to bother returning , but beware if you need a pond covered and you need a net that 's actually the size it claims to be .
 I opened the box and pulled the net out only to hear it rip . it was rolled up and ripped as i unroled it.that says it all .
 I bought this as a replacement for my Delta twin laser after a fire took out my shop . I 'm probably biased toward my old Delta -LRB- not made anymore -RRB- . First off the manual is terrible . It is flimsy and made of thin paper -LRB- even covers -RRB- so do n't expect it to last long . The set-up information does not cover everything . The unit is louder than I remember from my Delta . The blade guard works , but is very flimsy and wobbly . I know I was spoiled on my twin laser ; but that being said ... this unit 's laser disappears when the blade is half-way lowered . The laser will not `` wrap '' around to the front of the board to be cut like the Delta . So when doing a miter the laser will not show on the front edge . Only on the top . Yes I miss my Delta , but since this unit cost about the same I expected it to be close . Getting it set up for accurate cuts -LRB- I use it for woodworking -RRB- is hard . I do n't think the fences are completely flat and paralleled .
 i bought this gun oiled it took off 2 tires and the gun locked up same thing happined to another guy at my shop save your self some time and $ and buy a ingersal
 Although this does dry fast , it shows through paint , regardless of whether you sand it or not . I used it on my bedroom without sanding -LRB- like the directions say -RRB- and the patchwork showed through the paint . I just used it this week on my living room , and sanded it , and tonight when I painted - yes it shows through here too . So I threw the product in the garbage , I 'm not making that mistake again . I 've used a number of other slower-drying spackling , and they do n't show through like this . So take your time and buy a slower drying spackling . This just is n't worth it .
 I bought this stuff because I had a small wall repair job . It was useless . Imagine trying to spackle with Cool Whip , and that pretty much describes the experience with this stuff .
 Two weeks ago I applied DAP Fast 'n Final Lightweight Spackling to my ceiling to cover the bulging joints of the wallboard before I repainted it . The compound dried for a full day before I painted . Much to my surprise , when the paint over the spackling dried , it had the pattern of dried mud . I thought perhaps the compound had not dried sufficiently , and so I sanded the area to remove the pattern and waited two weeks . When I painted the compound again , the same dried mud pattern showed up . This product is garbage .
 When this item was opened to be installed with the 52 '' Hunter Original we ordered , the installer informed me that it could not be used since it was not threaded on both ends . This item is threaded only on one end with the other end having some sort of mounting hole . Perhaps it can be used on other styles of Hunter fans but not on the one we purchased . A quick trip to a local building supply outlet solved the problem with the purchase of the correct downrod which was threaded on each end.Amazon has very kindly and quickly offered a refund and I can not say enough good things about how this was handled .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I was very disappionted when I opened the box for this part . I needed the deep Moen Eustacheon , but recieved the shallower version -LRB- not what 's pictured -RRB- . I called Danco and they do n't even make a brushed nickel version for the older/deeper Moen 's . I returned it for a refund .
 This is not a Bosch product officially at all . I found the official product in stores with shipping it 's the same here as the stores . Ceteris paribus . The bosch version is weighs more , is much more refined , genuine Bosch , and I want a refund because this product its not as advertised . Imitation knock off . However , it still pounds .
 My thoughts are it is not a Bosch product . Every Bosch product I 've ever purchased has Bosch stamped on the bit this one does not.With that understanding I can not review this product as a Bosch chisel .
 ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A DECORATION ? OR ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A SILENT DOG WHISTLE THAT FUNCTION ???? I WOULD ASK THAT QUESTION FIRST . THIS IS AN AVERAGE OK ITEM . I WOULD GO STAINLESS STEEL CONSTRUCTED WHISTLE . YOU ONLY BUY ONCE FOR A LIFE TIME ~ ~ ! ALSO LOOK INTO THE ACTUAL FIELD TRIAL TEST RATING FOR QUALITY , FORGET THE LOOKS . SOUNDS FAMILIAR ??
 Maybe we have strong water pressure . I do n't know . I tried this faucet for 8 months and last weekend my DH ripped it out for me . Yes , it worked just fine . But every evening when I cleaned up the kitchen , I walked away with water all over the front of my clothes from this thing splashing water . It was on me . Behind the sink . On the side of the counter -LRB- where the sink meets counter -RRB- . I was tired of it . Water everywhere.So we took it out and put in an American Standard Fairbury . No more splashing . My clothes are dry when I clean the kitchen . The counter is dry . The water only goes in the sink where it belongs . I no longer get sprayed when I put a dish or bowl under the stream of water.Sorry Kohler . We wo n't be back .
 I had a professional to install this faucet . The installation seemed rather straight forward and nice . After we had everything connected , we found that it leaks at the `` easy '' connector part . We had no idea why and I hope the handyman is able to find a solution . Disappointed
 I have had this faucet for about a year now , it was an upgraded replacement for a standard faucet installed by the builder in our new home . We chose this faucet for style , but it has not lived up to my hopes . It looks very nice and we have never had trouble with leaking . The big problem with this faucet is the excessive water spray and `` splash up '' that gets all over he counter every time I use it . I ca n't figure out what it is about this faucet that causes such a mess , but I am ready to get rid of it just because I ca n't stand having to wipe down my counters every time I wash a dish . Even with the water pressure down to a dribble , I still get water everywhere as soon as I put a dish under the faucet . I do n't know if this is a regular problem with faucets of this style , but I just ca n't take it any more . My next faucet will definitely be longer and hang down farther into the sink . It 's a shame , really , I like the faucet and I spent a lot of money on it , but I would never buy it again .
 Feels cheap -LRB- pull out part is very lightweight plastic -RRB- and started leaking up top right after we installed . Kohler customer service would n't even bother to respond with a corporate form letter to my complaint , so now I need to warn all of you to avoid this faucet like the plague . For $ 200 a faucet ought to be a lot better than this one and so if you buy it do so at your own risk . I 've bought any number of plumbing fixtures in the past year for upgrades and renovation projects around the house and this thing was the easily the worst quality and apparently Kohler does n't care about the individual consumer who wastes their time and money on this product . PLEASE ! I beg you - save yourself a lot of frustration and disappointment - do n't buy the Kohler Forte K-10433-VS .
 As someone else observed , the flow rate is OK for the spray function , but it 's ludicrously bad for the regular flow . I checked twice to make sure that the hot and cold water knobs had been opened all of the way.If I had n't waited until I 'd had it for more than 30 days to install it , I 'd return it .
 The only way I can believe this item has 4 stars would be from people reviewing the product within the first few years of owning it.The inside of the tube corrodes and after several years the faucet will be impossible to move side to side . Mine is just about 3 years old and has been deteriorating for some time . Additionally , the nut underneath has frozen in place and the button to spray the water literally fell off in my hand .
 I purchased this product from a local big box hardware store . Upon opening the box I found that the finish on the sprayer head was wrinkled . I initially thought it must be some sort of protective plastic film but no , it was indeed the finish.This should have tipped me off to a complete lack of outgoing factory quality control but I took it back to the store and exchanged it . The second faucet `` looked '' O.K. and did install easily -LRB- the only positive ! -RRB- . However , when I hooked up the water supplies to test the faucet , it poured water from up inside the faucet head . You would think a company as well known as Kohler would do some sort of functional test before sending out their products!Twice burned , I again returned the faucet -- for a Delta -- which looks great and works perfectly !
 We had to replace this faucet after three months . The first time it was used after several hours the water fizzes and smelled horrible . The hose for the spray head smelled the same . Other faucets in the house had no problem . We replaced it with a faucet with a separate sprayer .
 I bought this faucet less than 2 years ago for over $ 200 and expected it to be a long lasting high quality product.Boy was I wrong . The pullout hose has been replaced twice due to leakage at the pivot where it connects to the head . I would buy delta if I had it to do over !
 I purchased this Kohler faucet for a remodel . It was the worst decision I could make.I will never buy another Kohler product . They have really gone down hill .
 Needless to say this cost us a lot of money . $ 100 for a plumber to install it . Another $ 100 for them to install a different one once we returned this one .
 Bought this Forte 2009 and 3 years later discovered that the quick connetion -LRB- compression -RRB- of the supply line to the hand spray leaked -LRB- rusted -RRB- . That mean there 's no replacement and had to discard the whole fauset assembly . The latest model Forte shown on Kholer website shows the designer has replaced this type of connection to a traditional push in compression type connection . I guess Kholer undrestood the problem.Other issue , water leaks from the top down along the throat of the faucet into under the sink caused rust to the nut , washer assembly that hold the fauset on the sink . The whole fastener assembly rusted , bad !!! I guess this is a general design problem with all pull-out , swivel kitchen sink faucet ... Desinger needs to looks at this probllem .
 We went to Home Depot and purchased the Kohler K-10433 VS and paid about $ 213.00 -LRB- tax included -RRB- . It was pretty easy to install , however , the hoses were too short ! We had to go to Ace and then Home Depot to get extensions . When all was connected , the hot water did not come out . My husband took the handle off and repositioned the indexer to stop the valve stem at the desired maximum temperature -LRB- hot -RRB- and then put it back together three times according to directions . No hot water ! This took over 90 minutes and no luck . We then looked at the many negative 1-star reviews on this product and decided to return it . We spent a total of 3 days -- Labor Day weekend -- trying to get our kitchen faucet to work . I do not know if this product was ever tested before packaging , or whether it was made in China . Poor quality product .
 Pricey for the lack of quality . Bought in Summer 2010 . Despite gentle care , froze up -LRB- wo n't turn side to side -RRB- by summer 2012 . Took it partially apart and cleaned to no avail . I checked internet for suggestions which included changing various gasketsbut could n't get it apart down to the level suggested . I am pretty handy , but I guess not super handy.Also had trouble understanding the Kohler schematics which appear as one drawingfor several versions of their faucets.We are now using by turning the spray head either towards the right side or left side of the sinkMy plumber told me it would cost me more to pay him to do it than to buy a new faucet.Needless to say , next faucet wo n't be a Kohler .
 I got a Kohler kitchen faucet three years ago . I thought why not get the best ! After a few months the faucets rotating ability began to stiffen , and now it feels like you are going to practically break it to go from sink-to-sink . No more Kohlers for me !!
 We have had this Kohler Forte faucet for about 2 years . I really love the looks of it and the way it feels in my hand when I pull out the sprayer to use it . The single handle is easy to use and to control the water temp , and generally I am very happy with it.Except - after about a year the swivel function froze up like other reviewers have mentioned . You could still turn it from side to side but it was a major effort . DH called Kohler and they sent him some free parts , which of course did n't fix anything . We held off on buying a new faucet because we wanted to remodel the kitchen and wanted to wait to make sure the new faucet matched the rest of the kitchen . Luckily the pullout works fine , because it was often easier to pull that out than to try to swivel the faucet.We are in the remodeling process now and I am shopping for a new faucet . I will NOT be buying this one again even though I love the form and function - I just do n't trust it to last very long .
 We 've had two of these faucets in the last 6 years , and guess what , the second one is failing - same problem as the first , the faucet freezes and you can no longer move it side to side . I did n't even bother calling Kohler this time around . We are just replacing it with something else , which is too bad , because it is a really nice looking faucet . However , spend your money elsewhere , this one wo n't hold up after 2-3 years .
 We love the faucet but it was missing a very important part , no time to send it back.We found a replacement part at the hardware store : -LRB-
 I owned this faucet for 5 years with no real complaints . Then the -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- triangular button that is used to switch from spray to stream on the head failed . -LRB- It 's a 50 cent part -RRB- It failed because of the poor engineering design . 4 tiny -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- tabs hold it in place , and if you do n't press the triangular button exactly in the center -LRB- hard to do -RRB- the tabs crack and break off . An unbelievably poor design!OK , so I have to order an entire new faucet handle for $ 90 to replace a 50 cent part . I bit the bullet -LRB- should have listened when a friend suggested I get a new faucet instead -RRB- and ordered a new handle . The new faucet handle arrived and the same part broke within 2 weeks . What junk ! I feel like such an idiot for not realizing the seriousness of the design flaw . Once I decided to get rid of it I took the whole thing apart to really investigate the design . I ca n't believe anyone would build something this way , unless they want it to fail so you have to spend more money on Kohler parts.Believe the other negative reviews and do n't buy it !
 The plastic part in the cartridge broke off after 4 years of use . The top handle just comes off now . If you look inside , it 's all plastic and apparently it broke off from fatigue ...
 The other people on here are correct . I have no issues with water pressure and this faucet does not put out the pressure expected . Also , There is a big splashing issue that gets water everywhere . I would definitely think twice before purchasing this faucet . \ I did try replacing the head after speaking with Kohler but that did not resolve the issue . New faucet is on order .
 I have just replaced this faucet , which I have had for less than three years . We replaced it because , while the metal parts are well made , and overall it 's a fine design , the switch that is used to change the flow from spray to stream is poorly designed plastic junk . You can see it in the picture
 Only lasted 3 years before swivel at base began heavily dragging , and now will not rotate at all . Lifetime warranties mean nothing when the labor to replace is so high . It s so mch work to fix , i am just going to buy a new faucet of another brand .
 So disappointed that we are having to replace this faucet after only 3 years . The faucet has frozen so that it can no longer be swiveled from side to side , and we discovered that the inside of the tube was corroded -LRB- made of cheap pot metal -RRB- . Not only that parts have to be ordered from Kohler , and they are out of stock , not exactly helpful since this means we ca n't use our kitchen sink while we wait .
 Been owning this for a week now . Here are my first impressions : - The thing is TALL !!! Way taller than our old Delta 472 . Something like 2-3 inches taller . - The thing being taller , the water travels a longer distance and hits whatever you are washing at a greater speed . Which causes SPLASHING all over the place with anything you wash , especially if it 's curved , like let 's say a bowl or a dish . But who would ever wash a bowl or a dish in a sink anyway :-D - OR , you instinctively keep whatever you are washing a bit higher than usual -LRB- people would usually wash their stuff at whatever preset distance from the faucet they are accustomed to -RRB- . Which will mean that whatever you are washing will sit closer to the edge of the sink , which will cause - guess what - SPLASHING ALL OVER THE PLACE.In short
 Factory fresh when received , unusable after installation due to , apparently , sabotage before being packed
 The cartridge started leaking heavily after only one year of use . Sadly , it 's all cheaply built plastic parts inside and I found out its a common problem , so I did not even bother to use their warranty service . I threw the junk out and took the loss . What 's the point of the warranty here - how much is my time worth and who pays for the water damage to the cabinets ? Some of the 4 and 5 star reviews seem a little premature .
 This Kohler faucet was a nightmare!I purchased it in October 2010 . Within a few weeks the spray hose button fell off . I had to glue it back on . Several months later the faucet stopped working properly . When the lever was turned to the left for hot water , the water stream stopped entirely . I called Kohler directly and they agreed to send me a replacement valve . It was a back ordered item that took two weeks to arrive . I installed it , but the problem persisted . When I called them back they agreed to send me a whole new faucet . It arrived within a week . I installed it only to find the the spray hose connection below the sink leaked ! I called them yet again , and this time they agreed to send me a replacement connection for the spray hose . Three days later I received a notification from FedEx that the part had been successfully delivered to a residence in New York . I live in Ontario!I finally returned to Home Depot where I had purchased the original faucet . They agreed that the situation was unacceptable . They fully refunded the faucet and I purchased a Moen faucet of equal value . It installed easily and works perfectly ... so far.Kohler should rethink its BOLD LOOK campaign . Form follows function .
 We bought this faucet for our kitchen remodel in ' 08 . Shortly after installation , one of the faucet spray buttons on the pullout fell out . This is a plastic part which breaks easily after little use . Kohler sent us replacement buttons free after I complained about the poor design . Within a few months , the same button fell off . This is a faulty design which needs to be addressed . Kohler makes premium-grade products , and as such , should protect their reputation vis-a-vis the money they demand . This is a faulty product which should be pulled from their inventory ; I hope that it is . John
 I bought this faucet in July 2008 . Recently , the toggle to switch the sprays broke . The button falls off . I put it back in place , but it just falls off again.I 'm unhappy with the quality ; this should not have broken after 3 year 's use . I will look for another brand to replace it .
 We purchased this faucet and loved the spray in the handle . It was easy for us to install and looked GREAT ! Then we started to have issues with the faucet not being able to move from side to side . We learned it was from hard water . Ok , could understand that but ... you should n't have an issue like that . We clean our entire sick and faucet every day and even use a hard water agent . BTW , that has n't happened with any of the other faucets in the house . And that really should n't happen . Finally the whole thing froze and we could not longer move it from side to side . So we lived with that , then the flow switch in the handle failed leaking down the hose under the sink . We did n't realize it when it first happened becasue you really could tell but when it got worse the water went all over the place and it you put the handle in the faucet it would leak under the sink . One other thing ... the hose came off the handle several times . I would not recommend this product . It looks now and I enjoyed it when it worked . They need to work on this product .
 I am an experienced general contractor and put 100 % Kohler Forte plumbing fixtures , Kohler tub , sink , shower , etc in my own home . This is the only Kohler product I am not happy with . When new it seemed to work great . With age -LRB- 1year -RRB- the Pull Out faucet wo n't go all the way back in and the plastic seems to be holding it out leaving a 1/16 gap . I have checked and there is no build up or other obstruction other than the original poor design . Not going all the way back in means it may not seat pointed down causing water to stream in any direction the pull out happens to pointed . It is not family proof ! I will be replacing it with something else , maybe not Kohler this time .
 I ` am on 3 third year with this faucet and so far it has been replaced once for repeated cartridges leaking . The second faucet is now leaking around the base seals . Warranty service is excellent .
 I have had this faucet about a month . The flow rate in shower mode is fine , but the regular flow has always seemed less compared to my past faucet . After two weeks of operation , the flow even got worse and has a pulsating effect . It looks nice , but am not that pleased with its operation .
 The faucet worked great until the small plastic button switching the flaw to spray broke . To fix it I have to replace the whole pullout portion witch cost $ 90 . Not bad for a small plastic button .
 I purchased this unit from a big box retailer in Nov. of 2007 for $ 220 and , while the service has been acceptable it has become necessary to replace some leaky parts . At first I said to myself , `` Self , this is a clever design '' The hose and spray assembly was modular such that they could be replaced in a ` plug and play ' fashion . I was stunned to find that the retail price to do so would have set me back $ 180.00 !! Clever indeed!Research on the net has got the price down to $ 135 . but that 's still too high in my opinion . As an engineer , I am capable of rebuilding the unit and that 's what I 'll be doing -LRB- parts are about $ 40.00 -RRB- but offer fair warning to those who are not as mechanically inclined . As such , I 'll be purchasing something different next time .
 I really like the look , feel and finish of this faucet . However , I have had a problem with deterioration of the faucet hosing which leads to foaming and smell in the water when you first turn the water on . Based on the number of similar complaints on web blogs , this is not an uncommon problem with this faucet . To be fair , Kohler was quick to send me a replacement hose -LRB- the same type of hose as the original -RRB- , but the problem recurred after just 2 months . This is a design or materials flaw that they have not yet fixed .
 After five years usage now when switching from spray to stream , water continues to drip from the spray holes instead of being confined to a single stream . If you need to direct water into a smaller opening -LRB- tea pot , etc. -RRB- , you are likely to spill . On top of that , one of the little buttons that toggle the spray head between spray and stream broke . After reading another reviewer with the same problem , I think I 'll buy a new faucet from another manufacturer -- I 'm not interested in buying a replacement $ 90 spray head every time a poorly-designed plastic button breaks .
 I have used many Kohler products and generally like them very much . However , I was skeptical of this particular faucet because it seemed rather lightweight and flimsy , compared to a similar spray-head faucet I bought several years ago , now discontinued . Still , it is good-looking , had the features I wanted , and bears the Kohler name . Four months after installing it , something inside the spray head has come loose and wedged the converter button so it no longer works - the thing is firmly stuck on stream and wo n't spray.Kohler was nice enough to give me a store credit over the phone , so I will use this to buy a Kohler sink . I wish they made a decent kitchen faucet , because now I need one to replace this . My recommendation
 The first year the button broke off and I managed to glue it back in place , second year , and the faucet no longer moves from side to side without extreme force . I tried adjusting the movement however I find broken pieces . I 'm here looking for a hopefully better replacement .
 I recently purchased a Koeler Forte faucet with the extendable sprayer . My first clue that there might be a question of quality in engineering was when I saw the ` standard ' Koeler coupling . It had a single gasket . The next indication was when I went to install the faucet and found that connection hoses -LRB- while braided -RRB- were very thin and ` kinkable ' . Lastly , the hose lengths were extremely short -LRB- as compared to a Delta faucet being replaced -RRB- . Hence , I had to run to the hardware store to purchase hose extensions . Thereafter , installation was easy and I did feel the sprayer coupling `` lock '' to its deepest point . For two days , we used the faucet without issue , but rarely using it for hot water ... mainly for cold drinking water . On the third day , in preparing for a family gathering later that afternoon , we turned the hot water on and off repeatably . After probably 15 cycles , the coupler for the sprayer ` let loose ' and proceeded spray inside the cabinet . With the radio loud , we did n't immediately hear the leak and proceeded to flood our downstairs family room and its new carpeting . Upon discovering the leak after about 10 minutes , we shut-off the faucet -LRB- wiped-up the mess in the cabinet -RRB- and re-installed the coupling . After turning the cold water on repeatably , it seemed to work fine . Unfortunately , during the party , the guests used the hot water a few times and the coupling let loose again . As luck would have it , a family member at the gathering is a master , full-time employeed plumbing professional . After giving me a ration of crap , he pulled the faucet , saw that it was a single gasket coupler and said `` I 'd never recommend a faucet with this connection style , but it should work '' . He reinstalled the coupler and the faucet . He had me turn on and off the cold water a dozen or so times then had me turn on the hot water ... after about five cycles , the coupler let go , again . We came to the conclusion that not only was the faucet a poor design , but this one was likely faulty.My retailer was very gracious and apologetic . They refunded the purchase price of the faucet and offered my inspection of the other brands/models available . We inspected the Delta faucets with sprayers and they have a coupler system similar to Koehler , but with two gaskets . The Goehe seemed to have the best twist and locking mechanism -- but it was going to take two weeks to get our style in brushed nickel delivered . Not wanting to go without a faucet for that long , they also showed us a Hansgrohe faucet and sprayer connection . It also had a ` locking ' mechanism , nice thick braided hoses that appeared to be the ` right length ' , and the unit -LRB- in brushed nickel -RRB- was in stock . Hence , for about $ 100 more , we got a significantly better engineered faucet . Upon installing it , I found that the hoses were ` the right length ' , the installation was very simple and easy , the counter-weight for the sprayer hose was a `` clamp style '' that stayed secure -LRB- versus the Koehler that used a zip tie to restrict it slipping down the hose -RRB- , and the sprayer had a nice feature for turning back to a stream after shut-off which eliminated over-spray the next time the faucet was used . We 've had it installed for a week and it has been great.Summary , I would strongly look at the mechanicals and connections of any new faucet you intend to purchase , not just the external visuals and features . Second , and I 'm really sorry to be dismissive of a USA-based company , but for kitchen sprayer faucets , I would avoid Koehler . A recent trip to Lowes , and inspection of some of their other models , indicates that the single gasket style connector is there sprayer connection of choice . Too bad . We love our Koehler bathroom faucets .
 Yeah , it 's a good looking faucet , with one BIG problem . After two years it will not swivel easily any more on it 's base . The faucet ca n't move on it 's base freely , it takes some real muscle to move it from one half sink to the other , and then most times the base moves with it so it 's loosening it and I have to go under the sink and retighten it . I did n't have any of the other problems people reported , but that 's a major problem , IMO .
 Warranty is a problem when purchased through Home DepotOur faucet started to malfunction . But hey we thought , no problem , we have a life time warranty . Apparently not . Home Depot will not cover over 90 days . So you may not want to purchase your faucets there . Then we called Kohler customer service and they are only open M-F 8-5PM and that did not help us . It was so inconvenient to deal with Kohler , who does not replace faucets , they try to troubleshoot them on the phone and send parts . Meanwhile the water in your home is shut-off . In the end both Home Depot and Kohler made it so painful and difficult we purhased the competitor product . Having been bitten by the awkward warranty conditions with Home Depot and Kohler we double checked the warranty on the new faucet and its a no hastle replacement via the store we purchased it in . So what was the new faucet ? A Delta faucet through Totem .
 Failed after two years . The faucet was binding and would not turn at all . I do not recommend buying this because it is not worth the cost . It is cheap junk and should be priced as such .
 My old faucet had a slow dripping leak around the base , which had been ` fixed ' by wrapping in a towel and diverting the water into the sink until I could find a faucet I liked -LRB- I did n't care for the faucet enough to want to bother with just replacing the washer -RRB- . While visiting my friend 's condo , I found I really liked the faucet installed there -LRB- this one ! -RRB- , so much so that I ordered it from Amazon . Two days later -LRB- Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- , after two hours of installing -LRB- well , only about 30 minutes of installing , the rest was uninstalling the old faucet and cleaning stuff off the sink -RRB- I finally have all of my connections done and have n't run into any leaks . I plug in the faucet hose after flushing the base as the instructions direct , and check to make sure there 's no leak at the hose junction . Still good . Then , after turning on the water to try out my handy work , I notice a small but steady drip out the side of the diverter button . Next I noticed that if I tilt the head back to put it in the faucet base , the water drips out the back of the faucet head and down the base , making a mess . Even after playing with the button a few times to see if some washer or gasket just needed to get wet to make a good seal , I still have a constant drip when the water is on.I 'll call Kohler tomorrow and get to test their warranty service , but overall this does n't make for a good out of box experience . Do n't be like me - trust the negative reviews and just buy something else . I 'm now stuck fiddling with replacing a faucet head , with the hope that this is just a fluke and not a systematic design flaw - unless I want to start over and completely re-install from the faucet hoses on up.UPDATE
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 maybe it was the version , but this did not work on the graffiti that was on my glass window ... The graffiti might be acid type ink ...
 I had purchased three other lamps just like this one at a local store . I needed one more and purchased online . The one I received looked TOTALLY different from the ones I purchased in the store even though it was the same brand name and model . It was painted a cheap gold color -LRB- to look like brass -RRB- and was made of a cheap , light material . It is a VERY CHEAP knockoff of the real lamp . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!!
 BE CAREFUL . This item says `` Glove '' - meaning this seller is selling ONE glove . Granted , it says set of two , but you will get ONE PAIR of gloves . Terrible logic . Who wants to buy one glove ?? Maybe in baseball or softball - sure , but not with mechanic gloves . Give me a break . I am going to return them and leave bad feedback .
 The handle would n't screw in very well and it broke off the first time it was used . Returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 if you buy this broom plan to purchase a new handle right away . . it 's flimsy and feels like it will break at any second . brush head seems fine , but without a handle it does n't really matter . take a pass on this one and save yourself some aggravation .
 Do n't think my motorcycle 's aluminum bracket is any kind of space age high tech Al alloy , some how it did n't stick at all . Wasted .
 The pump came very fast and was easy to assemble . I have used a uv in the past with great success but this light has done nothing to clear my pond . I followed directions -LRB- pump size etc -RRB- but it has made no noticable improvement . I would not recommend this light .
 I expected something much better . the part did not fit in the hole in my tank , and the lever was not even articulated in the sleeve -- the rotation was solely due to the lousy fit . It constantly snagged the chain . Hugely disappointing . I ended up taking it out and throwing it away . I ended up buying a Danco 89448A universal lever , and it has been great . Do n't waste your time , just buy the Danco .
 It seem to be high quality but is not &#34; universal &#34; as it does n't fit American standard toilet having a corner position of the lever .
 The threads of the bolt section do not go all the way around therefore the nut can not screw onto the threads . I do n't understand how this got a postive first review . It is defective .
 It is a peace of junk , poorly made , the switch only works when it wants , I thru the whole thing in the trash
 This stuff is called `` Magic Cover Contact paper , '' as opposed to good , old , plain `` Contact paper . '' The only magic about it is that they somehow took a reliable , easy to use product and magically turned it into a nightmare to use.I use Contact paper to line shelves and protect the wood . Contact paper has always been easy to peel off and re-position or to remove altogether when it 's time to re-line the cupboards . This time I brought home Magic Cover Contact paper , thinking it would be the same , but it 's not . Namely :1 - Magic Cover Contact paper is too sticky and difficult to pull off if you need to re-position it -- I shudder to think how hard it would be in a couple years when it 's time to re-line the shelves .2 - After only the short time it takes to apply it , then try to pull it up to re-position it , Magic Cover Contact paper leaves sticky residue on the shelf -- which entirely defeats the purpose of trying to protect the shelf by lining it .3 - Magic Cover Contact paper is thinner and floppier -LRB- and no doubt cheaper to make -RRB- than regular Contact paper , making it more difficult to control and use .4 - The backing of Magic Cover Contact paper rips off in incomplete strips and pieces so you have to scratch at it to get more pieces off -LRB- like trying to remove a sticker from a window -RRB- , unlike regular Contact paper 's backing which comes off in one nice , big peel.If you want to quickly cover your shelves with a product that will protect them and is easily removed , make sure it says only `` Contact paper '' on the label . BUT , if you want to spend all afternoon applying sticky residue to your shelves , `` Magic Cover Contact paper '' is for you .
 The product allows light with privacy ... but the bubbles that appear while trying to apply it is irritating . I am sorry that I did not buy the more expensive brand . My loss .
 I bought this to put on the glass parts of my door for privacy because it is listed as `` window flim '' The packaging calls it self adhesive decorative covering for shelves , drawers , arts & crafts & that 's what it is.It 's white clear contact paper & will not work for what I bought it for . I could have gotten this at my local dollar store but I waited for this & paid over $ 7 after shipping . Wasted my money .
 This is not frosted . The pattern is horrible . If I had n't wrapped it right back up to return , without using , I would include a photo with my review . I am not happy . Order something else if you want frosted .
 This product is contact paper with adhesive , which can be used for various purposes
 I bought this product in an attempt tp match my oak wood cabinets . From the image it would have been a touch light , but sadly the image does not match the product I received . It is called Golden Oak , but it has a lot of cream colored lines and the darker parts are much more yellow than the posted vendor image . Because this is from a vendor and not Amazon , I assume I would have to pay to ship it back which means it would hardly be worth my while to do the return . I do not recommend the Golden Oak Magic Cover self adhesive decorative covering unless you want something that honestly does not look at all like oak .
 Is n't as nice of a ` frost ' appearance as I had hoped . Its actually a bizarre design , not the smooth even frost of the professionally frosted windows .
 I tried to use this on a window on my RV , and I was careful and applied very slowly , and there were still way too many bubbles and creases , to where it looked terrible from the outside and I just ripped it off . Instead , I used a can of frosting spray-paint from Home Depot , and that looked way better . Still not perfect , but way better than this stuff , which is now in the trash.I gave it 2 stars because its possible someone else might have been able to apply it better and get good results . But I could n't do it .
 It was terrible . They sent the wrong paper . Apparently , it was mismarked and they did not have the one they showed on website . I had to return it .
 Wrong PRODUCT SHIPPED !! It simply is n't worth the hassle to return this item for the price . They sent me Clear Shelf/Box liner ... not FROSTED WINDOW FILM ... . be better
 Was very disappointed in this product - wanted to use it to provide privacy in a window . It 's a really hassle to put on without bubbles/bunching . I had already cut to size , and was putting the first piece on , when I discovered that there were creased portions in the middle of the roll that I could not fix . Furthermore , the end of the roll was pretty much unusable for this purpose -LRB- putting on windows -RRB- , because it had been wrinkled/folded during the rolling process . Very disappointing , I would recommend avoiding this product .
 If you do n't care if you can see through this just fine , then it 's ok . I wanted it to actually keep stuff from showing through , which it did n't .
 Bought this contact paper to cover working area , it is horrible as far as sticking ability , would suggest if you are looking for contact paper this is not it
 I was n't able to get this on my window with out big bubbles in it . I tried and tried to smooth the bubbles and to line it up . Sadly , I was unsuccessful . Perhaps someone with experience can make this look good , but it 's certainly not an easy thing otherwise .
 Stay Away ! Do n't Waste Your Money!I bought two of these buffing wheels and the mounting holes are so off center they are totally unusable .
 I ordered the same clamps maybe 3 or 4 years ago . They were nice . They were coated with the yellow vinyl instead of the black . Their spring was very sturdy and the metal was heavy and sturdy . These one here are a much cheaper version and for what you pay they should be of higher quality . They are made of light weight metal and a cheap light spring . They do n't have near the clamping power as the older ones . Had I known they would be so cheap and inferior I would not have bought them . They are okay for clamping potato chip bags and cereal bags after they are opened but they are not sufficient for anything that requires a good clamping power like the old ones did . These are A BIG DISAPPOINTMENT ! Where can I buy the little mini yellow clamps that are heavy and really strong ? I wish I knew because I still need some really strong mini clamps ! I need these really small clamps but much stronger .
 Basically , I just wanted to mention that it just ruined all of my work . I have used it on BLACK POLISHED granite tiles bought at RONA . After application the surface was no longer smooth and it no longer shines . It has a film on it . And my mistake was that I did not test it on some other surface first -LRB- even thought they recommend it -RRB- So , if I wo n't find way to fix the problem I 'll have to remove all the tiles . I 've tried different methods of applying it . Used rug , sponge and even sprayed it . Spraying was the worst because it leaves bubbles . Once the bubbles dry they solidify.So , if you want to use this product TEST IT FIRST.Maybe on non dark , non smooth surface it does the job . But not in my case .
 Not the right clamp for me!The sales picture showed orange vinyl -LRB- capped -RRB- spring clamps , very similar to the `` Pony '' brand color spring clamps . What was substituted , arriving promptly was red vinyl -LRB- brushed-on or dipped -RRB- spring clamps.What had been advertized as heavy duty vinyl covered caps were actually lightly brushed-on or dipped red liquid vinyl coverings . The metal clamping edges actually cut thru the brushed on vinyl exposing sharp edges on several of the fifteen clamps ordered.Clamping pressure was great , except I can not afford cuts and scratches on the wood work or myself , I sent them back for re-credit . Although I also ordered a smaller sized fifteen piece spring clamp set . Here the color matched the sales picture ! These had a better quality -LRB- brushed-on or dipped -RRB- vinyl coverings .
 Weld broke on filler cap the first time I opened it . Upon further inspection , I noticed significant flex in the top of the can when the discharge valve handle was pulled . For nearly $ 80 , I expected a can that would last a lifetime of normal use ; this can is poorly made and substandard in all respects.Note
 Last year I purchased two of these cans to use in my motorcycle dealership . Within a year , both cans developed leaks where the nozzle connects to the top of the can , and there does not appear to be a way to fix the leak . The leaks have gotten so bad , that when you go to fill up a motorcycle , the fuel pours out of the cans in a steady stream . I emailed the company with pictures asking for advice on what to do about the leaking cans , but they ignored my request and never responded . Unless you like spending time in the burn unit , I would avoid both this model of fuel can and this manufacturer .
 I was so excited to buy this as a christmas gift . I thought after Hurricane Sandy when we could n't get gas so easily this made a great gift . I read reviews and a couple people said there 's came dented . I figured whats the chance that could happen again , it was probably a fluke . Nope mind came dented also . It was a gift the person i gave it to said it was fine . What a disappointment ...
 I received my order on 4-7-12 and it arrived in perfect condition with no dents or scrapes as other reviewers have encountered . The exterior paint and finish were perfect , and I looked forward to a flawless fuel container that would last a lifetime . Today , 4-9-12 , I took it to the gas station to rinse it out with a couple ounces of gas to remove any residual potential particulate matter inside the can and then fill it with 4.5 gallons of gas to use for both my lawnmower and vehicle . I opened the filler/vent spout and pumped in a quick squirt of fuel to rinse it out . Then I shook the little gas in the can first right side up then upside down with plans to pour the little fuel in the can into my vehicle 's fuel tank . When I turned the can upside down , fuel began squirting in a steady stream from a leak in the fitting where the nozzle most closely attaches to the can . I attempted to tighten this fitting but was unable to do so , it was obviously a defective seal and/or fitting direct from the factory . Despite the high price , I chose this fuel can because it is made in the USA and because of the good reviews I read on Amazon . I am very disappointed.This fuel can is touted as a Type II , meaning it meets the highest standards of safety regulations , although mine leaked profusely at a factory `` sealed '' fitting right out of the box . In defense of Amazon.com though , I must say that they will credit my full purchase price at my request .
 Ordered Eagle can with 7/8 '' spout , recieved can with 5/8 '' spout and big dent in front . Amazon sent one more , still 5/8 '' spout not the 7/8 '' , dent in front and appears to have been dropped hard on the top and nozzel smashed into can , non-usable . Amazon did refund my money so I am pleased about that , I have other Eagle cans they are good , just not when recieved damaged .
 I just purchased this can from amazon and it did come with a dent in the can . The dent does effect the opening and closing of the can which is a clear safety issue with the can . These cans are defective products that amazon is selling . I am waiting to see if they will allow me to return it . I have not and will not use this product . If you are looking for a safety gas can search online instead . I use the `` justright '' brand at my work and it seems to be a much better can . Highly disappointing in amazon for selling such a defect product like this . Those who say the dent will not effect the operation may not know how to use a safety can , but it will scratch the enamel paint . I will wait and hopefully amazon will take it back because I will not buy another eagle brand safety can at this point or at least not from amazon!Update 2/15/10Amazon has sent me a new saftey can which was perfect with no dent and works fine now ! They were great with the response time and sending out a replacement at no cost for shipping and paid shipping back for damaged product .
 The can was dented , and the nozzle look used . Poor quality and packaging ! Will try to return , or cancel credit card payment . Amazon says they do not offer returns on this product . Beware !
 Since I purchased this gas can from Amazon , I was unable to try it out beforehand . Had I been able to do so , I would have taken a pass.I am totally baffled as to how Eagle could manufacture a gas can with such poor ergonomics.First , the pull handle is placed so close to the lift handle that , if you have normal sized hands , you can not readily squeeze the pull handle more than a small distance while gripping the lift handle.Second , the rear loop of the pull handle extends so far back that it contacts the fill spout preventing the pour spout plunger from opening more than a fraction of its full travel . As a result , the pour rate is very low.Third , and the worst , the lift tab on the fill spout gouges your wrist as you try to squeeze the pull handle.No , let me take that back . The worst is that this gas can is not returnable.If you are considering buying this can from Amazon , be sure to check one out at a store to see if your hands are the right size .
 This is an expensive gas can , and it is non-returnable . So I am not amused that it arrived damaged.The box that this can was shipped in was a single layer of cardboard -- not nearly good enough to protect the can . The box got slightly banged up in shipping , not even enough to really notice when I received it -- but the can has a nice substantial dent in it . Also some of the paint had flaked off the bottom rim , and that part of the box was completely fine.This makes me think that -LRB- 1 -RRB- the steel is n't a heavy enough gauge to make the can as tough as I would expect for this price level , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the paint is n't as well bonded to the steel as it should be.So how long will this can last , even if I get one that is * not * damaged in shipping?I 'm starting to think that the only way to get the quality I wanted is to go into the past . Buy something from Ebay that was made in America in 1950 .
 This gas can should be great considering the price and reviews , but do n't believe it . The handle is strange and can not be fully opened . If that was the only problem , I 'd deal with it , but its not . I went to fill this can up for the first time which I would be using for my landscaping business . After adding the ethanol shield , I started to shake the can to mix it . Gas started flying everywhere . I added plumbers dope and tape to the nozzle threads and tightened the nozzle tight thinking this was the problem . Nope , upon further inspection while trying to put gas in my lawn mower , the factory nozzle connection started dripping gas . Luckily Amazon refunded my money and Eagle will never get another dime of my money .
 After two uses , the flexible spout came apart where the parts are soldered together . I can fix this , but should n't have to on a brand new item . As others have said , the ergonomics are also extremely poor . I would not buy another at any price .
 Highly dissapointed in these cans . Bought 2 , Bought for speed , figureing the vent would provide it , Wrong , their twice as slow as the ones without vents . Whole lotta money wasted , as I went back to useing my old unvented cans . I ` d like to return them and get my money back !!!
 I have had this product for one year and have stripped two of the star bits ... they actually bent while taking out screws !! I have n't used this much but it was certainly not machined very well or with quality matierials !! Think twice about this product as the smaller star bits just simply do n't hold up ...
 I purchased this shower head during my bathroom remodel , and used it for the first time today -LRB- 7/7/10 -RRB- . First Mistake
 you get what you pay for and this item proved that quickly . I would not recommend this item for use any where or anyone
 This drain cock is not the one pictured here . The one that ships from AntOnline has a rubber o-ring seal and knurled knob . The one I received leaks , and apparently AntOnline 's policy is that I need to deal with the manufacturer or eat the cost and shipping for open products . Not good customer service .
 My current mailbox is one of those `` old school metal ones '' . I put it up ten years ago , and I 've had to do minor maintenence on it twice since . I really thought that I was stepping into the new age with an all plastic unit ... makes perfect sense for year-round trouble free use . HOWEVER ! The mailbox was warped and faded right out of the box , and any meticulous effort to install a plumb 4x4 post is wasted ... since you 're covering it with a curved and distorted mailbox . It does go together very simply , and although it will probably last 629 years in a landfill , I do n't expect it to last very long out at the street . Since receiving it , I 've `` toured '' the neighborhood and looked at others , they 're all warped too . I 'm sure it 'll serve well to get mail , but I was going for something that will also improve my yard appearance .
 I had a different model of the plastic step2 mailbox , one that unfortunately had a flat piece under the top , where gunk would build up . It got to the point where when it rained , there was a nasty green gunk oozing from the front right bottom corner . I felt sorry for the mail person , and decided to replace it.This is about as easy to install as you can get , especially if you 're replacing something that already used the standard post . I had to cut my post down , because this one is n't hollow all the way up - where the back cover is , that 's all the height it has for a post . Easy enough to cut down though.The doors open very easily , and have magnetic latches . I 'm curious to see how it holds up in the rain , since it does n't look like there 's much at all to prevent rain from getting in if the wind is right . < edited answer below > The top just pushes onto the base and post , then screws in with four screws . Since it 's hollow you need to make sure you do n't tighten them down too much or it will deform the outer shell.Numbers are easy to put on , there 's several of each number so you should n't have any problem if you have three or four digits in your number , but if you have a longer number with repeats , you may be in trouble . For me , four non repeating digits meant I was able to put them on both sides without any problem.Front and back are very easy to open , flag is a little stiff but that 's better than something that falls down in the breeze . My biggest complaint is that they did n't offer any type of oval cover for where the lag bolts go in the front . It 's just ugly silver sticking out there . At least the top screws were black so they blend in easily , but the front lag bolts and the rear screws for the cover are silver and very obvious.Once together , though , it 's a solid mailbox.Edited 1/28/13 - In Wisconsin , I 've been getting snow in the mailbox , and when we had some rain yesterday when the weather got unseasonably warm , my mail was pretty soaked . If you live in an area that gets precipitation , and this will be facing a direction in which prevailing winds blow , you 're likely to spend as much time with wet mail as with dry mail . I dropped it from 4 stars to 2 stars since this is proving to be a real issue with this mailbox now . I guess this is just another example of getting what you paid for ...
 I own few Makita cordless and very happy with all of them BUT this one.Heavy , not enough power , eating battery really fast , the overload mec . is getting into action and shutting it down really quick with very little load . . I use it for small stuff but still - it simply does n't do the job . Cheap price - yes , can be handy for light use - Yes , but nothing more than that . I am very disappointed ... wish I could return it . .
 This grinder has a safety feature that makes this grinder pretty useless . When you put too much stress on the grinder it shuts itself off ... how nice a grinder that shuts off when you use it ... good for light duty , cutting off nails etc. . .
 I have had what makita calls a grinder for about four months now , this thing has pushed me to almost throwing it out the van window everytime I have used it , it is a POS.It has no power it do any type of work what so ever , which is by my standards odd for makita as I have aleast 5 of their 18 volt LXT tools.I give it a zero rating , meaning , not worth bringing home.My recomendation is this : DO N'T BUY THIS POS , IT DOES NOT PERFORM , IT IS A PIECE OF CRAP !
 I bought a four peace from makita 2 years ago . Everything worked for about a year then one-by-one they broke , just quit working or like the BGA452Z -LRB- the grinder -RRB- . I can cut din-rail for an electrical panel and change my new batteries two times . NOW . . my dewalt set i have , my buddies have , and the company i work for have WILL OUT PREFORM any tool from makita . . I love my dewalts and my cheep makitas are in the trash . . I should say i use my tools hard 5-6 days a week . To put a lamp together at home on your time buy makita.For long tool life and hard working by Dewalt and same time and money .
 I have a set of the Makita LI-Ion tools and bought this later to supplement the kit . I got it on sale but still would not buy it again . It takes VERY little pressure to make this tool go into automatic shutoff . I have a Dewalt set also and hands down the Dewalt grinder a better tool . All of the other Makita tools in the set are fine , saw , sawzall , drills , impact all work well .
 I have the entire line of 18 volt tools and love all except this one.Reasons , I am not satisfied with this tool , you must have a fully charged battery to start right off the charger !! If not the red light comes on and it shuts down.The overload switch is way way too sensative , shuts the unit down when you are cutting a 16 penny common nail.The shut down feature of the tool kills its advantages.I brought the tool to a Makita service center , they installed a new control system in the unit . After seven weeks of light use same problem is reoccuring . In addition the swith will not stay on . Makita needs to redisign this tool . It is a great tool if you can keep it running . Now I have to hold the swith on while running it not good . I 'm going to bring it back to the service center and see if they can take the overload system out and replace the swith . If they can do this I will now have a good tool.JUST TO KEEP EVERYONE UP TO SPEED I BROUGHT THE GRINDER BACK TO THE SERVICE CENTER THEY ARE PUTTING THE LATEST AND GREATEST CONTROL MODULE IN IT , I WILL POST THE RESULTS WHEN I GET IT BACK.Brian
 The RotoZip RZ05-2100 is a very poor performing tool . I attempted to use it to cut flooring underlayment and had very bad results . First off the bit continued to fall out and could not get the height adjusted to cut just the 1/2 plywood in my bathroom . The cord placement is on the side and gets in the way all the time . Also , the wood cutting bits do a very poor job of cutting and the tool was all over the place ! Very unhappy purchase , returning to the store right now !
 I have heard good things from people and articles about the Rotozip . I went out and bought one for a remodeling project and was disappointed in its ability to cleanly cut through some wood . Kitchen cabinets proved to be too strong of a material for it to cut through easily . Laminate wood flooring also defeated it too . It is also very loud and does n't feel like it was made to last .
 Within less than 5 minutes of actual use , one bit came loose and nearly fell out , 2 different bits got stuck in the chuck , requiring that I take the thing apart and use various wrenches to free them -LRB- so much for the `` keyless '' system -RRB- . On top of that , the guide device -LRB- the thing that keeps it a fixed distance off of the workspace -RRB- did not attach securely , making the tool nearly impossible to control and making it hard not to break the bits -LRB- I broke 1 and was lucky not to break another -RRB- . This tool is an accident wating to happen -- it 's a shoddy and dangerous , in my opinion . I would n't recommend it if it were $ 20 , let alone $ 100 -LRB- the price at my local Home Depot -RRB- . I wasted half a day on this worthless tool and I 'm POed at Home Depot for even carrying such garbage .
 I borrowed a Roto-Zip on one or more occasions and I liked it . I was very happy when I received one as a gift . I was very disappointed though when I used the cut-off attachment and I could not get the cut-off wheel off ! The lock down button went in , but could not keep the unit from spinning . The plastic had parted to the side . Now I will have to go through the aggravation of getting it repaired , or even better , sending it back . Thanks for wasting my time ROTO-ZIP ! I 'll stick to my angle grinder .
 I ordered 25 clothesline tighteners for SIM Supply . They sent an inferior/cheaper product than what was ordered . They will not respond to any attempts to resolve the problem . Be aware . They are not a company that I will ever do business with again .
 Arrived on time with all the parts . Worked fine for the first few cuts then the slide froze . Makita on line service no help and had to return to service center for repairs .
 I researched this over the weekend and came in Monday morning to execute my purchase , only to find the price had gone up $ 100 overnight!It was a good deal at $ 399 but at $ 499 , I 'll look elsewhere .
 Saw arrived damaged but sat unopened for a month . Now damage is apparent . How do I RMA and get a new saw sent out ? Please advise immediately .
 I Have used almost all the higher end chop saws over the years extensively . including a few iterations of this ten inch Makita . I 've been using a co-worker 's brand new one for a few months now , and have to say that I 'm very dissapointed.By no means am I griping , I just figure others would like to know about the issues I have run in to.Firstly an old complaint , when you have a piece of stock ready to cut , it completley covers the miter gaudge . Minor I know but still annoying.The laser is very faint even in a dark room , and only casts about four inches of laser light on the piece of 1x12 you are trying to cut at an odd angle . Also the adjusment of the laser leaves alot to be desired as well . You just loosten a thumbscrew and it wiggles around all over the place -LRB- as opposed to the Hitachi 10 '' saw that has a great laser system -RRB- . I have had some serious problems with the blade guard recently , where it gets caught on the work piece in various different cutting positions -LRB- including square -RRB- , thereby ruining the cut and forcing another attempt . I 've taken to just pinning the guard up with my cutting hand to get the job done which is not very safe.the ability to tighten the miter gaudge out of the detents is n't very strong at all , which leads to trouble when you for example , set the miter to say 4 degrees , tighten the handle , then try to adjust the bevel to say 3 degrees , frequently you end up having the miter click back into the zero detent as soon as you touch the bevel adjustment.The bevel dose n't go past 45 degrees -LRB- maybe 46 -RRB- which should be available on a higher end saw such as this.As far as the good is concerned , The depth of cut adjustment is great . It allows you to set depth , and if you need to make another cut all the way through the piece , you can just swing the adjustment setting out of the way and back again when ready to continue with depth adjusted cuts . I have n't seen this ability on any other saws . The light is very handy , and bright in most lighting situations . The saw is relatively light weight.Lastly a couple of thoughts on other saws . I owned a 12 '' Bosch with the up front bevel . I would n't buy another for sure . It got very innacurate over time , and I 've heard the same from a few other people -LRB- about the 10 '' as well -RRB- . I loved the up front bevel but the thing was huge and heavy , and fell just short of the mark . Do n't even get me started on the Dewalts , I hate those things . I got a chance to try the new Hitachi 's last summer and liked what I saw . The only issue I had was that the entire base of the saw was too small for the size of the cutting head itself , which led to it being very top heavy and tipping prone . With a proper saw stand this should ' t be a problem . I have n't tried the Rigid but have used there table saw recently and it is of good construction . The only other thing to consider is that very very very rarely does a tool come along that 's close to perfect . every hop saw model out there is going to have issues . It 's just a matter of minimizing the problems and trying to keep it within the budget . for my money the Hitachi 10 '' is the way to go . Even though it looks like an alien 's love child .
 Despite the difficulty I had installing the lock , it appears sturdy and well built and worked great once I got it installed ... for 8 days.Installation was pretty straight forward . I 've installed locks and door knobs before so it should have been pretty simple . Unfortunately either this lock or the dead bolt I had on my door previously was just different enough in size , shape , and position that I had to sand out the hole to make it bigger for the lock to fit . What should have been a 20 minute job turned into an hour plus.Once I did get it in , the locked worked fine . It seemed like a couple of times the code programmed in did n't work like it should , but assumed I had just mis-punched it in . Maybe it was an omen because about 8 days after I installed it the keypad does n't work at all . The batteries are fresh , it beeps when you push the programming and reset button , but makes no sound when using any of the buttons on the front/outside . I made the mistake of not keeping the packaging after 3 days of reliable use expecting it to at least last past the warranty expiration , so I just wasted my money . Do n't make the same mistake.I did give it 2 stars because it 's possible -LRB- or likely -RRB- I the one bad unit and most of the others will work flawlessly for years and it does have a nice finish .
 I had this on my vacation house and it quit working after 2 months . Probably because it was on a metal door as this model tends to short out . Wo n't buy another one .
 This lasted 1 year . Keypad broke and would not work so we used the physical Key . That lasted 1 more year until the key got stuck and while gently jiggling the key the entire lock cylinder pulled right out in pieces . It completely fell apart.Trash .
 This air control since I installed submitted malfunction , not presenting the required quality levels , perhaps unrelated to the mark but with the level or condition of the product which has been offered as a novel , which has not been matched to performance from the start of installation .
 this thing is just cheap and weak . but i guess it can still last for years if you are careful .
 I wanted a mogul base CFD and this is the only offering I found . However ... Like many CFDs , the electronics enclosure immediately above the screw base is substantially larger in diameter than the shank of the equivalent incandescent bulb and wo n't fit in the fixture that it was to go into . This is an antique lamp and so I 'm approaching raising the socket in the fixture with a great deal of care .
 Upon tightening the TCP00851 light bulb into its socket the metal Mogul base separated from the body of the bulb . I would never buy another bulb of this brand again .
 I 'm not talking about the base -- I knew when I ordered it that a mogul base is larger than a standard base . The problem I had was the length . This bulb is easily twice as long as the GE Incandescent Mogul Base Bulb that I was hoping to replace . So , unfortunately , it did n't fit in our lamp . It would be great if Amazon or the manufacturer could list the height dimensions in the product description to avoid future problems .
 It is extra large `` mogul base '' and so wo n't fit in normal house lights .
 I ordered 150 ' of 24 '' poultry netting . They sent 50 ' of 72 '' netting . That 's the same amount of wire , but now I will have to cut it into 24 '' strips to use it . That is a lot of extra work . If I had the time , I would return it for the right item , but I have to get the project finished right away and ca n't wait for them to send the right thing . What an inconvenience !
 I only use it maybe 20 times a year , if you need a set like this for every day drop the money on sk or snap on , the case fell apart in six months , buy a heavy duty bag if you purchase
 For the price and picture you would think a light would come with this fan . It does n't so felt a bit scammed and mislead by the description so returned and got another fan .
 This is a nice Horn , I like it , but I 'm not recommending it because of the company Wolo.Bought this horn with their best air compressor and tank , thought I had everything I needed . Installed the horn , put in the compressor and tank , then learned I needed a $ 50 value and a $ 8 horn button . Paid over $ 300 for the compressor and horn , and I ca n't use it till I buy the other parts . The valve should have been attached to the compressor , and the button should have come with the horn . Surprised I did n't have to order the bolts to bolt on the horn . Talk about a nickle and dime company , they wo n't ever get my business again . No I did n't contact them to complain . Whats the point ? Think a company like this cares about customers . Reviews like this get the word out . When people stop buying because they are tired of getting screwed . Someone will get fired and hopefully we will see a change in attitude . If you plan to buy anything from this company please , read the add carefully , check other companies and see what comes with their product , then go back and see whats not included in the wolo product . To bad , it really is a good looking horn , I mounted it on the roof rack , which has some chrome too , on my Avalanche 2500 , lots of complements about it , and surprise when I tell them about the value and button .
 I have been taking either cold or hot showers for two years ... can never get an in between temperature . I would not recommend this to anyone !!!
 The picture shown does not match the part sent to me ! I was able to get it to work ; but what is so stinking hard about getting the picture right ?
 The backing pad that came with my Bosch 1295DVS random orbit sander is of `` soft '' hardness . This backing pad is concave . It only sands using the outer ring of the sanding disc . I 'm refinishing the oak treads on a set of steps and can only sand about 4 treads before I have to replace the sandpaper disc . If the backing pad was flat , the sandpaper disks would last a lot longer . I really like the sander itself , so I just purchased the backing pad with a `` hard '' hardness rating . I 'll let you know how this works out.Feb 5 , 2011 - The `` hard '' pad is better , but is still a bit concave . The edges of the sanding pads wear out first , even when I 'm careful not to go over the edges of the boards and the boards are first jointed flat . Concave is better than convex for sure , but flat is best for sanding flat surfaces - someone should clue the Bosche engineers into this .
 I purchased this impact wrench because I wanted a tool to remove the lug nuts on my car when a pneumatic tool was n't available . This tool is worthless at that task . It makes a tremendous amount of noise and achieves nothing . I strongly recommend against this tool based on its very poor performance .
 The thermostat did n't work well in the automatic setting . It did n't heat at all no matter how many times we tried following the instructions
 I bought this heater in December ' 07 . On the plus side : It 's quiet.It puts out a good amount of heat when it 's on.On the negative side : The thermostat is quite inaccurate . Its 80 degrees is more like 72 degrees.There is no way to keep the heater on all the time . Even in non-thermostat mode , it shuts itself off when the room temperature reaches 75 degrees . It will not turn itself on again until the room cools down AND the heater is turned off then back on.After about 3 months , the single control button started malfunctioning . It either will not register a push or registers multiple pushes per per push . It makes operation an annoying guessing game.I do n't recommend this heater .
 Turns on for about ten seconds and then turns itself off . Good news is the safety shutoff works ! Bad news is that 's all that works on this heater . My advice look elsewhere .
 Yes it heats and the low speed is quiet , but the instructions say-don ' t us in a bathroom , and the marketing says the bathroom is one of the good uses.The thermostat function , seems not to do anything . The heater does not turn on when it is selected.I am disappointed that Amazon would sell anything that so blatantly fails to perform some of its promised functionality .
 This product does not perform as stated ! The temperature control does not work and it gives very little heat . I took it back two days after I received it ; which meant packaging it and waiting in line to send it back !
 I put this heater into a very cold bedroom and had to keep &#34; upping &#34; the thermostat to the highest -LRB- 80 -RRB- before it came on continuously and it clicked off while the room was still cool-ish . If you do n't care about a thermostat , and just want it either on or off , you 'll love this heater ! It 's super quiet and nice looking . Frankly , I hate to return it , but I bought it with the thought of it being on while sleeping and keeping the room at a certain temp . For that , the thermostat needs to work properly .
 There is no doubt that this is a quite machine . There were two reasons for that , however . The first is that the fan is quiet ; the second is that its thermostat would not allow the heater to run long enough to put out any significant heat . I returned the unit to Amazon .
 I purchased this heater in hopes to heat a medium-sized bedroom . Turned in on once for about 15 minutes to learn how it works . Turned it off and unplugged it - as I wo n't sleep with a space heater on during the night . Got up the next morning and turned it on . Within 7 minutes , flames were burning the plastic housing . Fortunatley , I was in the room and smelled the plastic . I removed my cat from the area and took care of the flames . I 've written to the MFG to let them know about the incident - never heard back from them . I 'm pretty sure I wo n't be purchasing any Holmes products in the future ! I strongly urge everyone to be cautious when using any type of space heater ... may you not pay a big price for a litle warmth .
 this heater is very quiet , but it never turns on . I basically have to use the manual option . The heater hardly turns on . . do n't count on the themostat .
 It only lasted a few days then it would n't heat , and a few days later the fan gave out . The company sent me a different model heater as a replacement under warranty , which works good , but as for this particular heater , it was n't good for me .
 These guys are selling this heater for $ 65.99 plus $ 10.79 for shipping !!! Go to the Holmes website and buy it for $ 29.99 .
 I had my secretary order this heater for my office . It never worked from day 1 . I 've tried every possible setting and it will only turn on for about a min before it shuts off and never comes back on again . It does n't stay on continuously on the Low or Hi settings like it 's supposed to either . I 'm having her return it . Total junk !
 temperature control did not work , I got a replacement and it also had the same issue . But I kept it because it was quiet , I moved the thermistor from inside the unit to outside and it works fine now .
 This heater is over designed and inconvenient to use . It heats your space as well as any other personal heater , but the thermostat provides no additional control over an `` On/Off '' switch . And the handle grips on the sides give you no leverage at all in moving it around . It takes both hands to pick it up which is very awkward - especially if the heater is under your desk . I purchased two other heaters from different manufacturers at the same time and they are far easier to manage because they have handles on top . They were also less expensive and provide the same heat output . This one is n't worth the extra cost .
 Got the item in 1 day , drop shipped from within state , wow!But the heater would NOT work -LRB- not the nerds or my fault -RRB- in temperature mode at all , Only High on , & Low on worked.Not acceptable if you do n't want it 90 degrees or higher ! : -RRB- Asked for a Return , got authorization promptly , shipped back USPS-slowly , still awaiting credit.Expect both to/from shipping charges -LRB- $ 21 -RRB- & unit price to be refunded , obviously will see what is done by The Nerds.I hope they are fair with no hassle !
 I bought a Holmes HFH2986-U Whisper Quiet Power Heater from Amazon . It arrived in a couple of days . I did n't think it worked very well . The thermostat in my apartment said 62 degrees . I set the space heater to 70 and then 75 and auto , but it would go on for two minutes and then off for eight . One night I just set it manually on high so that it would not go off . It was still working when I got up at 3:30 a.m. , but when I got up in the morning , it was off . I turned it on again , something glowed red , I smelled that `` something electrical is burning '' smell , and it went off . Clearly , the item was defective . At least the automatic turn-off worked . I am now trying to return it . That is n't working well , either . I thought UPS would come for it yesterday -LRB- 11/3 -RRB- , but it is now 6:30 p.m. on 11/4 , and they still have not come . I am sure they will come and I will get a refund . I subsequently bought a Vornado Whole Room Heater from a hardware store . It cost twice as much , but it is terrific . It heats my whole apartment very quietly and effectively .
 The thermostat is my big problem with this heater . I have it on 80 , but I know the room temp is well below that -LRB- about 68-70 -RRB- and it still wo n't cycle on . When it does come on , it stays on for less than a minute . I bought this at my local store for $ 39 , not through Amazon . But I just had to check out the reviews here to confirm that the thermostat problem was not just specific to my heater . I 'm returning this anyway .
 This heater on first appearance was well-made . It was remarkably quiet . That being said we had to return it.It consistently blew our electric circuits . Even when we tried putting it on the lowest temperature , it still drew too much power.Not sure why this was happening but felt compelled to return the heater and buy another brand .
 There are much better working heaters out there for the money . I 've had the Holmes ` One-Touch ' for over a year now , and although it does provide OK heat in manual -LRB- constant on -RRB- mode , it does not work well at all in thermostat mode . The unit turns on for only perhaps a minute or two , then shuts off for a much longer period of time . It does not seem to have a temperature sensor to control the unit 's thermostat , and thus keep an area heated properly . The unit would have been better off if it had a timer , where you could set it to let 's say turn on for 5 minutes , then off for 10 , or whatever else time intervals you would need to properly keep your area heated . This is a major shortcoming , since you do n't want to keep your space heater on constantly for long periods of time -LRB- fire hazard -RRB- , and you must rely on a thermostat or timer mode to keep the unit on in intervals .
 I bought this heater about six weeks ago . One morning I turned it on , and saw sparks and smoke pouring out of it . Luckily , I was there and could turn it off . Otherwise , it would have started a fire.I called Holmes immediately and they seemed unconcerned about this matter.It is unlikely that mine is the only heater that may catch on fire . Consider yourself warned !
 I bought a Vornado heater and was very happy with it . I wanted another one and should have stuck with a sure thing . Instead I let the lower price of the Holmes lure me in . Not the same . :-LRB- It 's true , you get what you pay for . If you must buy the cheaper heater , go to Target and get 30 % off all their heaters now at least . I just saw this heater for $ 25 at Target . I 'm going back to Bed Bath and Beyond with a 20 % off coupon and buying another Vornado . Their coupons never expire by the way even though they have an expiration date .
 I purchased this unit off season - so I paid a fraction of the 39.99 being asked here.The thermostat has never worked on the unit - only the continuous HI / LO settings . -LRB- I got sick , forgot about it and the 30 days to return it expired - never thought about the warranty -RRB- . I use this unit in a rarely used 4X6 bathroom . This unit is cumbersome , fat and not easy to grip to pick up and transport to another space . So , even though the functions are not all operable , I 've found a practical use for it . The unit is relatively quiet - much quieter than their HFH442 . It would probably be a very useful unit if the thermostat were operable .
 I got this at Rite Aid to keep me warm at night . I specifically chose this fan heater because of its thermostat feature so that my room would n't get too hot overnight.I tried setting the thermostat to 70 degrees , but when that did n't satisfy me , I set it to 80 on high . This thing behaves ridiculously . It 'll turn on for a minute or so , but then it 'll off for about a half hour before starting up again . Even with it set at 80 degrees , the room ca n't have been more than 72 degrees when I awoke in the morning . I do n't think it ever gets up to 80 degrees before shutting off again . I 'll be returning this to the store.The 1 Touch control sounds simple and convenient , but it 's actually a bit of a hinderance to have to cycle through a dozen options . A plus is that the fan really is considerably quiet -LRB- though , on low , it has an eerie buzz to it -RRB- .
 Let me tell you the sequence of events for me with this heater . 1 -RRB- I opened the box . 2 -RRB- I plugged in the heater . 3 -RRB- I turned the heater on . 4 -RRB- It immediately switched off and never turned back on . What an absolute waste of time and money , this is horrible . Do n't buy this product because it has an automatic switch off that you ca n't turn off . The thermostat thing is wrong and you ca n't fix it or override it .
 I bought the Moen 7445 to replace my old Moen 7445 . But the new one is changed from the old one , so I could n't use it . The design has been changed , but the product description does n't say that . I had to send it back . It does n't mount the same way , and the hose hookups are changed . And of course I lost money because of the shipping costs and the restocking fee .
 As mentioned in other reviews , this is a cheaply made product that can `` snag '' if you do n't wind it in correctly , rendering it impossible to unwind . I have managed to slowly unwind and wind it several times so that it can now wind out at most 6 feet . I recently purchased this because of its inexpensive price but regret it already .
 That 5 star review - it sounds like a product promo by the marketing company for GB . Maybe not , but read it again and ask if it does n't sound a bit polished.Here 's the good
 Am I dense ? I found this fish tape very hard to use . So hard to get the steel tape out . I had to pull hard . Reeling it in is easier . Am I holding/using it wrong ?
 The case the bits came in was cheap and broken , the bits looked so cheap I could not bring myself to use them . I returned them unused .
 After less than two months it began leaking from the collar used to adjust the spray settings . Not a very good product , but I have to keep typing because 20 words are required by amazon .
 I installed this system five years ago after a hurricane swept through our town . We are infrequently hit by hurricanes , but we are frequently hit by thunderstorms that knock out the power here in this part of Virginia . Apparently burying power lines in a forested area is something they still have n't gotten around to or do n't see the wisdom of . Oh well , the locals did begrudgingly eliminate debtor 's prison , so I guess this state is slowly crawling towards the 21st century , but I digress.The bane of my existence is the non-stop screeching alarm on the control unit that - in spite of a new battery installed TODAY and a new sump pump installed LAST WEEK - is five hours later beeping away at a pitch that can be heard throughout the house and - here 's the catch - can not be turned off . It has a button that says it should turn off the alarm for 24 hours after being held down for four seconds but it does not . The unit that when first reactivated after the new battery was installed said we had seven hours charge , now says we have two hours charge and has a red light with the very descriptive motto `` battery problem '' . This is the same red light that we had with the old battery . Obviously that was not the problem.This control unit has acted intermittently flaky from day one but is at this point turning the peace of my house into the Amityville Horror story . Think carefully before you install this particular backup system , because from my standpoint the control unit at least is a hunk of junk . If I seem crabby I am , and you would too after three visits from a plumber over ten days and still no solution and no relief from this beeping alarm .
 I could n't agree more with the reviews I 've read . Technical service is also a problem , whilst they will contact you in 3 days ! The alarm is our main problem , which says the battery is defective , while it has a 13 volt charge . Also , the alarm wo n't shut off with the reset button , which will start short-circuiting the rest of the system . I 've gone through two batteries in 4 months , obviously that was n't the problem . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT unless you have a family member who works there and can replace your system every 3 months .
 The alarm is difficult to shut off , takes about and hour of goofing around with it . One time I had to disconnect the whole thing to get it to shut off.This unit started popping fuses and over charging the battery after I had it for around 12 months.I sent it in once for service , which cost me $ 100 plus shipping.After about a year , it 's doing the same thing again . Popping fuses.I 'm supposed to send it in for repair again , but instead I 'm going to throw it in the trash and look for a better quality pump.Also , I did a careful measurement and my unit pumps less than half the advertized gallons per hour , even when considering the pipe losses.I spend around $ 600 on this junk including the battery . What a complete waste.Absolute garbage , save your money .
 We have owned this unit for less than a year and the battery fuse keeps blowing . When we first bought the unit and installed it we had the same issue so we called the company and they told us to replace the battery . We did this and did n't have an issue for quite a while . Now we are having the same issue again on a battery that is less than a year old . There seems to be something wrong with the charging system sending too many amps to the battery .
 This system is terribly underpowered when operating on the battery -- it pumps fine with power but this does n't help in a power failure . When this was first installed , it would n't lift water out of the sump basket at all under battery power . I have 9 foot basement walls and the basket is 3 foot deep . Customer service informed me that I had too many 90 degree elbows so I had the sump pump plumbing reworked to eliminate all 90 degree elbows . Even after making this change , the pump can barely move water out of the well . I doubt it will keep up in a significant rain during a failure . If you need a true back-up system , you would be better off spending the money on a back-up generator .
 To make a long story short , we have to replace the battery every 5 months . Three strikes and you 're out . This is our third time and I 'm throwing this thing in the garbage . Sure , it has a one year warrantee and we get it replaced `` for free '' but it comes with a lot of pain in the ass aggravation . You still have to have the battery tested -LRB- we do this at Pep Boys -RRB- and get a receipt so wherever you bought it from will believe you when you exchange it . So that 's two trips , one to Pep Boys for proof , and one to Lowes for the exchange and believe me , it is not fun lugging this very heavy battery around , not to mention the constant threat of the acid contained within ... in and out of your car , in and out of two different stores , in and out of your crawlspace , up and down stars , ... etc.Then , you still have to buy and play with deadly acid every time , which is not replaced for free . Yes , the battery and acid are sold separately , and you have to fill the battery with acid yourself . For us this means being hunched over and crouching in a dirty crawlspace with poor ventilation and poor lighting . I pour the acid while my wife holds a flashlight for me . This is not an ideal situation to be pouring deadly acid , and if you have the biggest battery they sell which we do , it takes double the acid , double the cost.We tried to do what we thought to be the right thing and buy from an American company located in our own home state , but I 'm sorry to say this was a big mistake . I 'm so tired of hearing that damn annoying alarm go off every 5 months ... our basement flooded almost 2 years ago , and we were n't covered by insurance so we lost everything as it was our main living area . This is what prompted us to buy a Basement Watchdog in the first place.Today I 'm just going to buy a regular sump pump with no battery back up and if we ever lose power and flood again , at least we 're now covered by insurance . Another day in the crawlspace thanks to Glentronics and their Basement Watchdog . Good bye and good riddance ... DO NOT BUY .
 The photos of the Forte sculpted towel bars look very nice but we got some 24 '' and 30 '' ones for our new master bathroom and they all have problems with the connection between the main section of the rod and the end pieces . None of them have the nice continuous smooth curve you see in the photos . They all have little gaps at the joints that I expect to snag things like terry towels . Maybe it 's how our contractor did the installation , but one is even bent a little at one end -LRB- they 're going to replace it -RRB- . I have n't used these as towel rods yet , if they snag as much as I expect then I 'll be looking for a replacement fairly soon .
 Knife does not sharpen well . After a period of time the blade has loosened in the handle and can be wiggled .
 The item was just as discribed , the iron is very strong and durable but weighs a ton . However , the shades are another story ... !!! does not look anything like the picture online . . !! it is very brown , it looks like it has a lot of dirt and dust on it , it is not white or even egg shell color like i thought it would be . The packaging for delivery was great ... !! The return process was a breeze . I will difinitely buy from this manufacturer again !!
 This cutter literally brokein half when I tried to cut off my ring . very poorly constructed and did could not accomplish its intended task .
 Broke while I was using it . Cheaply made and very flimsy . Easily one of the worst purchases I 've ever made .
 Puece of junk . The wheel kept slipping out of the groove pinching the patient . Applied pressure only warped the wheel . Crap product . Does n't warrant one starADC Premium Ring Cutter
 The item 's screws were stripped and failed to turn when pressure was applied . The thing could n't cut through butter let alone a gold ring . In the end , we took it apart attached the bit to a dremel tool and cut the rings off that way . -LRB- watch out it gets hot and do n't try this unless you know what you 're doing -RRB- . Had I known , I would have just gone to the jewelers in the first place , rather than wasting time waiting for this piece of crap .
 I used this outdoors on metal and plastic in order to more easily see low posts and utility boxes when backing out my car . The areas were first primed/undercoated with KILZ oil-based spray primer.After a few weeks , the Rust-Oleum began to noticeably fade . Now , two months later , the yellow is almost gone from the surfaces subjected to direct sunlight . The white KILZ undercoating shows no signs of fading , I would add .
 I might recommend this specialty paint to a jogger because it 's Runny . On the other hand I would n't recommend this paint to somebody in the office football pool because it does n't cover . If it even approximated the bright , neon orange color on the lid , I 'd be satisfied . It does n't . Instead I got a subdued fluorescent orange with plenty of the painted object showing through.To give it every chance to shine , I used this Rust-oleum on wood , metal , cardboard , and a Mr. Potato Head . Results on all are unimpressive . I can only hope this review helps someone from making the same mistake I did .
 This spray paint is extremely thin and runny and does n't coat well at all . You can see the original finish through the paint even with 3 + coats . It does n't stick well to finishes other than paper -LRB- tried on metal and leather too -RRB- . It seems like the only thing it may be good for is making signs like on the picture of the can . For everything else it 's completely useless . I would not recommend this to anyone and wish that I could return it for something else !
 I was hoping for a bright , shiny bubblegum pink to match the fluorescent pink duck tape you can get now . This is not that . It 's kind of a bright deep salmon or coral colour -- which is not helped by the completely flat finish . I hated the colour so much I spent hours sanding it off my project .
 First , you ca n't return things like this , so you 're stuck with it , so I wish I 'd known the real color before I got it . I was sure the color it looks online with the cap was n't how it 'd actually look , but it is ! It 's more of a bright watermelon-y , more on the salmon side , color than what I think fluor/neon pink is , so I hate it ! I 'll have to try again .
 I used this outdoors on metal and plastic in order to more easily see low posts and utility boxes when backing out my car . The areas were first primed/undercoated with KILZ oil-based spray primer.After a few weeks , the Rust-Oleum began to noticeably fade . Now , two months later , the yellow is almost gone from the surfaces subjected to direct sunlight . The white KILZ undercoating shows no signs of fading , I would add .
 I might recommend this specialty paint to a jogger because it 's Runny . On the other hand I would n't recommend this paint to somebody in the office football pool because it does n't cover . If it even approximated the bright , neon orange color on the lid , I 'd be satisfied . It does n't . Instead I got a subdued fluorescent orange with plenty of the painted object showing through.To give it every chance to shine , I used this Rust-oleum on wood , metal , cardboard , and a Mr. Potato Head . Results on all are unimpressive . I can only hope this review helps someone from making the same mistake I did .
 This spray paint is extremely thin and runny and does n't coat well at all . You can see the original finish through the paint even with 3 + coats . It does n't stick well to finishes other than paper -LRB- tried on metal and leather too -RRB- . It seems like the only thing it may be good for is making signs like on the picture of the can . For everything else it 's completely useless . I would not recommend this to anyone and wish that I could return it for something else !
 I was hoping for a bright , shiny bubblegum pink to match the fluorescent pink duck tape you can get now . This is not that . It 's kind of a bright deep salmon or coral colour -- which is not helped by the completely flat finish . I hated the colour so much I spent hours sanding it off my project .
 First , you ca n't return things like this , so you 're stuck with it , so I wish I 'd known the real color before I got it . I was sure the color it looks online with the cap was n't how it 'd actually look , but it is ! It 's more of a bright watermelon-y , more on the salmon side , color than what I think fluor/neon pink is , so I hate it ! I 'll have to try again .
 good replacement part , shipping a bit slow , ... easy to follow instructions -LRB- but the Door Opener or replacement manufacturer really shall use some stronger materials such as nylon , etc other than plastic to be driven by the metal screw -RRB- .11 / 5/2012 update - The above review was created for my March 13 , 2012 purchase . The replacement rack failed today - after just less than 7 months . The teeth got worn out by the metal screw drive -LRB- the original part lasted for several years -RRB- . I 'm ordering another two now - one for the immediate replacement , and the other as a back up because the estimated delivery date is 11/9 - 11/16 -LRB- i.e. , 4 to 11 days after the order is placed - although Amazon said `` Standard Shipping '' for 3-5 days prior to finalizing my order -RRB- . The other reviewer said the seller charges the same shipping cost if you order two . It 's no longer the case . The shipping is charged per item now.I noticed that now it 's sold by a different vendor , will see if it comes from the same or a different manufacturer with the same or better quality , ... For the poor rack material and recurring efforts in such a short time , I 'm lowering my rating to 2 stars -LRB- from the previous 4 stars -RRB- .
 Replacement part for much less than Sears or a local garage door retailer would charge . Sears is around $ 20 , a local garage shop actually asked $ 45 . I always order two now at a time . The installation is very simple , I would estimate 15-20 minutes and definitely doable for anyone with basic mechanical skills.The problem as other reviewers have stated is with the design . The carriage should be made out of brass to extend its service life . In the plastic version I am changing the carriages out every 2-3 years as a preventive maintenance step even before they fail -LRB- you should expect them to fail after 3 years under normal use , better to do it before the door comes crashing down -RRB- .
 I 've put on toilet seats before and they are pretty much no-brainers . However , I ca n't figure this one out . No directions so I went online and got directions for this model -- except that Kohler has changed the pieces used to attach the seat to the bowl . My Ph.D. husband is stumped also .
 I needed a good quality hardened steel screwdriver set to take my camera apart and bought the above set as it was labelled as a `` jewelers '' screwdriver set . Well , jewelers use hardened steel and the steel on this set is as soft as 2 hour old macaroni . The first screwdriver I used twisted out of shape on the first turn , the 2nd one twisted out of shape too , neither would loosen the screws . I sent it back to the manufacturer and they quickly credited my account .
 Given the price , I probably should n't be surprised - but these things do n't hold up worth a darn . If you 're trying to move a very small screw that 's being stubborn , be careful - it 's easy to damage the tips of these drivers.If you want a cheap set to just have around , just in case , these probably are a decent purchase . But do n't expect them to last .
 Terrible . Not appropriate vanity light . LIght gives off approximately 5 foot candles at sink counter level . Would be a nice decorative sconce if additional lightin was provided .
 The cutters did not open well and did not cut wire . Wrote to the company and they agreed they were not easy to use and did n't perform as expected and said they planned to discontinue item . The company was very prompt in replying to my complaint and sent me a full refund .
 The white light switch on this light broke within hours after taking it out of the package . The switch would click but the white light LEDs would either not turn at all or would light at a fraction of their full brightness after knocking the light against the base of my palm a few times -LRB- and some times that would n't even work -RRB- . I switched out the batteries three times with different rechargeables and alkalines and it was the same problem . I had not abused or dropped the light beforehand -- this was produced just by playing around in my dark apartment . I 'll be sticking with other brands -LRB- such as Streamlight and Fenix -RRB- in the future . Not only have my flashlights from these brands proved dependable but they also produce better light , have better battery life and light output for the same number of batteries -LRB- or even fewer batteries -RRB- . To make matters worse the Smith and Wesson was also more bulky than these lights . For me this light was a real loser .
 This is a nicely built light . It feels solid when held . I like the holster that comes with it . I taught it cool to have the pouch for the extra batteries . The switches are in the right place for one hand operations . The red light feels adequate . The biggest let down with this light is the LED white light . It is white alright but not bright . I read somewhere it is only 20 Lumen , that is not bright for a high priced LED flash light . There is another comparable LED flashlight Coleman Cree XLamp XR-E LED Multi-Color Flashlight , 3 `` AAA '' that comes stocked with 115 Lumens for cheaper and also has an extra green light for map reading . so you get more for less price . I would say those interested in the S&W should also consider the coleman . I am a pilot and taught the S&W flashlight could be used for night aircarft walk around but I was wrong .
 Light is weak , relative to other higher end flashlights that can be bought for just a few dollars more . I owned the Swiss Army LED but my 3 y/o lost it so I decided to try the Smith and Wesson based on great Amazon reviews . Sadly , the reviews are misleading.Ergonomically , this light is a failure . It 's a little to fat and a little too heavy considering it takes AAA cells , sorta stubby-ish , and it does n't have a lanyard or provisions for one . On first use , you 'll notice that this flashlight falls short of the sensuous tactile quality of a mag light or the Swiss Army Light . It 's sorta well made but just not quite satisfying to hold -- not bad but not quite right.The light quality is not the dazzling and almost blinding light that I expect from an LED . The beam 's focus is very broad but it seems to sacrifice brightness and distance for breadth . This is a frustratingly `` soft '' light . You just do n't get a powerful illumination and you ca n't get a focused or pointed illumination.I guess the red light option is neat but I have n't needed it yet and I do n't expect I will . If you just want a decent flashlight at a decent price . This will be OK but do n't expect anything special or especially satisfying to use or hold . Overall it 's OK but disappointing .
 This flashlight seems well made , but it was only reliable for about 6 months , despite delicate , infrequent use.Lately it works only for about a week after which time the batteries need to be replaced . I have had better success with the cheap $ 4 LED flash flights that Amazon sells . IF this flashlight would actually emit light for more than a week -LRB- maybe 2 hrs of battery life -RRB- , then I could recommend it . Otherwise , I would go with another model .
 Disappointed with this flashlight , the beam is too wide , and ca n't be focused , rather dim compared to a Surefire G2 , red LEDs works well , I do n't recommend this flashlight .
 Smith & Wesson Galaxy 13 LED Flashlight -LRB- 10 White LED & 3 Red LED -RRB- First , I have to admit that light light output is great , and that 3 red LEDs , and separate switch for white and red light are nice features . After saying that I have to point out that the size and weight are ridiculously big for a flashlight powered by 3 AAA batteries . The diameter of flashlight 's body looks like you could fit a D cell in there or at least couple of AA 's ... . AAA batteries for something this big is just a wrong choice . Position of switches on a side of lamp is really convenient if you want to play with them , once you have the lamp in your hand . Otherwise , their position is a poor choice , and they can easily be accidentally turned on while lamp is in it 's carrying pouch or in a bag.Overall
 I attempted to used this to track a deer a hunting buddy shot . I quickly realized this was not enough light to see the blood trail . It has 2 buttons for the different lights . which I seem to constantly hit the wrong button . maybe it is user error and maybe it is a bad design . I should have bought a light with more Lumens . I have a couple other lights and they are brighter and more compact . this light is way too big . your mileage may vary . just my impressions .
 Was too big to fit in my 1 &#34; duty belt flashlight holder . A good solid flashlight for any civilian however .
 A vividly bright white and red light is what this flashlight projected the first night and a half of its use . On the second day both lights began to fade from dim to bright at random and periodically the buttons would not work . New batteries were tried with the same effects and the flashlight was gently handled the two days of its use.Reading the reviews of the other cheaper LED flashlights idetical problems can be noted . This leaves me to wonder if the same manufacturer in China also created this flashlight .
 Nice light , well made . But why would anyone design a tactical-style flashlight without a place to attach a wrist strap . Not recommended for use on or near the water .
 I read many great reviews of this product but I must say that it did not work for me as I had hoped . I was looking to replace an older and cheaper led flashlight and figured with a Smith and Wesson brand name I could not go wrong . Upon receiving and installing the batteries I was initially pleasantly surprised ... they updated the flashlight with a strobing feature , then I quickly realized that no , indeed the flashlight was just faulty . It would not remain turned on unless you gave it just the right &#34; love tap &#34; and did not touch it from that point on . It flickers with every movement of your hand . I tried swapping and flipping batteries and even tried cleaning the contacts -LRB- to remove what was in my opinion an excessive amount of oil -RRB- with an alcohol swab but nothing seemed to do the trick . Hopefully I got one of the rare few with this defect because otherwise it seems like a solid flashlight for under $ 30 . I was really looking forward to the red led at night but I 'll keep looking.Pros : - It was bright when I could get it to stay on-The red led feature would have been usefulCons : - It did not work !
 Received this as a stocking stuffer , nice I know , and only the red light works on this flashlight . Funny thing is I really found myself stuck in the dark needing a flashlight , opened it from its packaging only to discover that clicking on the rubber covered white light button did n't do anything . I swapped out batteries , nothing . Only the red light works . Hopefully I can return it .
 I purchased this flash light to use as a night vision light while flying . Usually a red light would be convienant but this thing , even with the red LEDs , it is too bright to allow your eyes to get used to night vision . Too bright to use the red light . I do not like this .
 Avoiding the cheaper -LRB- Chinese-made -RRB- flashlights listed on Amazon , the Smith & Wesson Galaxy looked like a good investment -- solid construction , case , and great brightness.While the amount of light you get is very good with the amount of bulbs installed , they are not consistent -- meaning , they will start to flicker after average use . After a while , I have to keep hitting the flashlight with my hand to sustain some longevity with the beam of LED light.Most users here are reviewing based on 1 or 2 uses , but after almost 6 months of use , it would be one I would avoid .
 i bought 2 of this earplugs little did i know that they are so hard , it really hurt your ears.i will never buy it again
 These are not the package shipped , photo does n't say not actual product ... i was shipped box without a bead chain ... which was the whole reason i got them for the case/beaded cord for work -LSB- I 'm an electrician and want clean ear plugs easily accessible on my person . . -RSB- I 'm very dissatisfied because how hard is it to find or even TAKe a correct picture as a retailer ... Generally im always excited and happy to get my package ... until i saw the low quality case WITHOUT a bead chain .
 Bought this pair of earplugs as a replacement for some sound earmuffs that broke . Having had more luck with ear plugs in the past , I arrived at this low cost option . I was sorely disappointed . The plastic was hard and did n't form a seal in my ear at all . The case it comes with is very difficult to open , too . Sorry , MSA , I 'll think twice about purchasing from you again .
 Picture shows clear plastic box with chain but what I received was a different box without a chain . I ordered this product mainly because the picture showed the chain , which I though I could attach to my hardhat . Bait and switch ?
 At first I though this would be a heavy duty tool box but when it arrived , i was a little disappointed at the build quality of the box . I found the handle to be very weak and not a safe way to carry this box once filled with my tools . The two front latch does can not handle the weigh and will buckle with very little stuff inside . I would consider a different box if you are a mobile person and require frequent moves . If you just need it in the garage then this might work for you.Instead I went with this one from sears which seems more reliable and sturdier.The Craftsman 26 in . Power Latch Tool Box
 Same thing happened to me with this product . L shaped center support broke - which caused the axle to bend , which caused the wheel bolts to bend . Further on taking it apart to repair noticed many of the parts were either an inconsistent size or not an appropriate size -LRB- from an engineering point of view -RRB- . This was on the third use - had probably done no more than 10 acres total .
 Although assembly was cumbersome , it was not that difficult . My yard is a little over 2 acres . In the first use , the middle brace broke in half and the wheels are not nearly as sturdy as they need to be if you have any amount of weight placed on the plugger.All in all , I was not pleased with the performance or durability of this product .
 THIS IS NOT EVEN A ONE STAR!Waste of money , obsolete battery charged properly per directions but still wo n't hold a charge , after 3 small home repairs battery wo n't charge at all . Customer service said it was my fault .
 After fooling with this stapler i found out how well it really does work , an i might add it does do a very good job , an the battery pack has some power behind it as well , for a hobbyist this is what you wan na get ... had a bad impression at first but it turned out to be the stapler i like . . possible women could have trouble pulling the trigger but it may loosen up after a couple boxes of staples has gone through it ... again folks i do like this product . . i used the 1/2 inch stainless steel staples they recommend . .
 Instead of Nutone Bags , # 391 , as advertised on Amazon.com , I received Envirocare Technologies bags , `` designed to fit '' Nutone central vacs.I do not care for such deceptive marketing.I have n't had to use the bags yet but if they do not stand up I will return them .
 Looked like it said it had a `` T '' style connector . Did not work with my black & decker PW1600 electric power washer . I returned this item .
 The door assembly was easy until it came to part where you attach it to the vertical track . It 's difficult to describe the issue completely , but the track on the door is the same width as the track on the vertical part of the frame . To see why this is a problem think of a shoebox . It has a lid that is slightly wider than the base so it closes . Imagine that box with the lid the same width as the box . It wo n't close at all . You ca n't secure the door to the frame . The vertical track needed to be slightly wider than the door track.Now there are clips , however , if you screw them flush in the vertical track the same size tracks still wo n't clip together properly . If you attach them to the door they do n't stick out enough to fit into the vertical track . Basically , the clips need to be taller by quite a bit.That is my only complaint , but it is a huge one . I ca n't attach the door to the vertical track at all so I ca n't use it .
 Bought two and they both broke . It was the cheap plastic dish . They crack for no reason and we barely used the soap dishes . Broke within weeks of having them .
 This is the DS18DVB drill . However the refurbished kit came with the EB1812 batteries , which are only 1.2 Ah and the charger that came with it will only charge them , not the other 18v batteries Hitachi sells . The picture Amazon has with this item clearly shows the 2.0 Ah batteries -LRB- you can tell by the blue tabs , the 3.0 Ah are yellow and the 1.2 Ah are all black -RRB- While it is a good drill and flashlight , I bought this kit at this price primarily to get a couple more batteries and a back-up charger . You are better off getting the kit new with the better batteries . Better still , get the kit that comes with the 3.0 Ah batteries , a reciprocal saw and a circular saw . I will probably be making Amazon take this back .
 This unit does not have the removable chuck as advertised!Item will be returned .
 I 've used this drill for a few years , about once a month . A fully charged battery does n't last long about 30-40 min of work . It does n't have enough juice to be used as a drill and the battery will last about 10 min . Finally , last weekend while assembling furniture from IKEA , sparks and smoke began coming out from back of the drill . I would not recommend buying this drill to anyone , invest into more respectable brands -LRB- Dewalt , Makita , Panasonic -RRB- . The stud finder is working , definitely it 's not a pro grade by any means . It takes some time to get used to it , you have to recheck 2-3 times to make sure it sees the stud correctly .
 1 . Wrong item initially sent -LRB- cordless ordered , drill with cord sent -RRB- ; contacted seller who apologized & agreed to send correct item .2 . When correct item received , it did not include stud finder originally included in purchase .3 . When correct item was received , batteries for stud finder were bad , exploded & corrosion was all over inside of drill & case ... along with human hair ... DISGUSTING !!! 4 . Response time adequate , but I wo n't buy from this seller again , too many problems for what was supposed to be a Christmas gift .
 Ladder was delivered wrapped in paper and plastic . No padding at all ! Top of ladder was bent so bad will not go up . Very unhappy with this purchase . Do not recommend buying .
 Solid product , but way too heavy for one or even two people to navigate easily .
 This is a piece of crap . I bought it at Northern and the first time I plugged it in the gun nearly melted itself . No blower and the tip became hot enough to smoke and then burned out . Northern should be ashamed to sell products this poorly built .
 These dimmer switches were replacement for switches that had worn out after twenty years of use . These switches have worn out and stopped working properly within the first year of use . I will have to look for a different brand to replace them .
 Besides the lack of dimming control already mentioned -LRB- I thought it was called a ` dimmer ' ? -RRB- rendering it almost useless , it has a sharp mold line running vertically through the middle of the plastic switch toggle which looks cheap and quickly collects dirt , making it even more visible . The only plus is that at full on it lights at 90 % of full power . Many toggle dimmers without an ON detent are as low as 75 % power at full on .
 I found this light on Smith & Wessons site and there it states this light delivering 66 lumens of brilliant white light . Amazon says 93 lumens . I was going to buy this light untill I seen this conflict.I own the Smith & Wesson Galaxy 13 LED Flashlight -LRB- 10 White LED & 3 Red LED -RRB- and so far it has been working great for an led light .
 batteries are SO expensive and die very quickly , buy cheaper one that takes AA batteries would be better for you
 The flashlight worked good . It feels sturdy and seems like it 's good quality . Batteries are super hard to find other than online I could n't find a local store that carried them . My flashlight only worked for about a few months . I have put new batteries in and nothing happens so I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND this flashlight for the long run .
 I had to box all these up and send them back . I found that they produced a single beep on the average of every 4 - 6 hours which became very irritating especially in the kitchen since they were all concentrated in this area which is also near the laundry . I even put them on a sheet of plastic and wax paper as well , thinking that maybe the concrete , wood or tile they were resting on was conducting enough electricity to cause them to do this . It was n't . Maybe mine is a bad batch or maybe the single small beep 4 times a day or more from each one may not bother anyone else . Not trying to tell you to steer away , just be sensitive on this so you can return them before the window closes if it is an issue with yours as well.I am going to buy a different brand . I 'll pay more but sorry Smart Home , I ca n't live with this irritating beep .
 Not a good product did not detect a water heater leak in my basement or laundry room has a puny alarm sound and no weak battery warning .
 It 's amazing how something as simple as a flashlight can be poorly designed , but this unit managed . The switch is only on the back cap , which is very cumbersome to operate while holding the flashlight in a normal grip . -LRB- Cops have some way they 're taught to hold it in a fist . . fine if you 're into cop fantasies I guess . -RRB- Also the button was sloppy . Also my example came with torn o-rings , badly machined , right out of the box . I sent it back and found another brand I like much better .
 Good for light duty action only . Not nearly as good as a Magliner . The cost is very reasonable though . You get what you pay for .
 Read their 5 % dissatisfaction comments.No handtruck yet . This is my seventh review update ... I payed almost $ 20 to ship a $ 40 product.I guess I should have questioned it from the start ! When the `` supplier '' found I had wrote a review he sent me an email . Not to say my shipment was on the way or to atleast tell me why I had n't recieved it . He asked me to remove my post and gave instructions on how to do so ... more to come!They did not offer tracking information , DO N'T EVER ORDER ANYTHING ONLINE THAT CA N'T BE TRACKED . Still has n't arrived 11/8/11 and shipper still have n't located or sent another one .
 You get what you pay for . The thickness of the brass is thin . Cheaply made
 2012/10/18 COMPLAINT : I got ripped-off ! This item was misrepresented as a Pelican 2680 HeadsUp Recoil LED Flashlight.It arrived today and disappointingly , turns out to be a Pelican 2600 incandescent flashlight . I therefore can not recommend this seller and caution anyone wishing to do business with them .2012 / 10/19 THEIR RESPONSE : We 're sorry you feel like you got ripped off . If you had a problem with your product you should of contacted us directly with the issues and things would of turned out better . Unfortunately mistakes happen . We would of offered to refund your money and pay for shipping of returned said item , but unfortunately you decided not to think about your options . Therefore we regret to inform you that due to your outburst we wash our hands of your situation and hope you learn a valuable lesson of thinking before speaking . Again sorry you had an issues with your product due to a stocking mistake . Best of luck.M & M ; MerchantsVP of Sales Michael J.
 I do n't know what window this would work on , but I was n't able to fit it onto any of my windows .
 This seems like a good window lock on the picture , but it does not work with certain windows frames . I have thin window frames and it did not fit well .
 The description of this product on Amazon 's site said there were two plates included . I received one . Amazon says it is the supplier 's problem and the supplier says it is Amazon 's problem . Guess who 's problem it is now ... mine . I love the switch plate and I was going to purchase several more but have decided to look elsewhere .
 *** UPDATED TO 2 STARS *** After our first road trip with the new version of this trunk , I have to downgrade my rating to 2 stars . The metal latches do n't even work as they are loose and the grommets -LRB- or whatever holds them onto the plastic -RRB- start slipping off after repeated opening/closing . We have to keep this trunk closed with a nylon strap from Home Depot now ! The plastic has n't shattered yet , but it 's so weak and inflexible that we have to treat it gingerly whenever we open and close it . Also noticed now that the caster wheels are cheaper and the new batch will not stack confortably on top of the old batch . WTF guys ? Buy this because it 's about forty bucks , but only if you 're using it for your knitting supplies and storing them in a safe garage . *** UPDATED TO 3.5-STARS ON 09/16/09 *** So we received the second one of these wheeled trunks and it 's pretty sad . Now I know why there are some bad reviews about the product here . The original trunk we have was made of a better quality , more flexible composite plastic . The new one looks like it was cast from a 99.9 % similar mold , but it is made of a cheaper plastic and the walls a a few microns thinner . The new plastic feels like it would shatter with force , whereas the old plastic would just flex . So it looks like the company decided to go cheaper and it really shows in the quality of the product . We are taking both trunks on the road this weekend for a 3-week tour and I am not as confident in the product 's durability . :-LRB- *** ORIGINAL REVIEW *** This is a really good case ! I was between this wheeled trunk and the large Rubbermaid Action-Packer . I looked at the Rubbermaid one at the store , it 's really cheaply made and the bubbly design did n't seem to do anything but waste space . Seemed like it would be double-walled in the pic , but it 's not - the ridges are just for `` looks . '' So finally , I chose this JTT Brand one mainly because it was less than half the price -LRB- I had n't seen it in real life -RRB- . After 4 months of lugging this thing around to carry miscellaneous equipment and tools for our musical act , it has really proven to be well worth the money . The composite material bends a little to let you squeeze things that would n't normally fit in a more rigid container . The material also can get bumped and dropped without getting dented or scratched . The wheels are smooth - although you ca n't raise the trunk up very high when you 're rolling it , causing you to have to crouch over slightly . The two locking clasps are strong and pretty precise to help the lid stretch back into shape.The one thing I wish this trunk had was some loops/slots for strapping it down to the bed of a truck .
 I had purchased this to ship items to/from tradeshows of approximately 50 lbs . -LRB- 23kg -RRB- , but in its first use , the bottom failed during return shipping . It might be fine for storage and shipping of light materials , but a more rugged shipping case is needed for my requirements .
 Item showed up damaged due to very poor packaging , BUT - Amazon was awesome in returning and refunding my money . I expected to have a hassle on my hands , but no problems . Poor packaging accounted for the damage , but this box was way too `` light-weight '' for our intended use anyway . It 's kind of a cheap box , but if you 're looking for something affordable for light duty - this could work ... provided it arrives in one piece !
 Purchased trunk at last minute from Amazon after seeing Walmart merchandise for an oversees trip . It appears somewhat flimsy for the price and the wheels came off after one trip . It 's not the cheapest price wise and I would suggest you keep looking if you plan to send this trunk via the mail or airlines ...
 Okay for home storage but plastic is flimsy and flexes too easily . I flew with this as checked baggage two days ago and was concerned that it would pop open while being handled . Turns out that was n't a problem but I was startled to discover when I retrieved it at baggage claim that both wheels had been torn off !
 I bought this trunk based on all the great reviews . Maybe I have a new , cheaper model ? One latch is too loose to latch . The other was installed so crooked it would n't latch at all . And the hole for the lock ? Why bother ? The plastic is so thin , it would n't take 15 seconds to cut through ... Using finger nail clippers ... Seriously ... Nail clippers . But why even bother with that ? The top is so flimsy I could leave the lock on , unlatch the cheap lockless latches , and lift the corners 4 '' , getting to everything inside.I 'd return it , but then what ? This trunk rated so well . Oh well . At least its `` Made in USA '' , which I prefer . So I 've decided it 's just going to be easier -LRB- and patriotic ? -RRB- to replace the two cheap , non-working latches with functional locking versions . And I will beef up the handle because I do not believe single rivets through that thin plastic are going to hold any weight .
 This is a piece of junk ! I purchased it last week for my son who is going to camp thinking I would have at least 1 round trip San Francisco-Seattle and a month long camp stay out of it . We started packing it today and upon opening it the side right behind the hinge completely cracked ! This thing is barely good for storage and I completely wasted my money ! It 's made of thin cheap plastic and should not even be called a trunk because the name is misleading as to the uses it suggests .
 this item shipped and arrived damaged.I found it hard to believe that something so durable , so they claimed , would be so damaged on arrival.It was returned for a full refund so I have not had the chance to use the actual product , nor did I care to once I saw how fragile it was .
 EXCERPT
 Broke right away . Way too expensive for what it was and the thing did n't make it a week . Very angry with the purchase .
 The plastic is pretty thin and not at all what you 'd consider heavy duty . The rear rod hinge seems flimsy and the trunk locks but you can peel back the corner of the case and reach inside if you 're really determined . I would recommend it as a light duty storage container for items that you 'll rarely need acess to . Plenty of external handles and it wheels about easily . Not what I 'd consider `` contractor grade '' equipment .
 As a consumer , I feel obligated to share a customer experience with the manufacturer of this product -LRB- JTT -RRB- -- not specifically for this product , but for a similar one . I bought a 27-gallon `` SuperBox '' tote with a claimed carrying capacity of 400 lbs . Although the product appeared to be well-built , durable , and rugged ... it is not . I used it to transport scuba gear which weighs 50 lbs . at most -LRB- when wet -RRB- -- not tanks , but just wetsuits , fins , masks , snorkels , etc. . Usage was very light-duty -- lifting the tote from the garage floor to the car trunk and vice-versa . After three uses , the tote began to develop cracks around the top rim and handles . The material is very brittle and cracks easily . Several weeks later , the cracks continue to develop , and within two months of usage -LRB- 2 days per week -RRB- the product is practically useless . I contacted the manufacturer through their website , indicating that the product was defective , but they did not even have the courtesy to respond . Be advised if you are considering * any * of their products .
 The plastic on this trunk is flimsy and bends easily . When loaded , the weight of items in the trunk is sufficient to flex the plastic and allow the latches to disengage . That 's before the cheaply riveted left latch broke on mine . I was definitely disappointed .
 Extremely disappointed ... the box does hold stuff ... that is about it . It is paper thin plastic , not very durable , latches do not line up and hence do not work . I had to repair the cheap hinge right out of the shipping carton . It was not damaged , just poor manufacturing and quality control . Had I seen this product in person before I bought it , I would not have considered it . . it is terrible . Contico make a similar container at far less money that is really nice , but does not have wheels . When this piece of crap falls apart -LRB- soon , I am sure -RRB- I will buy a Contico at Lowes for 2/3 the price ... what a disappointment .
 I purchased two of these trunks to take with me on a deployment to Afghanistan . Both of them were broken in multiple places . I noticed that the box had minimal protectant around the trunks . So it was just cardboard around 90 percent of the trunks . I would have sent them back and purchased something else but I did not have enough time to send them back order something else . The quality of the plastic seemed to add to reason of them breaking . This is not by any means a heavy duty trunk . I was worried about the trunks crushing on the trip over and all of my personal stuff splilling out . I WOULD NOT RECCOMEND THESE TRUNKS TO ANYONE .
 The plastic is solid , size is good , and price is right , and if you do n't anticipate hauling or shipping this thing much it will get the job done at a good price . But if you intend to check it on an airplane or bus or haul around -LRB- we took it on a week-long canoe trip where it was hauled from point-to-point by a luggage service -RRB- then it just simply wo n't stand up to the stress . VERY lightweight closing hardware started to pull away within a few days.Recommended for STORAGE only .
 I bought two of these some time ago and right out of the box was disappointed . As previously mentioned , dimensions are outside , and the odd insets , reinforcements , and quirky angles greatly reduce the inside storage area . One trip through the Fedex system , and they arrived with huge cracks running through both lids . Save your money and find some real footlockers if your looking for durability and efficient use of space .
 I received this box tonight and was disappointed . The plastic is warped so that I can not close the trunk top properly . Also , when I finally did get the damn thing to line up properly and clasp , I found the clasps to be loose to the point where they will fall off . The clasps are not tight at all . Perhaps this is just the one I received.For the most part , this box will do what I need it to do for now however , I will be looking around for a better one.All in all , look for something in steel if you 're serious about storing AND toting around anything of value . I use mine for photography lighting and backdrop equipment . I would store my tools in there but not until I find something for all of the other stuff .
 This product is overpriced and I have found it for half the price I bought two of them brand new for the same price as the one that i bought on here . cheap plastic and very flimsy .
 We were so excited - a very reasonable price and other reviews were positive . The plastic is brittle - it broke after being sat upon . These would be perfect for storage ; but they are n't up to the task of scout camping .
 We bought these trunks to take items with us to Africa for a mission trip . They did not arrrive in one piece . Our previous experiences with trunks that LOOK like these was much better
 I work roadshows and needed a hard shipping container to hold my pop up booth so it would n't get damaged during shipping . The containers that come with the booth are too big and cumbersome so I wanted one that was easier to handle and cheaper to ship . I bought one at The Container Store that measured 32 '' x 18 '' x 13 '' h but since the handles are formed inside the box , it was just about an inch too short . So I found this box and thought it would be perfect since it was a little longer . The interior is maybe an inch longer but still not enough since I need about another half an inch . This can work for me since I can maneuver the booth to make it work . But the material of this box is not worth the money . This unit is about $ 10.00 more than the box I bought before but worth about half . If you can get by with a little smaller container , I recommend the storage box at The Container Store . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It is the second box , with exactly the same characteristics that I bought . I 'm just disappointed because one of the sides of it does not close very well . So , I 'm afraid because I still need at least two more , and I do n't know what to do !
 I have been using this product for a number of years only for the ease of purchasing it locally . I have had to purchase several of them for trips CONUS to OCONUS and back . All the boxes I have purchased have one problem or another . Some of the issues are
 This trunk is unsatisfactory for shipping as checked baggage on an airline . First the catches will not keep it closed - I had to use a strap to keep all contents from being dumped everywhere . Second , it 's oversize and I had to pay $ 49 extra -LRB- over and above the normal checked bag fee -RRB- to have it shipped . It 's dimensions are 68.5 inches exceeding the 62 inch limit for checked baggage . I do not recommend this box for shipping on an airline . Definitely an inferior product . I 'm sorry I bought the two I did .
 The storage trunk arrived broken in two places , and after I had opened it to see how bad the damage was , I was unable to latch it securely again without help because the latches were so poorly aligned.Also , the website says `` Ships Separately in Original Packaging '' , which I did not understand meant that they slapped a Fed Ex label directly on the storage trunk . The only `` packaging '' aside from the shipping label was a packing slip stuck to the inside of the trunk.I might buy this again , if I could get it locally -LRB- so I could visually inspect it prior to purchase -RRB- AND at a discount .
 Very disappointed in this product . A wheel broke off the first time I flew . The day I got it , one of the latches is loose.Wasted $ 40 . I am asking for a replacement or my money back.Buy another brand !!!
 We purchased this item for our child to go to camp . We shipped it by UPS . On the way there one part of the loop that held the lock broke . The container was cracked . She had to tape it with a whole roll of duct tape . On the shipment back , the whole locking loop broke off . There was a cracked corner . I am very disappointed . We wanted something that would last for years and it did n't even last three months .
 I purchased this product for my son 's use as scout summer camp . We found the latches to be very flimsy . In fact the first trunk we received had one of the latches broken off , when we opened the shipment . Amazon quickly replaced it . The trunk itself fulfilled its purpose , but the latches are poorly secured to the trunk .
 I got 4 trunks for my 4 children going to summer camp this july . The 4 trunks came back with the lid split in 2 . I was a bit surprised and my kids told me they had to step on the lid in order to climb on their beds !! so these trunks are certainly good for storage but not for campers ! Unfortunetly I will have to buy new ones next year , but heavy duty expensive ones I guess !
 I purchased this trunk to ship my child 's clothes to camp . It was roomy enough , but I was disapointed in how it withstood shipping ! Although we used the lock-hole , the actual lock was ripped through the hole -LRB- so no protection there -RRB- . The closures were extrememly beat up and bent , but still usable . If you use this to ship via USPS , re-enforce the closures using strapping tape -LRB- NOT regular shipping tape ! -RRB- all the way around both ends of the trunk for extra security . The shape will warp if not secured on both ends , leaving the contents accessible to anyone . I will not buy another trunk of this type .
 The trunk is lightweight , and sturdy enough , but it is significantly smaller than advertised -- my measurements of this case are
 Jet says this saw is a cabinet saw . My neighbor bought this same saw and has had major trunnion problems . He sent it back . I bought the saw thinking that I was getting a saw that was capable of accepting jigs for making cabinets ... both my neighbor and I found out we were WRONG !!! The `` T '' track on these saws is milled differently than any other cabinet saw -LRB- Delta , Jet , DeWalt , etc. -RRB- and will not accept Jet 's own tenoning jig without loosening the bushing on the jig . This could be a potential safety hazard . When I called Jet I was told that I would have to live with this until modifications to the jig were made . No other jig will work with this product without having modifications made to it . They also told me that this is `` not a cabinet saw , but a contractor 's saw with a cabinet '' . That is not what the saw 's description implies . They then told me that the store in which the item was purchased `` mis-represented the item '' . I was then told that there was nothing else they would do for me . I will never buy another Jet product again . Hopefully this will keep someone else from making the same mistake as my neighbor and I have made .
 Perhaps my experience is an anomoly , but I had major trouble running this off a 20 amp , 120 volt circuit . I had to replace two shut off switches , and today the motor died ... . I was happy with the other details , though the 30 '' fence is frustratingly small . My other complaint is that the phone reps , although initially responsive , blamed me for the failure of the saw . I 've never had any other problems like this , and babied the thing ... I 'm replacing this with the unisaw ...
 Shortly after purchasing my saw the blade would not tilt beyond 20 degrees and the blade would collapse onto the table insert . Jet sent out a repairman promptly to repair the problem . It was determined that the problem was that a trunnion was bad due to a faulty casting . That was this past winter , I was beginning a major home remodel in the spring and would put it to the test then.I began my project a couple of months later and began to notice difficulty in using jigs and fixtures in the miter slot . I even had mishaps with sliding jigs locking up and I cut the tip of a finger off.I soon had a need to make some mortise and tenon joints so I invested in Jet 's tennoning jig . The jig would lock so bad that I could actually drag the saw around my shop trying to pull it back out . So , I contacted Jets customer service to find out what the problem might be and was told that they did n't think that a tennoning jig could be used on that model saw but to hold for a moment and they would find out . Now , I do n't know about you , but I had over $ 1500 invested in this saw with options and I -LSB- ... -RSB- sure ought to be able to slide a jig on it!The rep came back on the line and informed me that the problem was with the jig and they would send me out a different miter track which would solve the problem . After more than 2 weeks the new track arrives and thier solution was to remove the t-track washer from the front of ther track ???? I immediatley was back on the phone with Jet and was told that there was something wrong and I should get my money back for the jig ???? I still wanted a tennoning jig , so back to my retailer I went . While at the store we tried the Delta Jig with worse results . We then took a measure and tried to find the problem . We compared numerous saws on display and discovered that only this saw has a mitre slot that the t-track at the bottom of the slot is milled to a height of approx . 3.5 millimeters and all other saws are milled to a height of 4.5 millimeters . In other words the tops are milled unlike any other stationary table saw and any device made to work in a STANDARD t-slot mitre guage will probably have a problem.I no longer wanted the saw once I learned this fact and my retailer upgraded me to the 3hp commercial model for his difference in cost.The icing on the cake is , that went I went home to dismantle the saw in order to take delivery of the new one , I titlted my blade to clean out the saw dust and guess what , THE TRUNNION WAS BROKEN AGAIN.I own many jet tools and I have always been pleased with them . However they have a problem here and the best thing for them to do is own up to it . I urge anyone considering purchasing this saw to buy the 3hp model instead for it is a very good product and anyone who already owns this saw should run out to thier shop and tilt the blade to see if it works OK , but you can forget about sliding t-slot miter jigs.Thanks for your time and patience
 The table for the disc is very hard to adjust since neither surface is machined you tighten one side it puts the other side out of adjustment . The front table for the belt was a little better but the adjustment is held by one bolt , and there is no index to go by so it has to be checked with a square after each belt change.No matter how much you try to tighten the bolt the leverage on the table cause it to move very easily . Also there is no dust collection on the machine at all which with a sander would be nice to have .
 The way this company explains their shipping cost is not clear and I ended up paying more than half the cost of the lamp shade in shipping . When I received the lamp shade , I was terribly dissapointed in the quality . So I sent it back . Do n't waist your time .
 BEWARE !!! Just as the rest of the set that I ordered , the print on this lamp shade was n't the pretty shade of pink that it is shown to be . The ribbons around the top and bottom are , but not the print . It 's more of a bright acid-orange . Please use caution when buying this product !!! If you contact the seller about the return , all you will get is an automated response with a return form - over and over again.I had to file an Amazon A-Z Guarantee to get my money back.BEWARE !
 Wile I do love this lamp shade It it very hard to find a lamp that it fits . None of the lamps sold at home depot , lowes , target or walmart fit this shade properly . We got a lamp and screwed some plumbing hardware to it to hola the shade on . Beware when buying this . It is hard to find a lamp bace
 This lampshade appeared to be hand made when I bought it - no big deal . It arrived in a timely matter and had been shipped carefully . The adhesive that was used to fashion the shade ; however , is n't heat resistant . It 's a lamp shade , so I expect it to be able to manage whatever heat is given off by a regular light bulb . The fabric at the top of the shade has slid off , and after about 15 uses , my lampshade is worthless.Do not buy this shade !
 I am extremely disappointed with the Vintage French Pink Toile lamp Shade . The pattern is upside down and the quality is poor . I would not put it in my grand daughter 's bedroom . I wish to return it and have my money refunded . Please advise if you can assist me . I have never been disappointed with the quality of Amazon products until now . Hopefully , you can assist me in returning this product and restore my confidence in the products Amazon sponsors.Unhappy , Marguerite Verone
 While the product itslef is nice - and this may or may not be the fault of Miller Hme - the lamp shade came to me completely crushed and when I contacted fed ex - they said its not their responsibility . I also find that Miller home does not respond to customers emails .
 The lamp shade is nice and goes great with the rest of the set . Came perfectly packaged!Never have been able to find a base that it fits on ... So while it looks nice if you do n't have a lamp to go with it what is the point !?
 I never recieved this one either . I 'm very upset . wasted money . not buying from amazon again . delivered to door with no signing required , must have been stolen . No one would help me said it was my fault and I 'd have to pay again to recieve my items . NO THANK YOU !
 I purchased this flashlight for law enforcement duty ; within a week of when I started using it , the rubber power button fell off the flashlight . I was lucky enough to find it in a parking lot , and I replaced it , but within two more days of use , the button vanished again , this time for good . I 've spoken to at least two other people with similar problems using this model of flashlight.Streamlight so far has been completely unresponsive to my requests for customer support , neither returning my voice mails nor my e-mails . It 's an impressive flashlight that casts a good beam , but for the one moving part to fail twice within the first two weeks of use is unacceptable . Even more unacceptable is their refusal to communicate with their customers . This flashlight is simply too expensive for poor customer service . I 've already decided that when I buy a tactical light for my pistol , it wo n't be a model made by Streamlight .
 Bought this to use as a duty light . The first issue was the switch . If the light was bumped , the switch would go on and it could n't be shut off , with out unscrewing the battery cover , and breaking the connection . Then it would get stuck in the strobe mode . Then the rubber cover to the side switch came out and I found it on the ground next to the car . And it is pretty much impossible to put back into the light . It 's bright , but not nearly what I expected . I since purchased a Surefire G3 , which is brighter and more compact , with no switch issues . I also have never found an actual use for the strobe . I have owned several Streamlights , most of which still work , but I wanted to change over to the LED . Perhaps later versions of this light will be better .
 I purchased thing about a year ago and yes it worked good but then it started going through the rechargable batteries . i tried def . chargers thinking something may be wrong with mine but that did not seem to work . The flash light works great when it would charge . But the times are a little off . high beam your lucky to get 45 min . thats kind redic . for the price you pay.I would recommend the the Coast p14 its a lot brighter and the times r more accurate about 100hrs real hours on full beam . and you can get new AA batteries in about 2 minutes compared to the 6 hours it takes to charge one of these streamlights . Good Luck .
 The switch quit working almost immediately . I sent it to their authorized repair shop . They said nothing was wrong and returned it . Would not work again . Finally called the factory and they said they would fix it right . So I sent it to them . The second time I used it after I got it from the factory the flashlight still would not work .
 I originally had the Delta Boss spindle sander that worked great with daily use for five years and purchased this one as an upgrade model . I would NEVER reccommend this to anyone - it is a poorly made piece of Chinese junk !!!!!! The spindle removal system using two contrived wrenches with little working space was clearly designed by somone who will never use the unit . The individual spindles are some of the poorest quality steel that I have ever seen - two of them bent out of balance within the first month of use ; all of them rusted within two months of purchase for no reason . The threaded spindle port was not cut clean out of the box and never worked correctly from the start - it appeared crossthreaded and never tightened down fully . The unit did not come with the 3 '' spindle - it was an extra upgrade . The dust collection stinks - basically , there is none - a small hose port in the back with no sealed system . The half priced Delta unit works FAR better . I have a lot of nice tools and treat them all very gentle and delicately . This tool fell apart from very gentle use - I wasted almost $ 450 when it was all totaled and am close to throwing this in the garbage just to get rid of the frustration of having it around .
 I give this item a single star , as I never had a chance to try it . The sander appears to be a well made and heavy -LRB- for a bench top tool -RRB- machine , however , the packaging falls far short . The sander , when it arrived , had the base damaged . There is sufficient styrofoam packing around the sides of the machine , but the top and bottom have about 1/2 '' thickness of foam protection . In shipment , the box had been dropped and the base is deformed to the extent it does not sit flat.The sander will be returned and I will not risk delivery of another Jet sander.As an aside , if anyone considers the purchase of this tool , be advised that with the height of the basic machine , if your bench is , say 30 inches from the floor , then the cast iron table of the sander will be about 52 '' from the floor ! You may need to make a special base cabinet to get the table at a more workable height .
 I 've used this machine for about 4 years , maybe once per week for 30 -45 min per usage on average . Certainly not production . I have used up maybe 3 sets of sleeves.At this point , the spindles do not run true . There is considerable side to side free play in the bushings/bearings that support the spindle as it rotates and oscilates . I would estimate the free play to be about .040 inches when a spindle is in the upmost postition . It has become noisey , not necessarily loud , just not smooth soundng as if gearing is not meshing as it should.The free play results in vibration especially when the 3 inch drum is installed . The work piece , at times , seems to bounce off the surface of the 3 in sleeve . It can be difficult to use . With this amount of run out , it can be difficult to get smooth continous curves that match properly at the tangencies . The sanded edges of work pieces tend to have a slight arc rather than being flat and perpendicular to the faces . This becomes more noticable as work piece thickness increases.I too noticed the table not square -LRB- when new -RRB- to the spindle and made the necessary adjustments . But now that the spindle has so much free play , the table can not be set square to the spindle with the exception of exactly one spot.For me , the tool is a disappointment .
 When I recieved this item it contained the blower and bag ONLY ! No hose . No extension arm . No dust port . All those items have to be ordered seperately.I complainded to Amazon about this and they were very courteous and prompt in apologizing . Naturally , I was offered a full refund.This is actually a good powerful unit . I just ca n't believe that JET is so cheap that they wo n't include a few bucks worth of cheap hardware .
 Unit does not include the flex hose , the extension arm , or the dust hood . In the June ,03 tool crib catalog pg .28 the description `` Packaged with adjustable extension arms , you can position the dust port exactly where you need it . '' This is not misleading advertising , this is false advertising . I am pretty sure there are laws concerning false advertising
 OSHA and numerous physicians and industrial health experts posit the dust that does the most damage to our lungs is 10 microns or smaller . Why do so many `` dust collectors '' come with 30 micron bags ? Answer
 I thought they would be really handy , but where the locking mechanism is located , -LRB- on each side at the joint -RRB- I think I will end up breaking it off from catching on whtever is next to the bolt I am taking out , I almost broke one off the first time I tried using one of them . I wish I could return them and get the reversible set before I break one . .
 I bought this set along with the full metric ones . They feel sturdy but they do not at all stay locked when you apply even a little bit of force . Do not buy these unless you do not need the head to lock . I have had this issue with every wrench since I got them . At first I thought it was normal until I used a craftsman version of this tool . Spend a few dollars more and buy the craftsmans , those stay locked and look to be bullet proof .
 I put `` Red lens sunglasses '' in the Amazon search engine and these came up at the top . The photo of the sunglasses makes the lens look red . My son wanted `` Red Lens '' , so I quickly ordered them . When they arrived , the lens were a light orange in color ... much closer to yellow . It was my mistake that I didnt read he advertisement better . But since the wording says `` Copper Blue Blocker '' , I thought that it was a `` Copper AND Blue blocker '' lens . These were NOT a hit ...
 I got the item in a timely fashion , which was good , but the photo that was shown for the product did NOT match the product I received . The picture showed dark lenses in a red color , whereas the glasses I actually received were of a very light bright orange color . The item I thought I was buying was what I was really after - the glasses in the photo . Since these glasses I got were not the same in the photo , they are almost useless . The glasses were in great shape , new condition . If you are considering buying from this seller , I strongly advise contacting them first to get a confirmation to what the product actually will be ... . although judging from the other reviews , that might prove to be a little difficult.Venture II Safety Glasses w / Copper Blue-Blocker Lens
 It seems that it has similar tint like original BluBlocker glasses . You could see still a lot of blue . Best test is to drive next to airport landing strip at night and look on intense blue lights there - original BlueBlocker definitely blocks all blue light . These let roughly half of blue coming through .
 The lenses are light amber -- not bright red as pictured . Otherwise , the glasses seem to be ok but the whole reason that I purchased them was so that they would be tinted red so they are useless to me .
 These glasses do not block blue light . Lenses are rosey red/maroon . They should be more orange/yellow to absorb blue light . Works for general-use safety goggles , but if you want to shield your eyes from blue light , look elsewhere .
 I ordered three pairs of orange tinted safety glasses from three different sellers and this item was the cheapest quality of the bunch for the same price . There are better options available . I liked the Nemesis ones the best , but the Remington ones were pretty good too . I will probably use those for exercising in the sun . This pair , I will let my kids use in my car if they need sun glasses .
 I especially bought this product due to the title with which it associate itself . Do not be fooled , this is no BluBlocker . It is a very bad and cheap product and I am extremely disappointed with it .
 This product does n't come with any useful instructions . I wrote to the manufacturer asking for directions specifically for how to run/charge my laptop but did not receive a reply . One day I may find some third party instructions but for now it is collecting dust under my computer desk .
 I was expecting these to arrive in the well-known blue packaging one sees in the retail stores . Instead , I got stock packed in dirty , shop-worn cardboard boxes , dated 2009 . Although they appeared to be Schlage knobs , there was another company name stamped on the boxes as well . It makes me wonder if this was old stock that was originally packed for and provided to another company 's warehouse . I would have returned them but did n't have time to order more because the installation date on the new doors was fast closing in .
 I bought this thinking that it was a 4 pack which is says at the end of the title , but only received one in the mail . I was looking for a four pack because they sell 4 packs of other fuses for about $ 10 at the local hardware , but they do n't have the 8 amp in a 4 pack . Instead they 're selling it in a one pack for around $ 8 which seem like an outrageous price for one fuse . Just be aware that you only are getting one fuse , not 4 like the title says .
 Bought this item for a 65 gal electric hot water heater 220v after six months I detected a burning smell in my garage , it was the timer
 Bought this item for a 65 gal electric hot water heater 220v after six months I detected a burning smell in my garage , it was the timer
 I received the product advertised . However the instalation directions enclosed are in spanish and French nothing in English . It makes me feel like a foreigner in my own country . Very dissatisfied.James O'Neill
 The bins are reasonably sturdy . If you plan to set them , one bin high , on a shelf , no problem . Otherwise , you might want to avoid them . You have to fidget them around in order to stack them . This to the extent that you might need to remove the bottom bins from the shelf and hold them in your hand in order to nestle the to-be-added bin onto the top of the stack . As for hanging on pegboard , they hang with their base at about a 20 degree angle -LRB- from horizontal -RRB- on 1/8 '' pegboard and about a 40 degree angle on 1/4 '' pegboard . Then , as you add more and more weight , they begin to level out somewhat . I did n't like the look -LRB- with each bin at a different angle , depending on weight -RRB- and chose to remove the pegboard tabs and , in their place , drill holes on the back side , suitable for hanging the bins on conventional pegboard hooks .
 I ordered these bins because they are shown and described as being able to mount on a peg board . When I received the bins , the ones they sent did not have this capability . Yes , they are small , they do have a plastic strip to mount to the wall for them to hang on and they stack nicely , but they do not have the peg board pins so are quite useless for me .
 waste of money unless your trying to just blow some cash ... way too small to use for anyting other than thumb tacks . i would rather not spend 12 $ on a thumb tac container
 Despite the advertising to the contrary , these bins can not be mounted in any reasonable way to standard pegboard . Sure , the pins line up to the holes , but they are not deep enough to allow the bin to hang horizontally , and weighing the bin down with contents bends the pins nearly to their breaking point . The bins stack on top of each other , but this takes up valuable workbench space - which is why I wanted them on the wall . On the plus side , Amazon made the return very easy .
 Has clips in the back but does not fit on peg board . They are stackable but that to is a little tricky to accomplish . Would not recommend these if you want them soley to hang on a peg board application .
 The description states these can be used for most sizes of pegboard . Bull $ *** . They only go on sheet metal and if you have 1/8 pegboard they do n't sit correctly . A total misrepresentation of product . Got them today sending back tomorrow .
 I bought these to use for my pegboard , but the pegboard holders are not long enough , which is causing a large gap between the bins and board . Wanted to use these for nuts and bolts , but because of the weight of these items I 'm sure it will snap the little bin holders overtime .
 I bought these bins for a shop project , but when put on peg board , the bins will not lay flat against the board .
 For $ 200 bucks/set you would think they could have tested them . All three units had at least two bad LED candles that just would n't charge at all . I wrote to the company and they said they would send me replacements , They sent me new ones . It took about 2 weeks and I had to send the bad ones back to them . The ones that work work well and this would have been a great review if they did some quality control.If you had problems too here is their customer service # 1-800-555-0050 Joanne Rovito Customer Service Manager , Philips Lighting Company .
 For what I paid for this product I expected it to work , and to work well . It did not , and I am very dissappointed in this product ! Save your money , and by the cheap dollar store type battery operated candles , they work ALOT better , and there is no hassle .
 The adapter I received had a significant number of casting defects that left pits and voids which are both cosmetically unsightly and structurally compromising . I had thought SK was a better brand , or at least they once were , but the quality of this piece was quite poor . Not recommended .
 This screw driver is a piece of junk . The carousel frequently jams and the bits fall out of the shaft if faced down . Incredibly poor engineering .
 Pretty cheaply made , but a good idea . This tool is OK for homeowners , but I would like to see this idea in a pro grade tool .
 wrong item was sent three times . such a hassle - I called and was told that they would not be able to correct the order until I received the incorrect item for a third time .
 I am sad about quality . Rusty on the side , both . Diamond surface not uniformly covered . And fine surface not very flat , have some tubercles .
 I purchased this stone as new . The stone surface is dead flat , so the news about perfect flatness of DMT stones seems to be true . However , the problem is that when it arrived it was rusty , both on sides and also on the diamond surface . It is quite disappointing from such an expensive and top-quality tool -LRB- at least they call it like that -RRB- . This was the first time I purchased such a stone , a DMT , because everyody says it is so good in quality , but from now on I will avoid diamond stones . They are expensive , and it seems even DMT can not guarantee a good quality either in every aspect . I do n't really trust these things now . I will stay with my waterstones , they do n't get rusty and are much less expensive . Moreover since I talked about this problem with others , some other people reported that they had the same problem as well when they received their DMT stones.If you need diamond stones for a special use , like sharpening very hard metal or sharpening of precision machinery parts , I think in that case buying such stones can be beneficial . But for most of other uses , like general tool sharpening , etc. , I would n't buy such a thing any more . It is too expensive , and it seems in spite of that , these things do n't last either for that long time as one might expect from the price , no matter what the brand is .
 I RARELY write reviews on products , but felt compelled to write about this one.There is one reason why I would not rate this product highly regardless of whether it works well or not . That is the lack of rechargable battery in the parent unit . Battery life is short and who honestly is able to connect it to AC all the time in everyday use . Not having a built in rechargable battery is a huge oversight in my opinion.There is one reason why I returned the unit . That is the constant static and apparent ` disconnection ' of the base and parent unit . We would constantly be sitting after our son went down and having to turn the unit off and on as it suddenly starting squealing with static . No rhyme or reason why , not related to distance or battery charge.I suspected that we may have problems with this unit based upon others feedback , but tried anyway since this is the only low cost unit we could find with a temperature monitor . In the end we went back to a regular monitor and bought a $ 20 temperature monitor from RadioShack and have been much happier.Hope others have better eperience with this product .
 We got this when our son graduated to his new room . Our newborn daughter got the old monitor . At first , this was a great monitor . The problems started about three months later . The volume control became very scratchy and difficult to adjust . Blowing it out with cleaner offered no help . The reception quality soon followed the bad path.There are two channels on this thing . Some nights one will work , one night the other will , rarely both . Regardless , when there is a poor signal , it sounds like an old computer modem trying to connect , all of the strange beeps , pulses , etc. , included . It 's maddening ! Finding a position that it wo n't infuriate you is akin to building card-houses . You hit the sweetspot , let go ever so slightly , then walk away with your fingers crossed . I think the frequencies it uses are too close to many wireless sensors in many homes , like thermometers , doorbells , etc.The nightlight was always kind of a joke . Besides being VERY dim , ours failed just a few months in . So much for the `` extra security '' a night light offered . I had to explain to my son for weeks why the light did n't work anymore . NOT GOOD for a child afraid of the dark . P > S > If you think your son or daughter is particularly interested in a weather related story on TV -LRB- tornado , lightning , hurricane -RRB- , change the channel immediately ! It 's not interest , it 's the fascination associated with fear and not being able to look away . Trust me , do n't go there.I 'm here writing this note because I am currently looking for a new monitor to replace this one . On a positive note , the BeBe sounds with breathing monitor in the other room , which is around four years old , still works perfectly . The breathing monitor is also flawless . Just a thought if your considering it . Good luck , and enjoy parenthood .
 Used the batteries it came and it did n't work . Put new Duracell in . It flickered on and went off for good . I sent it back for a refund .
 What a ripoff ! I give it one star just because they shipped the correct fuse and did so pretty quick . However , the picture clearly shows SIX fuses - they sent a blister pack of TWO ! Second - read the fine print - I did n't . They charge almost $ 7.50 for S&H PLUS they sent it insured !!! That 's right , insurance on a product worth $ 1.65 ! Since I was n't home when the mail came , I wasted a trip to the P.O. just to get my two fuses . Third - if you want these fuses , truck on over to Ace Hardware - you can get a FIVE pack for $ 2.69 plus tax instead of the $ 9.13 I spent for two . Grrrrr ...
 This item is a lame excuse for a night light/flash light with today 's technology , it is very dim for an lcd light fully charged , and the nightlight is the same WEAK.Dont waste the money .
 I really did n't like this product.Here is why : - Flimsy switch . Hard to set in the `` Emergency light '' position . - Poor battery . Let it charging overnight and unplugged it in the morning . It was totally discharged the next morning . It ca n't even hold the charge 1 day -LRB- !? -RRB- - Light is too weak . The Flashlight mode is half decent . The Emergency Light mode is comparable to a small candle lighting a room -LRB- but white -RRB- . So please keep looking and do n't waste your money as I did .
 doesnt lite up when lights go out as it says it will . very dissapointed as i gave it for a gift
 Nice idea and design but terrible quality control . Light sensor failed after 2 months . Bought 2 and one no longer works properly . That 's a 50 % failure rate . This is a real shame . I like the dual light design with the light sensor for an on/off auto night light . Unfortunately , it 's just poorly made so I ca n't recommend this to anyone . Amazon needs to put a date sensitive moving average for its ratings to accurately capture products that start out great but then break . This is not my first Amazon purchase that has had this fate.UPDATE 12-15-2011
 We ordered these planning to use them as emergency lights , but you can only use them as emergency lights if you also decide to use them as nightlights -LRB- one button selects both features -RRB- . Great if you want them for both , but did n't fit our need .
 We lose power often here and I bought all four of these to test out . Here is what I found.Energizer RCL1nm2 , 1 LEDPrimarily an emergency flashlight . Nightlight is selectable , the unit can function as an emergency light without the nightlight turned on , good function for basements and other areas where you do n't need a nightlight all the time.Ergonomics - comfortable to hold , easy to point . Plug folds into handle , one sliding button -LRB- ON - emergency light mode or flashlight when not plugged in , OFF , Nightlight mode -RRB- , and good cogent instructions.As an emergency light - functional emergency flashlight , a five foot diameter circle at 30 feet , not very good as an area light . It wo n't replace a good Fenix , but it 's a lot cheaper . Beam points up or down during emergency.As a nightlight - again the beam points either up or down , light output is lower than when in flashlight mode , but still fairly bright . Not photo controlled , so if it 's on it 's always on.Outlet space - excellent use of outlet space , plenty of room to plug in other items . Non-polarized plug so can be plugged in pointing either direction.Battery is Replaceable -LRB- Varta CP300H $ 4 - $ 10 -RRB- G.E. 11281Nightlight , emergency light . Nightlight is on when the unit is in emergency standby mode , so the only way to disable the nightlight is to disable the emergency light function.Ergonomics - comfortable to hold , beam is too unfocused to point . Plug folds into handle . One button to turn the emergency mode on and off or the light on and off when not plugged in . Very poor and confusing instructions.As an emergency light - poor light focus for use as a flashlight , but reasonable area coverage although not very bright . Beam diffuses outward and up or down depending on position.As a nightlight - reasonable area coverage , photo controlled.Outlet space - good use of space with one great exception , the photo eye is in the end of the handle that points to the center of the outlet , if you plug a large item into the other outlet , you run the risk of blocking the photo eye and thereby having the nightlight turned on all the time . Non-polarized plug so can be plugged in pointing either direction.Batteries are NOT replaceable.Greenlite LED 3 in 1Nightlight , emergency light . Nightlight is on when the unit is in emergency standby mode , so the only way to disable the nightlight is to disable the emergency light function.Ergonomics - bulky as a flashlight . Plug folds into handle . One slider switch with On , Off , and nightlight/emergency light mode.As an emergency light - low power flashlight beam ; during emergencies , the nightlight comes to full power which is useful as an area or passageway light.As a nightlight - reasonable coverage and area , light level changes by photocell but never really shuts off regardless of light levelOutlet space - poor use of space , you may be able to slip a lamp plug by it , but anything larger -LRB- such as a three prong extension cord -RRB- will not fit or will stress both plugs . Polarized plug limits orientation.Batteries are NOT replaceable.Satco 75-046Nightlight , emergency light . Nightlight on this unit can not be disabled.Ergonomics - bulky , one slide switch to turn on and off the flashlight , the nightlight has no control other than the photocell.Emergency light - Flashlight pointed out of the front so difficult to aim ; however , can be set on table and pointed to allow for task lighting . Poor weak beam.As a nightlight - very good area coverage , photo controlled.Outlet space , bad , both outlets covered , polarized plug limits orientation.Batteries are replaceable -LRB- Ni-Cad AAA -RRB- For me , I like the fact that the Energizer can still function as an emergency light without having the nightlight turned on . That said ; the nightlight for the Energizer is not photo controlled , so when it 's on , it 's on . It is the best flashlight of the bunch , not a replacement for a regular flashlight , just the best of this bunch . If I had a hallway and wanted it lit for company and in an emergency , and did n't want access to the other plug , I 'd probably put the Satco there . The Satco 's only saving grace , and the reason I 'd pick it over the others with photo controlled nightlights , is because of the replaceable batteries.I was at the recent Light Fair trade show in Philly and visited the Greenlite booth . The salesman there was too busy to answer any of my questions , although I was the only visitor in the booth . He 'd rather talk with the other Greenlite people working in the booth than me . I 'm not sure what this says about the company , but I was not impressed .
 Small & practical , worked like a charm for the first blackout & a couple other times I used as a flashlight . Next brownout I noticed it did n't light up , went to try & it only worked as a flashlight . Saved it in the junk drawer at least for that use , but by the end of the week it would n't work at all anymore , even though I tried recharging it . It 's a good concept , but useless if it only works for a few weeks . If it 's bad batteries , I 'd rather have something I have to put my own instead of this junk .
 When I received this unit I plugged it in and noticed the nightlight came on even though the room was bright . I checked the switch settings and plugged it back in . It exploded . I wo n't be buying another one .
 Not much to be said . I 'm the landlord of an office building that for some strange reason -LRB- thick concrete wall , probably -RRB- has two rest rooms with the light switch outside in the hall.Needed a light with sensor to keep folks from being plunged into darkness while seated on the toilet , in case some practical joker flipped the switch . Or the electric goes out.Bought 2 , one did n't work on delivery.Amazon made return painless.Replacement did n't work on delivery.Getting a different brand .
 LED lights not very bright . Not good for interior security/emergency light , not bright enough to deter burglars ... This is only good for a kids room .
 Ordered this item because I needed some ball-tipped metric hex keys . The picture of the item -LRB- with the squared off tips -RRB- is what I received , not the description . For less than four bucks I 'm not out much , but still , someone dropped the ball when they labeled these `` FULLER 130-7610 9-Piece Metric Long Arm Ball Tip Hex Key Set -LRB- blue -RRB- '' .
 It has a middle part that does n't work for me and could use a bigger nozzle so when in use it dose n't clog .
 This claw attachment has deep ridges on the outside , which keeps it high off the floor . One would need a powerful dust collector to pick up everything in one sweep . I quit using it and just use the end of the hose pipe to pick up heavy sawdust . I may use it later on the table to catch dust from my hand sander . This is made of thin stamped out plastic . I would not pay over $ 3.00 for another one .
 Plastic split where it slides on to hose . Very thin plastic , needs to be much thicker to hold up for use .
 It is too feeble to be a picture light , whether the room is dark or lighted ; and the light is blue , far from neutral white . The positive reviewers talk about uses other than for picture illumination .
 The product description above states
 I needed this light to be mounted over a dartboard to better illuminate the playing area . It did n't make much of a difference . Must now look for another .
 This is almost totally worthless as a picture light . What 's so maddening is that , with current LED technology , this light could have been a useful product -LRB- I own several other LED lights for various uses . Some are VERY bright -RRB- . They seem to have utilized some very wimpy light sources in this thing . Also as other reviewers commented the light is bluish rather than white and distorts the quality of the picture . We are searching for another light to illuminate our picture .
 The picture lights are wonderful . However , some are brighter than others . Some light-up my paintings beautifully and some DO NOT . The brightness of the lights varies greatly from one to another .
 I ordered this item for my business and PAID FOR next day air ... because MY BUSINESS NEEDED IT THE NEXT DAY !!! ... On the afternoon that it was scheduled to be delivered , I was informed that I will not be receiving it for 3 MORE DAYS ... THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE . How is a business supposed to be successfull if its vendors ca n't fill a $ 23 order and get it delivered on time . I highly douthat I will ever be using Amazon 's Business services in the future .
 This light is completely useless on any picture bigger than an 8x10 . The light output is very dim and the coverage area is uneven . I bought two of them and immediately returned them for a refund .
 The product does what it says and worked fine . The blueish LEDs are not the warm incandescent look that many expect but you can buy -LRB- from elsewhere -RRB- theatrical gel sheets to correct the color to what you want . What I do n't like is that it does n't allow you to choose between battery or AC , and the arm is not sturdy enough to hold the light in the right spot when you are turning on or off the light .
 I purchased this lamp to mount on the wall over my electric piano -LRB- for sheetmusic -RRB- . The gooseneck is too weak to support the lamp , and the LEDs are too weak to be called anything more than a nightlight .
 We bought one of these to provide light on a painting . It worked well so we bought a second for the same purpose . The second did not work at all . Hopefully if you buy this product you will get one that works .
 I do n't know if my batteries are n't fresh but this has not provided light for a long time . It always dies on me . I have changed the batteries twice . I will try some new batteries but next time I will invest in cordless that has to be drilled in the wall with a standard buld . The hassle with this is not worth it .
 I would not recommend this item at all . When you insert the batteries for the first time , they are in there forever.The light does not adjust well , and clipping it on is a pain in the *** . Do not purchase this piece of crap .
 i ordered 3 . each came with a diffrent shade of green light emiting led bulbs ... stunk . battery life on these is...non-existant . will eat your batteries . stay away
 Do not use this product if you 're interested in showing photography . The plastic cover that covers the LEDs is not exactly clear , and has a strange yellow/green tinge to it = any picture or photo you 're trying to show off becomes green whether you want it to or not . I was looking to try something out as a test to buy many more , but this failed on the most basic , critical aspect of the product . I could live with the -LRB- very -RRB- cheap plastic housing if the light was white . I would have returned this item , if I had not completely destroyed the insanely difficult to open plastic clamshell packaging . FYI My long term solution was to visit a well known Swedish home store for a picture light and suck up having to buy plastic surface raceway to hide the cables . To sum up
 The lighting started out nice and bright , but in a matter of just a few hours use , it has dimmed to the point that one can hardly tell that it is on .
 This light is not sufficient to light a large frame . I would not use this on any framed art greater about 20X24 . Also , the 3 AAA batteries last only about 8 hours . That means , after 3-4 evenings on high , the batteries need to be replaced . Very disappointed .
 I have the `` Husky Tuff Brite '' model , which is the same . Worked great for a year , then the battery died . Finally found a replacement at Interstate Batteries ... seach for SEL CB3-6 6V 3AH . $ 10 . Hopefully that battery will last longer than the original ...
 I have owned one of these lanterns for about a year now . The battery SEL CB3-6 seems to have been manufactured for this lantern only . I have searched the internet for over an hour and cannout find a replacement . The Vector company was bought by Black & Decker in 2006 . They are now owned by DeWalt . ServiceNet handles parts and is useless for parts for the Vector . Apparently , once the battery dies , so does the lantern .
 Love Olfa products , and love my ` regular ' Olfa cutter , with the push down blade guard . This one is too thick at the blade end , and if you are being precise in your cutting , such as you have to be when quilting , this cutter is NOT for you.You ca n't be precise , particularly if you are left handed . Buy the original Olfa for less money , and you will be much happier .
 I am a plumber who is very demanding of his tools ... this product did not hold up under real work environment conditions , I can say this because I went through 2 of these tape measures in record time . May be good for a homeowner ... but certainly not a contractor .
 During the first use of this product I over extended the tape and pulled past the stop -LRB- which is a plastic cap -RRB- . It would no longer retract at all and spring is destroyed.It was way too easy to pull past the stop . Do not buy .
 Used this for the first time to mask the woodwork in my house . Lots of bleed thru issues , resulting in me having to clean paint of the woodwork . Not good !
 I bought the delicate tape for masking off detail work on a woodworking project and was extremely disappointed with its performance . The surface I was painting was solid wood , sanded to 220 grit so it was very flat and had little to no texture . The tape initially did not stick well at all and required a lot of extra attention with a putty knife to press it down along the entire length . Once I had it all stuck down -LRB- or at least appearing to be stuck down -RRB- , I painted several coats of latex paint over it . I used two techniques . On one board , I applied the paint straight to the board without any extra preparation . On the other board , I painted the edge of the tape down with the same color paint as I was trying to protect and thereby sealed the tape edge . This technique worked slightly better but unfortunately , both techniques resulted in excessive amounts of bleeding under the tape . I will have to repaint the entire project at this point because the tape worked so incredibly poorly . There is not a single sharp paint line on the project . I will be using the rest of the roll of tape to seal boxes next time I move because it 's not good for much else .
 I purchased this product for my bathroom painting . When I went to remove it , it took the paint underneath with it . Now my two hour bath painting project will take several day of scraping , priming , and painting . Thanks Scotch !
 Base plate of anchor was not large enough to cover factory formed post hole in the body of my Silverado
 I am unhappy with purchase , they claim to be universal but they are too small to be installed on my 2011 Silverado correctly . If your ok with them being installed and not sitting flush with this vehicle then they arent bad for the money . They do look cheap but if you dont care about looks they are ok . I returned item 10 days ago and I am still waiting for a refund .
 I received the Oust Fan Refill . The refill had evaporated . Enclosed was a coupon that had the expiration date of 2008 . Would n't purcehase fromthis seller again . Seller knew before sending this item that the refill had evaporated . This should have been noted on this item .
 used only a little and battery went out . Also have a makita hammer drill that I absolutely love .
 This saw stand has over the last year been more and more of a dissapointment . As my peers have noticed the outriggers can not be leveled with the saw table ... I repeat ... CAN NOT be leveled ... there is no adjustment available or possible ... saw is too heavy for the table and this was the table suggested by Hitachi ... when you grab that saw there is sway and motion back and forth . I ca n't help but wonder if this would be hazordous .
 Overall I am pretty happy with this product . I am not very happy with the extension arms , not level to working table of chopsaw , a little to flimsy when adjusted to the height needed ! For on site work , you can make it work !
 I 've had the stand for more than a year and have grown increasingly disappointed . I 'm using it w/a Makita LS1214L which is a little big but regardless the stand has inherent problems . The locking base has a tendancy to unlock during transport . The more you move it around , the greater the chance the saw will detach . The support rests can be difficult to level with the saw table making intricate trim cuts somewhat of a problem . Finally , the wheel base is now bent from rolling the saw around.All-in-all , the stand is stable when in use but you have to be extra careful when in transport . If you wish to detach the saw everytime you relocate it , then the stand is acceptable . However , there are better compound miter saw stands in this price range .
 I bought this stand only because it was a Hitachi and was lighter than some others . Once assembled and the miter saw was mounted did I realize what amistake I made . This stand is Very unstable , do the point that sometimes you think it 's tipping over . I 've since replaced it with the ridgid stand from HD and its like night and day . Their stand is rock solid and a true performer but it is heavy . I may add that the ridgid stand is much cheaper too .
 My wife tells me that there 's no-way that I 'm filling the cracks our driveway with this ugly colored stuff . It looks white and not any where near the color of cement.So -- I 'm going to put foam rope in the cracks and shove it down about 3 &#34; . Then I 'm going to use this easy-to-apply filler , so that it comes a quarter inch below the top of the cement . Then I plan to put a quarter inch of ready-mix cement on top of this stuff . Hopefully this stuff will soak into the ready-mix and not look so bright in color .
 I do n't know if this product does what it says it does , but that is not my point here
 I previously owned 15.6 and 9.6 volt Panasonic tools and had very high opinions of them . I currently own an entire Bosch cordless outfit , but when I decided to buy an impact , I decided on the Panasonic because of the high amp NIMH batteries . I 've had it for about 1 1/2 weeks been using it for a basement remodel , and after two days of use , the gray rubber molding started to peel off . Then , yesterday , I dropped it from my hip and it fell about 2 ' to the concrete floor and broke both tabs off of the battery that hold it to the drill . Then , I noticed that the other battery , which had n't been dropped , had one of it 's tabs broken off of it.This thing is falling apart ! So I call Panasonic , and they tell me all I can do is drop it off at a factory service location . This process would , of course , take about 3-4 weeks , parts depending . If this was a Bosch or a Dewalt - I 'd have had a new one next day air . As it is - I 'm returning it immediately , and will never again talk up Panasonic power tools to everyone who asks . Never buy another ever .
 This light/radio seems to work OK once initially charged . However , before the hand crank or solar feature can be used it must be charged for 5 hours using a 12 volt AC adaptor . This adaptor is NOT included with the product and must be purchased seperately .
 Terrible product . Cheaply constructed and could not get good reception no matter where I was with the radio . Plastic is cheap . Antennae lost its mooring on the inside of the radio .
 The flashlight works . That 's about all I can say . It 's cheap , light plastic , and the cone is the same . It will work , and if it cost more than the $ 5 or so I spent , I would have sent it back . But . . for $ 5 ... wth .
 I was disappointed in this for the price . If I had been able to find the cones locally , I would have made my own with our flashlights and batteries -LRB- which did n't come with the product -RRB- .
 The lights did not work when I received them . Of the four I bought , only one turned on and it went out immediately after . Very disappointed in the quality of this product .
 I took the sander out of the box and had used it for about ten minutes when it shut itself off and that was that.I had to ship it back to the manufacturer at my expense and who knows how long it will take to hear from them or getit replaced/fixed . I 've had good luck with reconditioned products in the past ; however , this was a huge disappointment.It was nice while it lasted . If you need a sander for a pending project , do n't buy this one unless it 's brand new !
 One of the batteries died in less than six months . The others started failing shortly after that . The batteries are very expensive . I had solar lights before this that lasted for many years without failing . This is planned obsolescence and environmentally irresponsible . I wrote to Malibu but never received an answer . Water leaks into all of them .
 Initially this product had great potential because we live on 5 acres in southern California and the lights were planned to highlight the drive and other areas of foot traffic without running cable . We purchased a dozen lights and they performed as expected for a while although the light intensity is very low and not sufficient for foot trafic safety . BUT , after about 10 months of use only 5 are still operational . Apparently the electronics for charging the batteries failed as new batteries were inserted to verify this . We will now lay cable for non-solar lights .
 I ordered these because I needed the amber light to match the low voltage lights I had in another part of the yard . They came pretty close to matching the other ones but are definitely what I would call bright . They are rather dim as is typical for solar lights but since I needed just two they seemed to fit the bill .
 This light is a total waste of your money . The ad is misleading and it states lights which is plural meaning more than one . So I thought I was buying a pair . The light is cheap plastic and I am very dissapointed with Amazon for even offering it .
 Hey , talk about fraud ! The product picture shows a case of tape and lists the normal price as $ 236 -LRB- which is what you 's expect for a case of this tape . -RRB- It 's advertised as 94 % off -LRB- or $ 14.96 -RRB- . Makes sense , right ? So what do you get when you order it ? One roll of tape that supposedly `` normally '' costs 236 dollars ? I called and complained about this rip-off a month ago , but it 's still here . Buyer beware ! Amazon does have fraudulent advertising !
 The exact same thing that happened to the first reviewer happened to me . Should 've read it before purchase . you would think amazon would want to keep their reputation clean . Do not ever order from these people . You will be very disappointed !
 Used this for outside emergency acess for about two months . Worked great until I dropped it once and the plastic `` guts '' broke into pieces . Took it apart to see if I could realign something to fix it but the 5 numbers I was using as the combo had all broken internally . Bad design by my standards , I would think it should withstand a drop from 3 feet and survive .
 I bought this to use for putting our home up for sale . The first day realtors visited and could n't get it to work . The last visit of the day , the realtor called me afterward and said it had been opened when he got there , and he could n't close it!Amazon was good about taking a return , but the house is up for sale still tomorrow , and now I do n't have a working lock box !!!!
 I bought this box to hide a spare key . It 's been used exactly three times . I forgot a key . Tried it access the box in -12 degree weather and had to cut he small try to take the box off the tree in order to get to a warm place to get the release button to work while accessing the code.It took over an hour for the box to accept my code . The open button does not fit well.The release button broke off as did the small covers over the springs that activate the codes . THIS IS AN UNRELIABLE PRODUCT.I am definitely going to contact the company . I would not recommend this product to anybody who is using this product outside .
 I 'll give this product two stars because of its durability -LRB- impossible to break into -RRB- but no more because it 's a real pain to use . I do n't like that it : Has buttons -LRB- rather than a rolling combo lock -RRB- that require that you push very hard -LRB- must hear them click -RRB- to ensure that they work , especially because they get `` sticky '' and do n't always push well ; Has a difficult system required to change the combo . On the back of the faceplate you have to carefully use a screwdriver to change the direction of nearly invisible , embossed arrows . If it 's not done properly the box wo n't work ; Has a `` CLEAR '' button in the middle of the faceplate that requires that you clear , clear , clear -LRB- yes , sometimes three times -RRB- before entering the combo to open it AND close it . This is the most annoying part of the box - the constant clearing ; Has an `` OPEN '' button on the top that has a very small hitch and notch that must align perfectly for it to close . If you do n't get it the first time you have to clear , clear , clear again , re-enter the combo and then attempt to close it ; Has a very small space inside to hold the key . You ca n't have any kind of key fob , key ring or key chain on the key because it wo n't fit into the small space . This means that your key , without any kind of fob , ring or chain can easily fall which means that we 're constantly looking on the ground or in the grass for our key ; Has a key hook inside that rusts and is almost impossible to use . There is a small , metal 1/2 '' hook on the inside of the faceplate . I think you 're supposed to hook your key on that so that the faceplate acts as the key fob/ring/chain . However , it rusts , which means you get rust on your hands and clothes if you touch it . It also means that you 're handling a really heavy faceplate that 's flopping around -LRB- no better way to say it -RRB- as you 're using the key to get into the door . Also , it 's nearly impossible to close the faceplate with the key on this little hook because the space inside the box is so small ; and finallyHas a removable faceplate . This is likely the worst part . The faceplate comes off -LRB- rather than hinging like a small door to open -RRB- . It 's pretty heavy and when you 're struggling to get the key out of the tiny space it 's usually an annoyance.We 've had two of these units for a few years because it was the only game in town , so to speak , at our local hardware store . Now that I know that there are lock boxes with hinged faceplates , rolling dial combos , larger interior spaces , etc. , we 're using those .
 How freak 'n obvious is it to make this large enough for at least one car key ? They say 3 keys , ya maybe keys for luggage locks . It wo n't even fit one car key . The spec says 6 inches long , but is not representative of the sorts of keys it can hold . I need a place to store my car key while I surf . This missed the point .
 I would consider this an OK product were it not for two things :1 . The inner sticker that designates the number for each button was placed upside-down by whatever rocket scientist was hired to place the sticker . I can not believe the level of incompetence that produced this outcome , but there you are .2 . Good luck contacting the company . Go to `` gesecurity.com '' , which is the only contact info listed on the product packaging and inserts , and you are directed to additional websites with product brands having nothing to do with the name of this product.A pox on GE for both # 1 and # 2 . The frustration at not being able to contact the company has made me rate this especially low .
 I bought two Kohler K-2209 sinks . They both arrived broken - one in pieces and the other was chipped . Had to pay $ 13 more each to get locally .
 I originally ordered a perfectly made Toto sink , but it was too large and a smaller one was n't available , so I bought the Kohler Caxton . I immediately noticed what I could only describe as a pock marked bowl . Countless blemishes under the surface , which I believe were tiny air bubbles that rose to the surface while the sink was being fired . The sink was smooth , but the imperfections were noticeable in my lighting . I called Kohler to see if this was normal for their product , and was told that it was abnormal and shouldnt 've passed inspection , so I exchanged it for one of the same . Sure enough , the new one had the same markings.It 's a sink , so all I expect is that it is shaped correctly and the bowl is free of visual defects/imperfections . I 'm not a sink expert so I do n't know how difficult it is to get a flawless look , but Toto certainly got it right.Amazon was great with the free exchange , quick refund , and fast deliveries .
 We already have three Kohler 2209 Caxton sinks in our home , and we were ordering two more , these in Biscuit . One of the sinks arrived with two significant indentations in the sink bowl , which had to occur prior to firing in the kiln . Should have been caught before firing . Should have been caught after firing . Should have been caught before boxing . I had to send it back . Sent the other one back as well since it had minor pit blemishes in glaze of sink bowl as well . Wasted my time , wasted somebody 's shipping costs . Where is quality control ?
 I thought these would be a good deal since they are n't as ugly and just as safe . Wrong . When they came , they were scratched from only the packaging . I thought I could deal with it , but when I started doing dental work they would n't stop fogging . Then on the way home I dropped them about a foot and they got scratched in 5 other places ! They may look stylish and sleek , but do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 The item is great , but the description this company uses is incorrect . It is not a set of 4 . It is one pair .
 The Plate is ok , the screws provided are cheep , low quality . The heads will strip long before they tighten down . very hard and time consuming to remove . . if you buy this product , go to you locale hardware store and buy new screws . second problem i had using this company 's product.I was using theArlington TVBU507BL-1 Recessed TV Outlet Box with Paintable Trim Plate , Black , 3-Gang , and would say the the box could be a problem because of the screw hole patterns taken time to screw down , -LRB- long screws -RRB- but the heads did strip . .
 I needed this to fit Cat6 keystones , and every brand I tried would not fit because the horizontal spacing between the keystone ports was too small .
 This thing works well until a bulb blows out . When I replace the bulb , it will not turn off after 4 minutes and I end up having to replace it .
 I bought of these and installed them in the basement . The worked great for about a month . When a thunderstorm came through and the power went out all three units were fried . No other electrical devices in the house were damaged by the outage so it leaves me to believe these are very poorly made . Too bad as they were convienent . I also wish they worked compact flourescent lights . I 'll send them back to BKK brands as there is a 3 three year warranty . See below for details : LIMITED WARRANTYCoverage
 I installed this First Alert Motion Sensing Light Socket in my garage . It worked intermittently for a couple of days and then would not turn off . I turned it off manually and tested again for several days and still would not turn off on its own . I 'll try to return this obviously defective product . I 'm very dissatistied with this product .
 This piece of junk stopped working after 1 month . Guess you get what you pay for .
 ... but it seems to be a tad fragile.I had three of four of these literally stop working after a seemingly routine power outage last week . They were in service for over a year and did a great job while they were alive . Last year one gave up the ghost for no apparent reason.So what is it about the design that makes these things go flat-line ? I 'd like to replace the three dead ones but I 'm getting a little nervous about laying out this kind of $ $ $ on more of the same reliability.Thanks for reading !
 This product does not work with Compact Fluorescent Lights -LRB- CFL -RRB- -LSB- the low energy bulb -RSB- . The troubleshooting guide says the minimum supported wattage is 25 watts . CFL bulbs give off light similar to a 60 or 100 watt bulb , but burn much less energy.This would have been good to know before I bought the product .
 If I had read more reviews , I would have realized this does n't work with compact flourescents . All it does is flash on and off , even if the CFs are above the recommended wattage rating . This bit of information should really be in the product description . With incandescent lights quickly going the way of the dinosaurs , this is a bad design and a bad buy .
 ... after about a week . I was thrilled when I got it as it appeared to do all it promised . Then it stopped .
 I thought , ` what a great idea ! ' and I 'm sure it is under certain situations , but in my closet , nah , did n't work at all . I had to reach up and wave my hand back and forth for it to ` detect ' motion , worthless .
 We have owned several of these units . They are fine -LRB- if they work at all -RRB- for a few months , then they stop working ; they do not turn off after 10 minutes . The warranty is for 3 years , and we have used it twice . Look for an alternative , there are several . This product is inferior .
 I purchased the item for a closet . I installed and it worked fine for 30 days -LRB- return window -RRB- then it just stopped working . Stays on all the time . I ca n't return it so now I have a light socket in a light socket that is redundant that cost me almost $ 25 and it does n't work . Piece of junk . I did n't keep the packaging once I had determined that it worked as advertised . It seems like a simple mechanism . So , if you disregard the warning , at least keep the packaging so you can return it to First Alert at your expense .
 I had wanted something that would turn the outside floodlight on when someone came up the driveway . I thought putting this into the existing socket would solve the problem . Yet , when I received the item , it specifies only indoor use . If they put it in the product description -LRB- not sure they did -RRB- , I did not see it when I ordered . I have no place inside my house where I can use this product , or where I would want to put it up . So once again , I 've bought something for too much money that will end up in a garage sale , unused .
 The item does not work as I thought or per instructions . I wasted my money totally . Does not turn off but stays on continuously .
 I purchased three of these for use in a basement . A unit failed after only 2 months of use when the bulb burned out .
 This motion sensing light socket would need a HUGE lamp and shade to look the proper proportion . Might as well just get a motion sensing light , instead of trying to have a regular lamp do the job .
 This was a great purchase ... for 6 months . Then it just stopped working . I may be silly to do this , but I 'm going to buy a replacement unit , and hope that the first one was just a fluke . Other reviews seem to be good , so for $ 25 , I 'll take a chance.Other than the fact that it stopped working ... it was great . I put it in my basement where I have a pull-chain light in the middle of the room . It was a pain to stumble around in the dark searching for the chain , or grab a flashlight every time I went down . With the motion sensor , as soon as I opened the door to go in , the light came on right away . Perfect solution ! I 'm hoping the second unit lasts .
 Long delay time before turning the light on . Not sensitive enough . Does n't work well with non-incandescent bulbs . No adjustment of the `` time ON '' -LRB- with no motion -RRB- . It does look good though . Can not use it where I wanted because of the long delay time .
 Not as sensitive to movement as I expected . Sometimes one would have to move around for a while in the dark before the light would come on .
 Great when it works.Doesn ' t always come on on when I enter the room . Probably would not buy this product again .
 This product started off like a dream ! It worked well . Now , however , it 's a nightmare . I have all but thrown it out ! I only purchased this in December -LRB- about two months ago - and i 've actually had it for less than this -RRB- . When i first installed it , the light would just come on when motion was detected -LRB- as it should -RRB- . Now . the light bulb blinks furiously before it actually comes on . I ca n't imagine that this can be good for the lifespan of your bulb . And it has got progressively worse , where the bulb flutters like a defective ballast . I do n't even bother turning it on anymore . I chalk this one up to a complete waste of my money !
 It does not work through glass , which is the only way it would work in my case . I returned it .
 Like the previous reviewer , the sensor on all three of my motion lights failed when the bulb burned out . I was using the correct type and wattage bulbs as instructed by the manufacturer .
 It was working for a few weeks in my laundry room , until my wife and I found it was on all the time . now I have to turn it on and off like regular light .
 It worked for about a year . For the money I would expect a longer life .
 We put one in a smallish walk-in closet , and the eye is too close to the ceiling to detect the motion of the opening door . You have to jump and wave at it . I 've had a better product before , with an adjustable eye which can be aimed at the door . This works better in an open space , like a basement , or with a lower-hanging light fixture .
 This is only usable for uncovered ceiling fixtures as typically found in closets or garages . This is not mentioned at all in Amazon 's description but stated in bold ink in the instructions sent with the item . I did n't know this limitation when I ordered two of them which I intended to use in table lamps.I tried them anyway and they do not work as I wanted . I suspect that being upside down means that their sensory zone is such that they wo n't operate properly unless one enters the room by walking in on the ceiling !
 I bought one years ago same exact model - works like a dream . This one does not work at all .
 This is one of the worse light sensor that I have ever bought . The sensor worked for 2 hrs and now the light stays on . The only way to get it to go off is to cut the power . Do not buy ...
 The Amazon information about the First Alert Motion Sensing Light isinsufficient for what one needs to know when buying it , e.g. that it is onlyfor an ceiling fixture with a bare bulb , that it turns on even in daylight .
 `` The bulb does not work . I would not have bought this bulb if I knew that you could only use in a naked slot without any shaded . Even the hall light where the globe is open on the bottom it would not work . I do n't think this design is practical for most our homes today that have globes or shades over their light bulbs . I would send it back but I do n't have time to package it up . ''
 Despite the picture showing a cfl bulb , they do n't work in this unit . The cfl bulb flickered a lot and then went out and did n't come back on . After that attempt I tried a standard bulb , and it flickered a bit as well , and it never turned back off .
 I had problems with this light socket two times you chose not to send it to me a third time .
 the product is made china i thought it was made in the USAits for indoor use only and cant be used outsidethe product did not work at all , i used 40 and 60 watt bulbs never worked , i installed it in 3 different locations and it never worked . the socket looks and feels good but whats the use if it dont workthats what you get when buy chinese products ... nothing !!!
 It is a nice design but with terrible quality control in their manufacturing . They probably used the cheapest circuit parts they could find . It also quit working for me after a couple months . It just stays on and it never turns off . Where else can I find a motion sensing light socket that does not use a battery ? It is unfortunate that no one can make a reliable version of this concept .
 This device has died twice on me , both times within a month of installation . The first one I bought from -LSB- ... -RSB- . Thinking maybe I just had a bad deal , I took it to the local hardware store , which volunteered to give me a replacement for FREE , even though I told him I had n't bought the item there . When that one also failed within a month , I returned to the store to ask what the return rate was . The employee said , `` Very high . First Alert has n't gotten the bugs out of this device yet . '' So ... why is it on the market ?
 You have to read the enclosed pamphlet in the box to discover that . Would have saved me lot of hassle if it had .
 We put this into a pantry , which was about 12 feet deep and 7 feet wide . The montion sensing part never really worked , even after we adjusted the `` eyes '' several times . Initially -LRB- about 2 days -RRB- the timer did work and shut off the light , but then this feature also stopped working . We tried several different types of bulbs and changed the location of the eyes over the course of a week.Maybe we got a lemon , as I have seen others comment about the unit failing in the first year of use .
 First Alert PIR720RN Motion Sensing Light SocketI purchased two of these and one of them failed in less than a week . Went to the First Alert web site and there is no link for warranty service . There is also no email for contacting First Alert in the US . Only a phone number with limited hours of service . Still trying to contact to see how they will remedy my newly purchased defective product .
 Beware . The light never turns off . There are no knobs or any way to adjust the time or sensitivity like other motion sensors . I used this in our attic . I have had it less than a few weeks . It worked fine for about a week , detecting motion and turning on then turning off after a few minutes , but now the light just stays on all the time . I would return it but I dont have the packaging/slip so I 'm just out my $ 22.00 .
 It has to be installed at least 12-14 inches from the wall , they do not specify this anywhere . So this can not be installed in a Porch light.This is useful only if you install it on a pole somewhere out in the openTotal waste of money !
 Blinked on and off when used with a CFL . Made the unit unusable , returned for refund . Also the delay seems to long -LRB- 4 minutes before turning off -RRB- for most uses . Kind of defeats the energy savings if you have to use it with an incandescent bulb .
 This product works exactly as advertised but it flickers the light so badly that I 'll be returning it - my first Amazon return . I tried a 40 watt , a 75 watt and even a 15 watt CF bulb , they all flickered . Instead I 'll look for a dedicated fixture with built-in motion sensor .
 Unit only worked correctly for a couple days . Then began blinking on and off and I could not adjust to make it quit . Returning unit for refund . The last one I had worked flawlessly for years .
 It worked for 1 day.The light stayed on and does n't turn off.Threw out the box , and now I can not get a refund .
 Light were turning on and never shut off . I wanted to use it for the garage as i have a frig there and i am to lazy to turn on the light ... but this guy is FAIL
 This is good product works well with incandescent light and the sensor detects motion at a considerable distance but fluorescence light does not work does not recognize the fluorescent bulb , care is just this model PIR720RN
 It does turn the bulb on and off , but only in 2 specific and fairly narrow directions . I needed a 360 degree sensor and this looked like the right one , but it is not .
 The motion sensing light socket seemed to work fine and I loved it at first . After only 3 weeks of very light use , it completely stopped working . Maybe the one I got was faulty .
 Not good for closets , this device will use old obsolete incandescent bulbs only . I bought two of these to try . By the time they light up , you will have gotten what you needed and closed the door again . They wo n't work outdoors because they 're not designed for that , either . So just what are these good for ? Perhaps for a large empty room lit by a single incandescent light bulb ? If you put any furniture in the dark empty room you 'll be doing Dick Van Dyke impersonations every time you walk through . It is a shame but this thing is pretty much useless . Sorry .
 ... even compact florescent bulbs of the recommended wattage do n't work.So , I went back and re-read the instructions and re-read the box . And , sure enough , they indicate compatibility with incandescent bulbs but do n't mention CFLs.Live and learn.Other than that , the product works fine .
 This product only works on it 's own schedule . I wish I never purchased this product .
 I put one of these in the garage - does n't work at all ! The light stays on tall the time , regardless of bulb wattage . This hangs in the middle of the garage , so no impediments to operation .
 This product did n't work right from the beginning . It flickered , even with the change of watts and then soon after installing and manually turning the lightswitch on and off , it repeatedly burnt out bulbs . NOT at all happy with this product . Yes a great idea and concept if it worked properly .
 Initially , I bought one of these and it seemed to be working ok for 1-2 days , so I bought two more . Surprisingly , after 3-4 days , one of them stopped working -- it stayed permanently on , which pretty much defeats the purpose of having a motion detecting unit . I exchanged it , and a second one has stopped working about 3-4 days -- it also stayed permanently on.So far , 2/4 have been defective . This is either poor quality control or poor engineering.Not recommended . .
 I was looking forward to using this in the laundry room . However , when I finally took it out of the box and put it in the lamp it worked only for about three hours . Then , it started to blink on and off , and now it does not work at all .
 This product defeats the purpose on `` ENERGY SAVING '' . This device doe 's not support `` Energy Saver '' bulbs .
 The motion sensing should automatically turns light on when you enter the room - but this does not happen - you need to wave hands , and wave it again , so the light turns on.Now just after few month of use , the light does not turn off any more - it is always on .
 order extras , they have a high failure rate , meaning the light just stays on and the unit is worthless . 3/8 have failed so far .
 When you look at this item it never says that is indoor only so I thought I could use it in my patio and when i try using it outside it did n't work at all . I have no use for it anywhere else because I have costume lights every where else .
 I bought this for the bathrooms at my son 's little league to help save on power and lower their electric bill . First I tried a Florescent bulb . This bulb died in a day . Then I put in a regular incandescent bulb , which worked for about a month , then the Motion Sensor died.This product is a great idea perhaps someday the manufacture will actually make one that lasts longer than my bill from my credit card .
 The light just stays on . It 's more than 1 foot away from either wall so not sure what they problem is . I put black tape over the sensors facing the wall and that still did n't work.Sucks , because I really wanted this to work . I own a building and I 'd rather have the lights turn on and off when people enter the building.I read the instructions completely and not way to deal with it .
 I thought this was the greatest thing for my basement -- the kids were constantly leaving the light on . The day I ordered a second one , however , the first one burned out . I only had it a month ! Very expensive to only last a month . It 's a great idea , but there must be a way to make them last longer . So I 've spent $ 50 on two and will only have one for however long that lasts . I 'm very disappointed .
 I 've owned four of these , since I need two . That is , I first had two , then two replacements . I currently have none functioning , which is why I returned to this page.I am pleased to see their price has come down a bit , since these are essentially disposable units . The reviewer who notes that she had one fail when the bulb burned out is not alone.In fact , in my experience , all four of the units I have owned all failed the first time the the bulb in them failed . When a bulb in it blows , the unit simply fails and will never work again . I kept one alive a bit longer by being sure to swap out the bulb at regular intervals , trying to avoid having a bulb burn out in it.Then I tried to get clever
 This gadget is just plain unreliable . Like a few of the other reviewers have noted , it basically works when it wants to work . I installed it in my basement washroom . It is not near a wall or anything , out in the open hanging from the ceiling free and clear of obstruction . The first day or two it worked OK . Then it stopped working until I went and pulled the chain to turn the light back on . It worked maybe a few more times correctly then I was back pulling the chain again to get the light on . Rubbish . I got this on Amazon during a lightning deal so I only lost $ 18 not sure if I am going to bother to return it . save your money . For the record , I give it ZERO stars .
 Does not work well . When it does work , long delay . Replaced it with a remote light switch .
 Worked for one day . I used it with a CFL and it seemed to work for a while now it just flickers the CFL and wo n't turn on an incandescent at all . As others have said it requires some light to be present for the motion sensor to work .
 Was great for about 5 minutes until it stopped working . Okay , maybe it was two days . It definitely was n't more than that . I 'm still in denial that I paid money for this thing so it 's a paperweight in my office .
 Bought two , only one worked . The one that works does it anytime , day or night , it 's hypersensitive .
 short range . doesnt work in most sockets or even with some bulbs . not worth 20 dollars . look elsewhere .
 When used with a Compact Flourescent bulb , the lamp began to flicker after a few seconds . Not every time , but enough to piss you off . Seemed to work with standard incandescent and LED lamps , however incandescents are going away and any useful LED 's are still stupid money to buy .
 I bought two of these . They worked great for a few months and then both stopped working for no apparent reason . Too bad because they were very convenient and helped put an end to people leaving the lights on when not needed .
 This product worked in our closet intermittently for 3 days , then it completely stopped sensing motion at all . If the switch is on , the light is on . If the switch is off , the light is off.Terrible product experience . I 'd suggest avoiding this one completely .
 Ordered the item from Home and Beyond through amazon.com . Only worked with incandescent bulb . Might work with fluorescent bulb greater than 25W , but could not try because it broke after two days . Sent two RMA requests , did not receive any response from Home and Beyond .
 The product was problematic at first because it does n't work with Compact Flourescent Lights , which is all I have in my home . But the one star review is because when I did put a regular bulb in it , it died after just 2 days and I had to return it . For the two days it did work it was fine - a slight delay before it would recognize the motion but was useable .
 The unit stays on and never shuts off . I mounted in an uncover ceiling light in the basement . Quality control lacking . Save your money .
 It does not work and not even worth my time to return it . I am dissapointed with this manufacturer and will avoid it going forward .
 I replaced my kitchen cabinets 7 years ago with very high end cabinets . The cabinets came with these bumpers , and I was given an additional pack of these . The name `` 3M Bumpon '' is on the back of the spare buttons , some of which I used . They seemed very nice , but I noticed several months back that they were turning sticky and the doors were sticking shut . I have spent several hours a day for 5 days now removing the old buttons . The only product that would remove the old adhesive is naptha , which makes me very sick . The old bumpers are also acidic and have eaten into some of the finish . By the time I am through replacing the old bumpers , I will have wasted a day and a half of my life , at least . Screw 3M ! Buy a different product .
 Installed 2 of these rings when the master bath was remodeled two years ago . I like the Forte appearance and the device is substantial in construction . However , the ring which holds the towel is fixed in place rather than hinged ; therefore no movement . That makes it difficult to place or remove the towel . Very inconvenient and one is reminded every time the towel is used . The other items in the Kohler Forte line are satisfactory -LRB- the single handle sink faucet -RRB- or outstanding -LRB- all of the others that we have -RRB- .
 This is an attractive ring . After having ours for > 1 year , we would definitely not purchase it again . The hex-wrench set-screw that holds the ring onto the wall attachment is a poor design that easily comes loose and falls off .
 I dont like writting negative reviews , but i have to be honest so people know what to expect.I bought this unit for small demolition work in my house , demolishing and old wood lath/plaster wall . The filters clogged up relatively fast when working in highly dusty environment -LRB- not the issue by any means , cleaning it brought me back into a working state -RRB- . Disappointing part was that the piece that controls the band on how tight you want the mask to be on your face broke - within 2-3 hours of usage . Since i had to continue working and had no backup mask , i tied the tightening band around the area next to a filter . It got me through the day but i was disappointed . I dont know how much it would cost to make plastic tightening clip a little more sturdy - but it definitely worth spending few pennies just for this purpose .
 Watch out , if this mask is not a good fit for your face you can not return it to the seller Deal 816 . First they said it is a Hazardous material , then when I pressed the matter they changed the reason to , `` it is not hygienic '' for them to take it back . I fit it to my face & realized it would be uncomfortable , I did not lick it . My real dis-satisfaction is not with the respirator , it is with Deal 816 .
 Seems effective but straps that latch on to the side of the mask are very weak . Used to demo 3 bathrooms , they only lasted two weeks
 Not quite sure how to rate this product - it looks good , but I 've not been able to get this to work with my garage door opener . I 've got a Linear LD050 garage door opener and it seems no matter how I connect it it just does not want to work . I 've emailed Chamberlain to see if they are able to assist - will have to see how they respond . Would be nice to get this to work as I 've had it for just over 1-year and have yet to get it to work.UPDATE Feb 13 , 2013 - Contacted Chamberlain that makes this product and found out that this unit is not compatible with my garage door opener -LRB- LINEAR LD050 -RRB- the one that does with with Linear is model CLULPI . They said they would sell me the right unit , but for $ 39.95 + shipping + taxes , so not happy . I wish the seller at the time would have listed the types of garage door openers that this unit would work with . I have contacted Chamberlain to see if they would be willing to exchange the unit I have for the correct unit . I may well update my review depending on what Chamberlain says .
 I have spent several hours trying to get this gadget to function withmy LiftMaster garage door opener . After carefully installing perthe instructions , the laser pointer did not light up . I went throughall of the trouble shooting steps without success . Called LiftMastertechnical support , waited 35 minutes to talk to a rep in India -LRB- ? -RRB- . Very difficult to understand , rude , and of no use . I tired of wastingseveral hours on what seemed like a good idea . Contacted Amazon torequest a return .
 I had seen this laser in use and thought it would be great for my needs . However , when I stalled it I discovered the laser I had seen and this one were not the same . What I wanted was a solid beam that could easily be seen . What I got in this product was a pulsing weak beam that is difficult to see . The concept is good , but this product 's weak pulsing beam is poor .
 As mentioned by another reviewer , this is not a Sears Craftsman product . This does not work with my Pro Max opener . There is fine print in the installation guide stating that this is for Chamberlain openers only . Do not purchase if you do not have a Chamberlain opener .
 Received the Chamberlain LiftMaster 975LM and had it installed in 5 minutes . After an hour of trying to get it to work , I called Liftmaster only to find out that the unit only works with the safety beams installed . When the beam is tripped , the laser turns on . Since I have the safety disabled -LRB- Taped together on top of the unit -RRB- this Parking assist will not work . This is something that should be stated in the description of the product .
 I used a peace of wood as a parking assistance and i found it more better than using this product which does n't work in day light unless if you close the garage door and difficult to adjust . Laser WoodNo YES Eco FriendlyYes No RadiationNo Yes Auto Stop AssistNo YES Easy Installation
 Tried to connect this product in different ways and it did not work . Do not waste your money on this .
 But stupid Amazon for not appropriately describing the product 's limitations.I can get it to work once , but then somewhere inside it 's little brain the laser turns off and it wo n't turn back on again until I disconnect it from the opener .
 This appears to work on Chamberlain openers only . I wish I knew this before I purchased two .
 This might work if it does n't have to shine through your wind-shield - I could n't see it on the dashboard .
 Although the transaction and delivery was very smooth and fast , the laser is not compatible with my Linear garage door opener.I can get it to work by unplugging the opener and then turning it back on , but that wo n't work when I am driving into the garage . Wish they would come up with a practical solution .
 I purchased this prior to Xmas and finally got around to installing it -LRB- so I can no longer return it -RRB- . It worked for the first 5 minutes and then died . Look elsewhere .
 Got it shipped in good time . Hooked up and works as it is suppose to . But not worth ordering . The laser light is hard to see.Had to put the tennis balls back up for the daugther and hooked back up the Park-Zone 120-Volt Dual-Powered Battery-Powered Precision Parking Device #PZ -1500 which works great 80 % of the time , on the other stall .
 The parking assist does not work with the Genie garage door opener . Tried to get assistance from Liftmaster via email , but never got a response . If instructions for the Genie were included it would probable be a good device .
 Lid is too thin . It bends when you sit on it . I 'm afraid it will crack after it has been used for a while .
 this is a very cheaply made item . the holes are very close together making use of an adaptor impractical asi it covers 2-3 of the outlets -LRB- depending on adaptor size . i paid 7 and feel ripped , at 4 would have been fair . another big problem is there is no on-off switch nor any lights indicating it is on -LRB- i should have looked at the pic -RRB- ... this is a huge problem for me . my other outlet plugs have a main on-off switch which i find need of many times . seeing how cheap this is , how small , i wonder IF it will really do the job of protecting ... how does one ever know until a fatal strike to equipment . i guess one is paying for the belkin name .
 I 've used this extension cord for exactly 5 months , and it just stopped working suddenly out of the blue . I 've used several other brands Surge Protector and they 've NEVER failed me for several years . Even the $ 3 cord at Walmart lasts longer.Probably the only thing that matters in these types of products is reliability . And this is precisely where the product comes unstuck . STAY Far away from this one . THUMBS DOWN !
 Poorly designed . One set of slots on back to wall mount . Of course those are on one side , not the center , so when you install the unit it rocks around on the wall . IMPOSSIBLE to mount flush . Also , and quite expected of something this thoughtlessly designed , the slots are upside down so you must install the unit upside down in order to put each of the screw heads in the fat end of the slot and let the shaft of the screw drop `` securely '' into the small end . This item just falls short all the way around . I will not pay shipping to return it but looking at it mounted askew on the wall right now with the word `` NIKLEB '' staring at me is bugging me as I write .
 Unfortunately , I did not test this when it was delivered . And a couple of months later realize this belkin surge protector was dead on arrival .
 This thing is trash . It 's dead after about 5 months . Reset switch does n't do the trick either . The switch is flimsy too . It supposedly has a lifetime warranty but the model number does n't exist on the Belkin web site when you try to get a warranty replacement and you must pay the shipping back to them . I 'll just buy a better product with the money it would cost me to ship this back . DO N'T BOTHER BUYING THIS SURGE PROTECTOR !!! I 'd give it a negative star if I could .
 I was expecting this item to have a flat plug . I am disappointed that it doesnt have a flat plug AND that i can not return or exchange this item . Guess i am stuck with it .
 i bought three of these and had problems with all three ! as another reviewer noted , any time you touch the wire , this thing goes off and i have to manually reset which causes an odd buzzing that i do n't like the sound of . i have this under my computer desk and occasionally hit the wire with my feet . a surge protector should be more robust than this and since i have had the same problem with three units -LRB- i bought them all at once or would never repurchase -RRB- i do n't believe it is a rare defect but built into the design .
 Waste of money , it does n't work at all . There should be a zero point possibility , it is just cheap enough to not send it back .
 I guess that price mattersI have had this strip for only 6 months and it stopped working . It had very light usage and just quitthis is so disappointingI now have to purchase another one
 As soon as I plug this in the outlet sparks flew and it fried . Very dangerous do not waste your money .
 I bought this because it was cheap . Well , I got what I paid for . I plugged my TV , cable box , and wireless router into this strip and watched TV for awhile . It seemed to work fine . Then I walked across the room and opened a door and boom , all three of those devices went out . I 'm not exaggerating , all it took was opening the door vigorously for the power to flicker and the devices to turn off . I went back and tried repositioning the power strip , turning it off , turning it back on , everything I could think of . Simply by moving it around , I would cause the power to flicker and the devices would turn off and then turn back on again a moment later when I moved the power strip again . I ca n't tell if it 's because the switch on top is finicky -- it has an `` off '' position and a `` reset '' position , but no clearly marked `` on '' position , so the middle position must be `` on '' but the switch is so floppy and insubstantial that you ca n't tell what position it is in . The problem may also be that the internal wiring on my model is faulty , hence the flickering . Whatever the reason , it does n't work . I plugged my devices back into the wall directly and they work fine . Spend a bit more and do n't waste your money taking a chance on this power strip . I 'm kind of irritated because it 's not worth the hassle to send it back so I 'll just have to go buy a better one at Target or someplace .
 I 've bought a couple of other belkin surge protectors several years ago due to their reputation , I have n't had a power surge or lightning strike that I know of , so I ca n't tell you if they really do more than provide multiple outlets . As they are I 'm content with them.This one seems ok . It does n't have the light that the more expensive ones have to show that it 's switched on or not . I think my other two also have lights that show that the surge protection part is still functional , I do n't know if the surge protection part wears out over time , or how it works actually.For this one however , if you have those brick sized plugs , it 's going to cover up at least two outlets due to the outlet spacing on the strip.When I plug in an item there is a lot of resistance , on some of the outlets more than others , like something is slightly out of place blocking the outlet a bit . I 'm thinking I should return it , in case it 's an indication that the surge protector is poorly made and it might not work.I currently have doubts about Belkin 's reputation in general , as I 've been seeing online that they paid .65 cents per positive review at amazon , new egg , and buy.com -LRB- regardless of whether person had bought product or not -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- It does not surprise me though that people are faking reviews on websites , I 've found some to sound overly enthusiastic and treated them with a grain of salt -LRB- particularly with books -RRB- . It 's just too bad that it 's to the extent described in the article .
 This protector is too short to use . I will not buy it if i have need a protector !! Do not buy it !
 I thought this was going to be a good surge protector until I had to be in a nursing home for temporary rehab this past fall . When I had it brought in from home for my own use in my room , it did not meet the safety requirements for the nursing home and now that I am back home , I hope it will be safe for me here . Especially since I bought the 6 Outlet Wall Mount too
 There was no attempt to mask that this item had been used , enough to get it dirty all over , with junk stuck in the cracks on the bottom.I decided to just scrub it down and use it anyway , but really , what exactly is going on behind the scenes over there ?!
 i left a relationship and packed up my stuff . i had left all of my surge protectors -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- . i selected the belkin six outlet surge protector off of amazon . it arrived with a 2 foot power cord that was curled up like a truck spring . once i plug it into the outlet the power cord curls up like spring because the surge protector is made of cheap plastic thats not as heavy as the protector . to make things worse any electronics with a three prong plug does n't work in the belkin surge protector .
 i plugged my ipod speaker into this , and an hour later the power went out . The cord never worked again . Thank goodness my speakers were ok , but the cord is toast , after only one use .
 ok , i bought this surge agrouped with anothers itemsand never come to me . . i do not know what happen with this!also i do not know how contact amazon to tell this !
 I bought 4 quantities and 2 of them are not working at all !!! I recommend you to never by this product ...
 It is just dead in three months . I got mine from the Home Depot at higher cost . Avoid it at any costs .
 The joule rating indicates the degree of protection a surge protector provides . If they do n't give you that info one can only assume it 's not that good . The minimum joule rating should be 400-600 , though higher is usually better .
 Super excited to get a deal on these - however theres always a catch . the cord is super short which is fine I expected that - however whenever you move the cord while its plugged in it will reset and restart everything - I have discovered this is due to faulty wiring/securing within the plastic and wiring - Overall I would return if I could - I 'd say avoid unless they just gave me 2 defective ones .
 It works , but I regret this choice . I overlooked the short cord -LRB- 2 1/2 ' -RRB- which limits it 's usefulness . The orientation of the outlets makes it a poor choice for use with converters , since most will cover 2 outlets .
 Wire provided with the surge protector is too small . Rest everything is fine with the product.Packaging is also good
 this is more of an extension plug ... does n't protect well ... Order a product with more jules to portect your valuable items .
 After using this surge protector for a month , it suddenly died . The only things that were plugged in it were a bedside lamp , a cell phone charger , and occasionally a laptop adapter.I recommend against purchasing this surge protector , and instead spending a few more dollars to get a better model . The $ 10-13 ones are much better .
 I purchased this one on 5/1 , and received it on 5/4 . It has been used like 2,3 times and the total time is less than an hour.Now it is dead and I ca n't return it either.If you just want to risk your $ 7 , please go ahead . However , if you ask me , I would say it is NOT worth at all .
 Bought this from Amazon last fall . It lasted 3 months before dying . Not worth the cost of warranty replacement ; shipping would cost more than a replacement unit . Will not be buying Belkin products anymore .
 I bought this surge protector just a year ago and the first time the electricity went out the surge blew out the mother board in my computer . Luckily it was under warranty .
 The water tastes quite good , but after a while of using it , the cartridge started leaking little black be-be shaped particles . This got into the reservoir of the tank and is taking a lot of work to clean . If you use this product , be careful .
 There 's absolutely nothing wrong with this pull . It is very nice and the quality is what you would expect from Amerock . But ... if you buy from Woodworkers Hardware through Amazon , you will get a ton of spam from them -LRB- WWH -RRB- annoucing evry little special they have . In fact , they send each email to you twice.And though there is a link on every page to opt out of the spam , it is useless . You click on it and indicate your email address and your request to opt out , but the emails continue . I 've opted out of every email for 6 months and they still keep coming.Your best bet is to order by phone and do not give them your email address !
 This thinset is terrible . the container states that it dries in 24 hours but that is not true at all . It has been 3 days since I laid tile and it is still has n't hardened . I will never buy this product for anymore projects . I am also calling this company to complain . This is a time wasting and frustrating product .
 I used this product to put down a tile floor in our kitchen , turned out to be a disaster . This product has a very long drying time . If you want to grout in a couple of days do n't use this adhesive . A week and a half later we had tiles coming loose because the adhesive was still not dry . Entire floor will need to be torn up and redone.I would never use this product in the future .
 I had high hopes for this fume extractor , but it just does n't work.When I start using it , I see the fumes scatter in all directions . I also noticed that if I remove the rotating filter , it works better , but no filter means that the fumes stay in my work area .
 Unless you are eager to piss your money away , do not buy these piece-of-crap ear plugs . The ear pods themselves are too soft and shrink up after being exposed to air . The band itself has a weak weld at the midpoint which WILL break after a short time . There is nothing redeeming about these at all .
 the idea of interchangeable plugs was a good one , but the pegs to hold them on break very easily . not like I am a big strong guy who was n't being careful easy either . More like the plug gets bent a little pulling off the head band and oops , its broken . Wo n't buy these again .
 Ear piece fell off right away , ear plug material too soft . Takes too much effort to get inserted into ear canal . Waste of money .
 Do n't buy these . Almost any earplug you get in a drugstore will be more comfortable and effective than these . The surface is rough and scratchy , they do n't compress easily and they do n't fit the eardrum . The only good thing is that they are cheap . That junk about the hexagonal design being conducive to compressing easily ? That 's bull -- that 's just they way they are stamped/cut on the giant flat sheet.Silicone earplugs -LRB- Flents and Hearos are both excellent -RRB- are the way to go .
 I was very surprised that when I opened the box , two of the three rubber inserts had melted and were sticky and messy leaving all sorts of black sticky ooze on my hands that would only come of with paint thinner . Brought it inside to cool off but the rubber remained sticky and came off on the hands and the tool . Very disappointed in it .
 I never had a chance to try the tape . Upon receiving the tape I pulled out a few feet to check the markings . I went to wind it back up and the winder fails to recall the tape . I 'm able to extend the tape but not wind it back up . I had to return this tape for a refund.Very poor quality control when the mechanism does not work right out of the box . Another piece of junk made in China.I 've come to accept that Stanley no longer makes tapes that last the test of time . I typically replace my tapes every couple of years when the winder invariably fails to unwind or wind . In contrast my fathers Stanley tape measure has been working great for over 30 years ! If anyone can recommend a tape measure they still make with the pride they made in my fathers day then please post a comment .
 The idea behind this product is great , however the plastic pieces did not work out good . They continually kept bending making very difficult to line up the grooves in the wood .
 Update
 Copy of the letter body that I included in my return : Dear Return Specialist , Please feel free to forward my complaint on to the manufacturer , which I may do as well.I am returning these two boxes of deck hardware because the product not only severely failed to meet my expectations , it failed to approach my expectations . My expectations that were set based upon the manufacturer description and user reviews.I tried for over half of a working day to get these fasteners to work in a way that I found satisfactory . The plastic is too flimsy to hold down the decking boards secure enough for the boards not to move , and yes I used an adequate amount of proper construction adhesive . To secure the deck board from moving I had to draw down the screw so far it would bend the plastic tie so severely that the adjoining deck board would not slip over it . It was truly a frustrating and exhausting experience . After several hours of trying to make it work , pulling up boards and re-positioning them , and even doing some internet searches for tips and troubleshooting I gave up , went to the store and bought some screws.I understand that I am beyond the full refund time period , and I am ok with that . I welcome any percentage refund you may offer , but even if I receive no credit on my account , I do n't want these in my shop . I gladly pay the shipping fees to send them back , rather than inflicting pain on another soul by giving these away.If they were metal then I think they have potential .
 I had to tear out a deck I had installed with these . The problem is while they space the decking nicely , they also keep it from expanding at all . The 10 x 12 deck I made with Bulletwood -LRB- a tropical hardwood being sold as decking in my area -RRB- expanded so much it pulled the joists right out of their hangers ! I would check out the `` Tigerclaw '' , a fastener that drives in with a hammer and does n't fill the gap between deck boards .
 The finished results is just what I wanted . The installation process is tidius . It more than doubles your time to install . But I was installing a very hard wood -LRB- Brazilian Redwood -RRB- . The only complaint I have is every box of clips only contained 90 screws instead of the 100 . I bought 800 units and came up short 80 screws .
 I abandoned using this system while putting the first two boards down . I used 20 foot 5/4 Trex and cut the biscuit slots myself . Problems included the following :1 . When there is a crown differential in adjacent joist the fasteners tend to bend down making the installation of the next board very difficult .2 . The fasteners are too noticable . Even with black painted screws like I used the dark black biscuits are very visible from above and below through the 1/4 '' gap required by Trex .3 . This process is SLOW and unless you are blessed with tremendous patience and have a lot of time on your hands consider other options .4 . Cutting your own biscuit slots is a lot of work and very hard to do ahead of time accurately to hit the joist locations . This often leads to the need to recut the biscuit slot up on the deck to get everything aligned . Use pre-grooved material with these fasteners .5 . Trex and EB-ty both say the deck should be glued down as well . I never got this far as I could not get the second board to slide over the biscuits in the edge of the first board . IF I did it would have been really frustrating to then pull teh board off , apply the glue and then struggle to get the board to align with the biscuits again while sliding the board THROUGH the glue rather than dropping it ON the glueBottom line
 I can reiterate much of what the other reviewers have already stated . Mine broke after only a little light use around my house . I 'm not in construction and do n't even use the tape all that often , and certainly not roughly , yet the retracting mechanism broke after just a bit of use . The thin tape snapped in two when the retracting mechanism failed and the tape wound itself up inside the case . I 've had one of the older LeverLock tapes -LRB- one of the bright orange ones mentioned in another review -RRB- , and it still works great though it 's many years old and has had much more use than the piece of junk yellow egg model . I only bought the yellow one because I had misplaced the orange one and could n't find it . Thank goodness I later found the orange one . The yellow 30-830 model is junk . Do n't waste your money on it . Although Stanley says they 'll replace defective tapes , is it really worth the shipping cost and hastle to send it in ? I do n't think so . Especially since they might end up claiming it was abused , anyway .
 I 've always been a huge fan of the LeverLock style tapes . The old style Stanley LeverLocks were great . I still have a neon green one that is struggling to survive . But these new LL tapes are of poor design and quality . I 've owned a 30 ' and a 25 ' so far and regret wasting the money on them . Here 's why :1 . The actual tape seem to be much cheaper now . My 30 ' tape only lasted a couple months before it tore and wound itself up inside the case . I then purchased the 25 ' thinking it would be a thicker more sturdy tape . It was not .2 . The new rounded , `` futuristic egg '' looking design is just goofy looking .3 . The actual lever mechanism is too weak . You ca n't even set the tape down while it 's extended because it 's own weight is enough to press the lever and make the tape retract . What a glaring design flaw . Stanley should be embarrassed .4 . I guess their solution to this was to add a little red button that will lock the lever and not allow it to be depressed . Maybe it seemed like a good idea to the design engineer that came up with it , but to real people using this tape in the real world it is simply an unwanted extra step in the process of trying to use this tape . That stupid button was always getting accidentally engaged and was a constant source of irritation . I ended up just cutting it off with a razor knife .5 . Why does Stanley continue to refuse to offer a `` Fat Max '' version of the LeverLock ? Do they think us LeverLock users have no need for a wider , more sturdy tape ? Are they really that out of touch?If you can find an older style LeverLock tape maybe on ebay or something then get it . -LRB- They were more square shaped and most often seemed to be in colors of neon green or bright orange . -RRB- However I can not recommend these new , kinda-egg shaped LeverLocks . They have no redeeming qualities at all and are greatly inferior to the older style.The only other tape currently being made that uses an identical lever mechanism is made by Craftsman . They call them `` bottom locking '' tapes . Their design is far superior to this new Stanley design . The Craftsman tapes are not perfect either , but they are a much better choice than these Stanley models . I 'd recommend at least checking them out .
 Perhaps I got a lemon . Nearly right out of the box my 30 ft LeverLock mechanism began to fail . At first , if I set the tape down with the rule extended , the weight of itself would release the LeverLock and the tape would retract ! Soon after the mechanism refused to hold the tape extended at all . I have struggled with this tape for a year now and I have cursed it nearly every time I use it . The tape increments have also worn off to the point where on the first 6 or 7 feet I can not read any fractional markings at all . If I could give this turkey ZERO stars I would . Mr. Stanley , you blew it on this one ! I 'm looking for a better tape right now .
 Broke within a week of moderate use . First it stopped retracting the tape - then the tape came off the inner tongue/catch . Ignore the Stanley `` lifetime warranty '' , it will cost you more than $ 5 to ship it back . So it is not worth it . Spend more and get a better measuring tape . This one is a bummer . Not recommended .
 I 'm in construction and spent several years working as a framing carpenter . I love working with a lever lock tape . Just pull it out and squeeze it when you want to reel it in.Unfortunately , either the tape manufactures have given up on lever locks , or ; they just are n't paying attention.First of all , a 25 ' tape comes up short too often so a 30 ' is required for most jobs . A 35 ' tape is even better , but lever locks are n't made in 35 ' lengths.So , I have a 30 ' tape just like the picture . I did at least until this morning when my almost new tape broke . I pulled it out to past 30 ' and the `` T '' on the end of the steel leader sheared off . The resulting sharp edge cut the heel of my hand pretty good . I do n't need stitches , but it wo n't stop bleeding.It may not help , but here it goes , I want a 35 ' , Fat Max , leverlock tape engineered to work properly in the hands of an American craftsman . Is that too much to ask ?
 The new style Stanley Leverlock works fine . But ... And a big but ... When adding the width of the case for inside measurements , you add 3-1/4 '' , at least on the 30 ' rule . C'mon , you got ta be kidding me - 3-1/4 '' ??? Every tape I ever used you add 3 '' , except for the Fat Max and that 's 3-1/2 '' . Now we need to remember 3-1/4 '' for the new Leverlock . I have used Leverlock tapes for years - but no more . Now I 'll need to find a new favorite tape that adds 3 '' .
 The original Level Lock was far better . My old tape finally broke after may years of use . Without question , I went back to Stanley for a new Level Lock . My new lever lock is always sticking in locked position and the last four feet of tape rarely zips back in without help . The old lock system never failed me but this one ... I even tried to repair the old one but of course Stanley changed the tape and spring system ... Off to find an old stock of these or a new tape ...
 Like others that have commented , this tape is a far cry from the original . I remodel kitchens and bathrooms ... also have a shop for building cabinets . My partner and I used the old style Leverlock until the new improved version came out . I bought as many old styles as I could find at hardware stores and on eBay when the change was made . Now we are out of good tape measures . My partner buys a simple green locking tape from Wal-Mart , and I struggle with the old remaining tapes looking for a good replacement tape insert that is n't the cost of a case of beer . I have used a few of the knock-offs from Sears , but they seem to have stopped making those too -LRB- black was n't any good anyway -RRB- . One of the biggest problems I had with the ball shaped new style was I could n't quickly set it on a counter or bench . It would roll off . The old box style just stayed there . Sorry Stanley , get some new engineers to re-think the tape measure . This is like the New Coke .
 The picture you see is NOT what you will receive . You will instead receive the newly designed Leverlockthat is poorly made and which you can buy at any hardware store for half the price . The people who are advertising this product have been notified more than once that the tape measure shown in the photo iswrong , and yet , there it still is . DO NOT BUY THIS .
 I 'm a carpenter and used the old style leverlock since the mid 90s . When they changed to the inferior new version , I stocked up on a whole bunch of the old ones but I 've broken them all now . The new version INFURIATES me , on a daily basis . I agree with all the other excoriating reviews , and will add new reasons to hate it
 Stanley
 I purchased this particular tape measure recently to replace one that 's the same model , which I have been using for 10 yrs in outdoor construction . This one broke after 1 week because the spring could no longer retract . In addition , the gauge of tape and its coating was not as good as the one I had before . The production quality of this tape measure is nowhere as good as it once was . It 's a pity because the design was awesome
 I purchased the 30 ' lever lock . When I used it beyond 20 ' and could not get the measuring tape to go be in place . I purchased this product because it was a Stanley . It was a complete waste of money .
 Somebody must have been trying to reinvent the mouse trap when they came up with this design , but they really missed the mark . The tape is flimsy and is constantly bending even at a 4 foot interval . The markings are vague even when new and wear off easily . The retract design requires your fingers to be where the tape retracts and often pinches your fingers . I have lost count of how many times I 've thrown this thing across my shop in disgust . Too bad , Stanley used to have a good product .
 Broke within a week of moderate use . First it stopped retracting the tape - then the tape came off the inner tongue/catch . Ignore the Stanley `` lifetime warranty '' , it will cost you more than $ 5 to ship it back . So it is not worth it . Spend more and get a better measuring tape . This one is a bummer . Not recommended .
 I must agree with the majority here . I 'm always ready to try an `` improved '' model -- but this has broken now after very little occasional use and will no longer lock . I 'll be looking for something like the old style to replace it . You can certainly buy worse/cheaper tapes than this but it 's sad to see what has become of what used to be a quality product .
 I 'm a professional carpenter and was a loyal user of the old model of the Leverlock . This new version completely and utterly stinks . Moreover than just the design being pitiful , I believe the tape itself to be of poorer quality now as well - I had two break off right near the 1 '' line within three weeks time . I gave the new style an honest chance . NEVER AGAIN . I wish I could give less that 1 star .
 I had the old neon leverlock tapes for over 6 years . Until I used them to do outside work in the mud they were the most dependable tapes I had ever owned . Unfortunately , they 're no longer manufactured or available anywhere and they replaced them with crap.The new leverlock has some major flaws . Among them are ; excessive play in the hook end , uncomfortable new case -LRB- too rounded -RRB- , leverlock looks and feels flimsy and does n't look as though it would survive a drop from an 8 foot ladder although i did n't get a chance to test a drop . This did not have a chance to fail from the previously memtioned gripes . The tape was stepped on and tore in half instantly . Extremely unusual.I recommend you stay away from the new line of leverlocks . The only good ones were the Neon models from years ago . If anyone knows where to find the Neon Leverlock Tapes -LRB- 25 ' or 30 ' -RRB- new , please post it here .
 I do estimates for a living and spend a lot of time measuring . The old style Leverlock was far superior to this new version . The button that allows the tape to either stay locked or reel back in seems to have a mind of its own and makes it difficult to use .
 I own a cabinet shop and have used Leverlocks since they were 1st introduced , about 15-20 years ago and for the life of me I ca n't understand why Stanley would do away with the old design to replace it with this far inferior design . The leverlock idea is superior to any other , but this new design has many flaws , the worst being that button that 's supposed to keep the tape locked , probably designed by a 23 year old engineer . The button wo n't stay where you put it , and at times virtually makes the leverlock idea inoperable . I find myself spending more time fiddling with that freakin ' button than measuring . The case is too small . It 's like trying pitch a golf ball instead of a baseball . Just does n't fill up the hand like it should . The tape is flimsy and crimps easily . The numbers and marks wear much more quickly than the old neons . I found 2 NOS black 3/4 '' x 25 ' leverlocks on ebay and I plan to guard them with my life , although I really need the 1 '' model . If you measure for a living , hang onto your money 'til you can find an old neon model .
 I have also been using the old style of stanley leverlocks from there original production.I am a professional plumber and use a tape constantly in every type of situation . When i saw the new style tape stanley created I thought that it looked great but soon found out that they were a peice of junk the aforementioned button was a big hang up for me i would cut off the clip that would hold the lever in place . but over all the whole design is flawed . The old style of leverlock held up much better . I keep my old leverlock case and purchase the stanley powerlocks and change out the guts but my old case is almost woreout and no longer locks with the lever so i am looking for a replacement now . i wouldent have a new style leverlock if you gave it to me to much of a headache when it fails on the job.i have had the case i have now for about four years and changed the blade about once a year . I suggest that you steer away from this tape if you use one a lot .
 I too agree the old neon leverlock tape rules were better . Aside from design defects with the casing , the gauge of the tape appears to be thinner . Mine is twisted out of shape for the first 12 inches . This makes it impossible for it to grab as you drag the tape along an object . The `` tooth '' no longer faces down .
 I 've always been a huge fan of the LeverLock style tapes . The old style Stanley LeverLocks were great . I still have a neon green one that is struggling to survive . But these new LL tapes are of poor design and quality . I 've owned a 30 ' and a 25 ' so far and regret wasting the money on them . Here 's why :1 . The actual tape seem to be much cheaper now . My 30 ' tape only lasted a couple months before it tore and wound itself up inside the case . I then purchased the 25 ' thinking it would be a thicker more sturdy tape . It was not .2 . The new rounded , `` futuristic egg '' looking design is just goofy looking .3 . The actual lever mechanism is too weak . You ca n't even set the tape down while it 's extended because it 's own weight is enough to press the lever and make the tape retract . What a glaring design flaw . Stanley should be embarrassed .4 . I guess their solution to this was to add a little red button that will lock the lever and not allow it to be depressed . Maybe it seemed like a good idea to the design engineer that came up with it , but to real people using this tape in the real world it is simply an unwanted extra step in the process of trying to use this tape . That stupid button was always getting accidentally engaged and was a constant source of irritation . I ended up just cutting it off with a razor knife .5 . Why does Stanley continue to refuse to offer a `` Fat Max '' version of the LeverLock ? Do they think us LeverLock users have no need for a wider , more sturdy tape ? Are they really that out of touch?If you can find an older style LeverLock tape maybe on ebay or something then get it . -LRB- They were more square shaped and most often seemed to be in colors of neon green or bright orange . -RRB- However I can not recommend these new , kinda-egg shaped LeverLocks . They have no redeeming qualities at all and are greatly inferior to the older style.The only other tape currently being made that uses an identical lever mechanism is made by Craftsman . They call them `` bottom locking '' tapes . Their design is far superior to this new Stanley design . The Craftsman tapes are not perfect either , but they are a much better choice than these Stanley models . I 'd recommend at least checking them out .
 The bulbous shape makes accurate inside measurements nearly impossible . That goofy little sliding button determines whether the blade will lock or not , regardless of user preference , and on mine , stopped working entirely after about a month -LRB- permanently unlocked -RRB- . Stanley should do a Coke , and bring back the `` LeverLock Classic . '' It WAS a well-designed , functional tool .
 This tape probably works fine for the homeowner . However , I 'm a professional carpenter and I use a tape measure daily . I loved the old style of this tape - I HATE this one ! It 's awkward and fits in a tool-belt tape holder like a round peg in a square hole . I wish the `` think tank '' , that probably never cut a piece of wood in their collective lives mind you , that had the idea to change the design of this tape , would just change it back .
 I 've not used the old style leverlock mentioned here but the new model on its own is junk . My complaints are similar to many
 I am a professional carpenter and have used the LeverLock tapes since I was a sales clerk in a hardware store 25 years ago . The only problem that I had with the original was that the case would crack after repeated drops , and that the clip would then spin on the case . I never had any other problems . The new one is ALL problems . My biggest one is that it does n't quite lock -LRB- the case continues to slide away when suspended -RRB- , and that the first couple of feet of the blade become illegible after a few uses . Ditto all of the complaints others have left . Stanley PLEASE bring back the `` OLD '' LeverLock .
 Stanley listen to me . Go back to your old tape . The lock is weak . The spring is weak . The button on the back works only sometimes . The outline is fatter . Please bring back the old neon ones . They were the best .
 The Stanley leverlock shown in the picture is not what you are going to get . What is shipped is the `` new '' model , which does not work as well and is not as reliable as the `` old '' model .
 I 'm a pro carpenter and wanted to replace a Stanley hammer I lost . This is n't it . Terrible casting of the head , completely out of balance and generally looks like something out of the worst sweat shops in china , with varnish slathered all over it . I have gone and still go to Stanley when I want reliable tools at reasonable prices -LRB- like tape measures -RRB- , but this is a product Stanley should abandon or fix .
 Stanley 60-060 6-Piece Standard Fluted Screwdriver SetWorth the $ 3 ... Poor quality metal will not stand up and last long . The wall mount is useless .
 I bought this soldering station one year ago . I used for 5 min . Today I turned on this soldering station.After 2 sec its dead.Its worked only 5 min and 2 sec.Possible internal power supply is dead .
 I really like other Fat Max tools ; tapes , chisels etc. , so I thought after loosing my Irwin chalk box , I 'd try the Stanley.It 's a piece of junk . The locking mechanism is terrible , the crank is sticky , and it makes an obnoxious creaking noise . The Irwin is far superior and costs less . I 'm going to try a Tajima next .
 I got this line because it came with the String level , which I have yet to use . I 'd recomend a cheaper string line , this one reels in quickly , but it 's not that big on an advantage , I find it difficult to get the handle out to reel in the line , and it does n't lock very well.It does the job but so to many less expencive chalk lines .
 I did n't even get past the test stage before I found out how bad these are . Wish i 'd read the reviews here first.I bought it yesterday , filled it today and thought I 'd give it a quick test . I pulled the cord out to its extent and began reeling it in . I got about 3/4 of the way when the line started to bind . I thought it was the chalk interefering . Well , one more try - pull it back out and start over . Once it started binding again I tried to push through it . I stopped when I thought I 'd snap off the handle . When I tried to pull it out again , it would n't . I unscrewed the cap and found it was binding in the foam . Apparently the foam rubbed on the line and caused a ball of fuzz to form ahead of the line that then caused pressure on the line . This then stripped the first few cords off the line , rendering it useless . Strange but true . I 'll be looking elsewhere .
 This chalk line can be summed up in one word
 I bought one of these last year , and when I went to use it , it is terrible . When you pull the line out , chalk goes all over the place , and it is a big , fat , fuzzy string that leaves a big , fat , fuzzy line . totally worthless .
 Never worked , right out of thr box . Do n't buy this worthless piece of junk
 The palm is padded , but the trims which are not padded get ripped very easily . Better to take craftman 's mechanic gloves and cut the tips off . However , for seven dollars I bought a few , but expecting to last not very long.Overall , these are not very durable but for the cheap price , they still make a good addition as work gloves .
 Nice idea but unlike the majority of Fiskars products , this one literally does n't make the cut . Have owned for about a year but only use occassionally - typically for small branches . When doing some trimming yesterday the blade snapped right in half about an inch from the base of the blade - ie , the larger part of the blade . Quality simply is n't there and is not up to par with other Fiskar products . Very good for small branches - do n't rely on it for thicker ones .
 i primarily bght this based on the reviews . where were they coming from i ask after seeing this cheap , flimsy , overpriced excuse for a saw . the one for ten bucks at harbor freight would be the better buy , i shoulda stuck with that.this has a very light plastic handle with a screw knob to tighten the extended blade . the blade will not extend with the belt clip in . a rather foolish design element , not to mention the belt attachment easily comes off the knife ... and there would go the saw , lost in the woods.i feel rather ripped off in quality and price -LRB- having paid 12.10 -RRB- . imagine how bad you would feel at paying more . this thing at best is worth only ten bucks , and that is iffy . small priced things as this is not worth sending back , but i would never have bought this had i actually seen and held it.addendum ; would lower to a one star if possible ; 1 . the blade soon becomes dull . hard work then to even cut thru a 2inch oak branch .2 . the screw does not hold the blade when cutting ; i have had the blade slip back inside the housing ... and yes , i tightened the screw pretty good .3 . the blade will bend and flex , to the point when today cutting some manzanita the blade flexed and snapped , loosing about 3/4 '' of the blade tip .4 . the belt clip is more a gimmick than of any real use .
 Guess what -- I just dealt with Fiskars for their folding saw . Turns out that lifetime does not mean lifetime on everything . What 's the most important part of a folding saw -- the ability to actually cut . Well , you see , Fiskars does not feel that their cutting edge should be covered by a lifetime warrantee . When you hear such things , you suddenly take note of lots of other competitive alternatives .
 The design is good but quality of workmanship is lower than the ones made in Finland . Should be good for a few runs . Fiskars should make more in Finland even at higher retail price.Edit
 Just received my new 7947 , replacing an old trusty rusty 7947 which has served me longer than I can remember . I was immediately crestfallen upon opening the package to read
 I killed these gloves in little under a month . To be fair I wore them a lot and was doing lots of brushing with them . They may be ok for construction , but I would n't buy them again .
 Several years ago , I bought my husband a pair of Youngstown 's General Utility Plus gloves , which he used and abused doing everything from yardwork to HVAC to car repairs to construction . He loved those gloves , but they were getting ratty . I got him the Pro XT , thinking from the description and price that these were an upgrade . They literally fell apart within a month , and he 's back in his same old Youngstowns .
 I work with my hands and require TOUGH gloves.These do n't make the grade.These are way overpriced for how long they last.I believed the hype of the item description and bought multiple pairs , thinking they would last me a long time.Kevlar stitching ! Triple padded palm ! Yadda , yadda , yadda.They lasted three days before the threads began to slowly wear away.THREE days!They were completely gone on several fingers , especially the thumbs within two weeks.Without the stitches , the gloves slowly start to come apart , finger by finger.There is not enough stitching in other areas , also.The velcro strap at the wrist was nearly off on the left glove within the first week.They also make your hands stink!There is almost no ventilation in these gloves and your hands get hot and sweaty!If I throw them in a washer on top of the normal wear , they will disintegrate that much faster.I used them for 4 weeks and by that time there are loose flaps of material on nearly every finger , and the first hole had appeared.A crappy pair of ordinary leather work gloves will last nearly as long , and they are much cheaper.For 4 times that price of a cheap pair of gloves , I expect 4 times the durability.Does no one make a TRULY long lasting glove any more ?
 This product was listed on your web site as linked to the Triton router I bought . It is n't . It only fits the bigger Triton router and I found this out only after trying to make it work for two hours . Finally , I called the Triton service department only to be told that they had advised Amazon of the Amazon error several times . They kindly sent me the correct templates FOR FREE . Amazon , clean up your act .
 I brought this sharpener and I recently sharpened my Cold Steel Trail Boss with it and it takes like 20 minutes to sharpen it , it wears my arm down after a couple of minutes , and the sharpener is already wearing down ! I 'm planning next week to get the Fiskars Hatchet , the Fiskars Splitting Axe , and I 'm also planning to get a Granfors Bruks Sharpener to replace this one.P.S . The reason I gave this sharpener 2 stars instead of 1 is because at least it made the axe sharp again .
 This Fiskars Axe or Knife sharpener is a lame product . Not very accurate or true to sharpening an edge on a knife or axe . Not sure how it passes as a sharpener ????
 This sharpens my hatchet just fine , but I have a small `` boy 's axe '' about the size of a `` camp axe '' . The axe blade is too wide to fit into the sharpener . It 's great for knives and hatchets , but any kind of axe ... not so much !
 This product is not an axe sharpener . My axe blade only fits halfway into the `` V '' groove , which is too narrow and does not allow the blade to contact the sharpening stones . This product is obviously made to sharpen knives , but not axes.It you are looking for an axe sharpener , keep on looking because this product is not for you .
 Flimsy . Could not get an edge on my new machete using this . Barley got an edge on my hand axe . Could not get an edge on my Shrade Hunting knife . Cheap , lightweight , poor excuse for a sharpened . Price is much too high for what you get
 This item was surprisingly cheesy and wimpy , it sharpens nothing , waste of money it would be categorized the same as a child s toy . Not usual for a Fiskars product .
 Was n't able to sharpen my axe or any of my knives . Several different attempts and trials , all with no avail . Useless to me . Out to the goodwill it goes .
 POS . the entire thing besides the puny little sharpening wheel is flimsy plastic . will dull youre knife . i regret buying this
 This sounded like a good thing , but it just falls apart . I was sharpening a cutlass , but it 's now in the garbage . It might work for knives , but nothing heavier .
 dont waste your time or money still looking for a great sharpener . Now trying the sog but not sure of that either
 Cheap Plastic . Do n't bother . Why sellers stake their reputation on such garbage , I do n't know . If you need to sharpen a working tool buy another product .
 I thought it would sharpen . I will not buy this product again , I bought it cause of the ax and hatchet would need sharpening , but it is not worth what I paid .
 This sharpener is more frustrating than helpful . It worked okay on my kitchen knives but when I tried to sharpen my machete , no go . My regular pocket knives ended up being bill instead of sharpened , not worth my time or money . I bought sharpening stones after this and everything is now sharp ... I would say go for sharpening stones .
 I bought this to use with an axe that I dulled chopping roots.There are a number of problems with this product . Firstly , it 's too lightweight , so it does n't feel very stable . Secondly , the opening for the axe blade is too narrow , I imagine a lot of axes simply would n't fit . And thirdly , it does n't seem to do much . There is no feeling of positive contact between the abrasive and the edge of the axe . It just seems to roll back and forth without sharpening anything.Perhaps it would be OK for touching up a blade that is already sharpened , but for my dull axe , it is n't helping .
 The sharpener is only good for knifes . Although it gets 5 stars as a knife sharpener , it do n't get any stars for axe sharpening . The reason is the plastic notch is too narrow for an axe blade to slide through . Too bad I purchased this for my axe : -LRB-
 I got it to use on an estwing axe , and it doesnt work very well . I ended up using a file and stone .
 This sharpener just does n't work . I tried to sharpen my smith and wesson knife with it and it does n't do a thing . I actually think my knives are getting more dull ! Total crap and a waste of money . I seriously wonder if this is a dud or came out of the factory wrong .
 JUNK . Good concept , poor performance . Barely sharpens hunting knife and takes forever to just notice a difference in the blade . Do n't even try to do an ax blade -LRB- like it claims you can -RRB- ... you will look like a fool fumbling with this little inferior piece of crap for hours . Perhaps it would work great on a little pocket knife ... but a good rock would probably do just as well .
 For the life of me , I could not figure out how to use this thing . I do a better job sharpening my knives and axes with a bastard file followed by a whetstone . I just dragged the blade of my axe through this thing over and over , and nothing happened .
 I purchased this sharpener along with a Fiskars Brush Axe . The Brush Axe arrived without a sharp edge and this sharpener wiped out its two sharpening stones in about 10 seconds of attempted use . Needless to say , I was left with the dull sensation that I 'd been taken and I would not buy this sharpener again . FWIW , a ten-dollar , old-style , safety sharpener worked like a charm to sharpen up my new Fiskars Brush Axe .
 I have purchased a few sharpeners over the years . This is by far the worse one . The plastic case it is made of gets cut up real fast the first time used . The rolling sharpening wheel does not sharpen . If anything , it dulls your blade as the blade rolls on it . Junk , junk , junk , junk and junk . Very unhappy .
 I bought this thinking I could save some time and sharpen my knives and axes `` the easy way '' . Lesson learned that there are no shortcuts . The sharpener put a slight edge on my pocket knife , but did very little for my estwing camping axe . It is a fairly cheap plastic case with ceramic wheel inside . It was not expensive however neither is a wet stone . There is no substitute for learning to sharpen your knives/tools with an old fashion wet stone . I generally do not rate items , but feel compelled to say that I would not recommend this .
 It says it 's an ax as well as knife sharpener . Well , I have a machete , and what would fall more within that category of blades than a machete ... you might call my machete a cross between and ax and a knife . So , with almost no instructions -LRB- just one line on the box to tell you to roll the item back and forth in the groove ... with no mention of downward pressure , speed , starting from one particular side of the sharpener , tilting of the blade ... absolutely NOTHING that could help you have a better result -RRB- , I took my dull machete , and followed the only instruction I was given . And , the result was a MORE DULL blade than what I started with . So , after repeated attempts , I figured `` Why not ? '' ... and tried variations in all the parameters I listed above -LRB- pressure , etc. -RRB- . Still ... just a dull , rounded machete blade ! Maybe mine was a lemom , but as usual , for $ 10 , it is n't worth taking the time to send it back . I 'll go to a knife/scissors sharpening place in town , and for around $ 2 , I 'll likely get -LRB- at least -RRB- considerably closer to the ` blade sharpness ' I was hoping to get . I 'd give this item a `` 0 '' if I could .
 I take a lot of time reading reviews when ordering things on Amazon as you just never know if someones just ` trolling ' or if theyre honest . I got this sharpener based on the majority of reviews being 5 stars . It came relatively quicky but I didnt expect what I got . I expected for it to at the very least , have all its parts . I didnt even get that . The finger protector wasnt on it , wasnt in the box , wasnt anywhere !!! Ok , manageable , but a bit irritating . But it doesnt sharpen as quickly as everyone else on here said or as well.This sharpener looks like it couldve come from the dollar store , or as a quick buy from a gas station ... . definitely not worth the 9 bucks I spent , plus the shipping and handling fee . Very sad day . I was really excited about geting this to sharpen my knives and tomahawks , but if it cant even sharpen a pocket knife effectively then there is no way , in the name of all things fluffy , that this junk is going to do that.Saying it is for axes is really reaching and I feel like this seller is misleading the people who view this item .
 The plastic handle , the elongated piece you hold onto , broke with very little use . I was not impressed with this .
 Bought an axe from Amazon at the same time I bought the sharpner . Went to sharpen my axe with the brand new handy , dandy axe sharpner , but my axe wo n't fit in it . Since it 's been over 30 days , I guess I got a new knife sharper . : -LRB-
 Was not worth the money . Blade bent for apparently no real good reason . I pushed the lawn tractor out of the way to make sure I did not hit anything which I did not . There was no evidence of any impact to the blade itself . I was mowing in a bit of a sandy area and apparently the sand heated the blade and it simply bent downward and plowed into the ground . I have never had a blade do that . So do n't waste your money like I did .
 I own a few Petzl headlamps and am a hiking director for a summer camp in Maine . My Myolite started to falter after its second season of use , and then would not turn on properly . I returned it last month to be repaired . The customer service said the wire inside the unit was not connected correctly and Petzl could not fix it . They said they could dispose the unit or send it back unrepaired . Petzl did not stand by this headlamp which cost more than $ 50 . I have many headlamps and many that are less expensive that continue to work after years of use . Never buy a Petzl with a turning headlamp and beware of their repair policy .
 I used these gloves for a few hours of bouldering . The stitching is poorly done and they fell apart at the seams and the fabric dissolved from the exposed edges . I was highly disappointed .
 These gloves seem nice and fit perfectly but after using them for 7 days , three fingers had torn on the side rendering them useless . I 'm not sure of the definition of `` general utility '' gloves but I used them for simple and basic use . I will say , I was carrying lumber and pipe at times but not extended use . I have gloves purchased in a 10 pack , and cheap , that last longer then these . I had no issues with them when I was painting though so I guess that might be the extent of their use . I hate giving a low rating but I feel $ 16 for a pair of gloves that last 7 days warrants the rating . Do not take this review as a knock on Youngstown gloves as I will make another purchase of Youngstown but kick it up to a heavy duty glove .
 I am a landscaper who purchased these gloves with the intention of using them daily at work . The first time I wore them was during a saturday of work around my house . After a few hours of moving some stone for a wall I am building and raking some leaves , I noticed two tears along the seams on both middle fingers . The seam along my left index finger was also beginning to tear . I may have been putting some serious stress on the gloves as I was moving some of the larger pieces of stone but was surprised to see them ripping so soon . Very expensive throw away gloves , would n't recommend buying if you will be doing and hard work .
 Gloves kept hands dry due to sweat absorbing material , though after only 1 week of use , they began to smell . The stitching on the cradle was not very sturdy and after only two weeks of heavy use the stitching began to com out , resulting in a dime size hole . These gloves are not for heavy continuous use .
 stitching all came apart along the sides of fingers . not worth the price at all . I work outdoors and handle wood , rocks , dirt and the like I 've use cheaper and better built gloves before this pair
 the gloves were very useful for about a month then they slowly ripped at the fingers and just constantly got worse from there , all i was doing was planting flowers and placing mulch .
 I bought this gloves for a variety of work , but most of the time they are using for building performance stages . We are handling metal , wood and various rusty bolts . These gloves provide a good amount of dexterity and I like the neoprene feel . After about 7 months of moderate on and off use a noticed a hole in one of the fingers after I washed them . I followed all the instructions such as air drying them . Normally I would n't wash gloves , but they started to smell really bad from sweat . I gave Youngstown a call and told me 7 months is a bit past warranty , but would replace them anyway.Now 4-5 months later with my replacement pair I have discovered a hole developing in another one of the fingers ... again . I did n't even wash them this time . I believe I was simply putting a bolt on a screw when I noticed the rip . Nothing that is too strenuous to the glove . That said I probably wo n't be ordering anymore Youngstown gloves anymore . I like these gloves , but they just seem to rip or wear too easily . Even before the rip I noticed the stitching in the glove was starting to fray and I had n't even used them that long !
 If you are doing any kind of hard work these gloves will wear out in less than one week .
 When I got these about two weeks ago I was impressed . They fit good and looked very tough . They are comfortable and the velcro strip keeps them on . I do a lot of outdoor work and was going through a pair of leather gloves about once a month so I thought I 'd pay a little more and get something to last longer . Big Mistake ! After only wearing these for about two weeks , and not a particularly hard two weeks at that , I notice they are already coming apart at the seam on one finger . There is so much stitching on these gloves it was inevitable that one would fail but I hoped not this soon . I would not waste my money on these again .
 That you see in the picture is not what is in the description . When I contacted them reguarding this they disagreed with me and said I could return them providing I paid shipping . Why should I pay for shipping for a product that was misrepresented . I 'm in the construction trade and buy about 20 pairs of these gloves a year and the gloves pictures are CLC Custom Leather Craft Tradesman Gloves not Youngstown General Utility Glove . The CLC glove is far superior and lasts about twice as long .
 Very poorly sewn in the fingers - there was a large split right out of the box . As mine was an International Order and it is too expensive to send back for a refund or replacement . Cheap , but you have to take your chances . Get the De Walts or the Youngstown Kelvar instead .
 I had a pair of these box handler gloves . They are designed to give you grip on slippery surfaces such as box sides . These started to delaminate and shred after maybe a dozen occasions . For the money that 's pretty bad . I would suggest you buy something like theseGlovePro Black Magic Glovesas their price is more in line with short term disposable . I love the concept , just not the execution by Youngstown .
 Product lasted me about two concrete countertops before the trigger button stuck . Then every time I used it you would have to tap it on the ground to get it to work and then it felt like it was on a very high rpm rate that sent all of my cement material flying across the room out of the mold . Bottom line this product is built more poorly then even a harbor freight item .
 I give this tool one tar because it simply did not function at all.I bought this in person at Northern Tool . For the price , it looked like it was well put together . After reading the instructions and turning it on once , I put it aside to try it out the next day . The following morning , as I was getting set up to pour some piers , and was ready to use it for the first time , I plugged it into the extension cord , pulled the trigger , and ... Nothing . I thought there must be something wrong with the extension cord , so I quickly checked another , but still nothing.Fortunately , I have an 18V Makita cordless vibrator to fall back on and it came though . I returned it the next day to Northern Tool with no problems . Just a reminder for myself when buying a tool , to get the best one for the job , even if expensive -- `` Buy Once , Cry Once '' . Apparent Quality `` Fit & Finish ''
 While around $ 5 for a tape measure seems like a good deal , this product is cheaply made . I purchased this one to replace another whose tape came completely detached . There is no way to open the product to re-attach the tape , so purchasing another one was the only option . Hopefully the new one does not come apart like the other . Inexpensive but cheaply made .
 I purchased a pair of these gloves to use while using the mower and string trimmer . I * CAN NOT * recommend them as anti-vibration gloves , because I am unsure about how well they dampen vibration . I * thought * they were effective but still had problems after 20 minute sessions using a small Stihl gas string trimmer -LRB- the Stihl has a vibe-damping engine mount but that does n't damp the effects completely -RRB- . I have fairly horrible nerve problems so for my use the AVXTs are probably not sufficiently vibration-damping for my use - nor for others with carpal tunnel or other symptoms of neuropathy in the arms and hands . With a cheapo-consumer-big-box store Ryobi string trimmer , the vibration with these gloves on was bone-jarring after only about 30 seconds and I could still feel the effects of the Ryobi HOURS later and had trouble getting to sleep . I did not expect miracles , but i expected better , given the description in the listing and the sales pitch video.One other odd -LRB- and perhaps ironic -RRB- thing ... there is a warning tag inside with safety statements that ends with ... `` DO NOT USE while operating power machinery . '' I did not even notice this tag until today , when I ordered an ANSI S3 .40 / ISO 10819-1996 / EN420 Certified heavy duty anti vibration glove from another company , and was checking what size glove I wear . I can only surmise that this warning tag was forced by the AVXT sellers ' legal department to avoid legal action in the event a user suffers an RSI while wearing them . Whatever the reason for it , seeing this tag on gloves advertised and made for use with vibrating power tools was a `` WTH ??? '' moment.I * CAN * recommend these gloves for general outdoor work -LRB- only not for high-vibration-tool-handling work -RRB- as the padding does offer comfort when raking , using shovels , etc. . They also wash nicely and are breathable as advertised , and the wrist wrap is pretty good support , and the gloves are structured so that you do have great manual dexterity when wearing them .
 I wanted to cut vibration caused by my DeWalt five inch rotary sander . These gloves did not help so I returned them . Still looking
 I ordered these gloves only to use w/my weedeater as the vibration from the machine was causing my hand on the throttle and my elbow on the same arm to go numb after about 15-20 minutes . Thought that these would cure that . Not so.The gloves only seemed to make the condition worse . While the vibration to the elbow seemed to be better , the vibration to my hand seemed much worse as the hand will go completely numb after only about 15 min . Maybe that 's the way they 're designed -LRB- to keep the vibration localized -RRB- and if that 's the case , it may be a good product - just not for me .
 These gloves feel good and work well but lasted me about 2 weeks before a seem popped in between the thumb and fore finger.I work for fedex and use them for handling packages and driving . C'mon they should last way longer than 2 weeks.The smith and wesson shooting gloves I have used in the past are much better . I wanted to try these because the pinky and ring fingers are full length and I only need the other 3 exposed to handle my scanning pad and paperwork.Disappointed because they are supposedly designed for carpenter 's ? Waste of money unless you are only going to model them.The YOUNGSTOWN KEVLAR gloves are much better but do n't come in this open finger format.Also they make your hands sweat more that other materials I 've used and make your hands stinky .
 The gloves worked great for about 2 days then started to rip at the seams on the fingers.Not worth the hassle of ordering online plus shipping rates.Would rather go to home center and find regular ones.Would not recommend to others .
 I got a pair of gloves that fit me fine for the most part , but the thumb is huge , both too long and far too broad . Very inconvenient
 I ordered the gloves , the title states gray . I got black . How about shipping what you say your selling ? I would give them zero stars if I could .
 Take a good look at the box they show you as what you think you 're buying -- because you wo n't see a box when it gets to you . Instead , you 'll get a 5yd strip of Dual Lock in such a tight rolled that permanent crimps have formed . Forget having those sections lay flat on anything.Add to that the backing coming off in several places , so that the sticky part has been exposed to dust and air.Add to THAT the whole thing being crammed into the smallest possible shipping envelope.I 've been buying Dual Lock for years . I 've always bought it in the box , and have never had a problem until now.Major disappointment . Caveat emptor .
 Pros
 This product has been updated with a 3 W Luxeon recently . The brightness difference with the 3 W is astounding . 1 W will show the path in front of you , while the 3 W will light the path in front and around . The downside is no focusing of the light . Also , the price that this is offered at is high , but this may be because the light uses an expensive li-ion battery . Look for versions that use the standard AAA and AA batteries that are less expensive and easier to purchase . Take a look at your local Sears for the 1 and 3 watt versions . Target may also have both versions as I bought my 1 Watt from Target .
 About a year ago , I bought 3 small Dorcy flashlights . One was the CR123
 Just received and installed this post kit . The quality is abysmal . The finish on the metal is uneven and rough -LRB- literally globbed on -RRB- . The screw-in portion of the post worked well , although we ended up having to dig a hole because of stones in the ground . When it came to attaching the mailbox to the top , the instructions are incomprehensible . After attaching the bracket halves to the mailbox , you are instructed to `` Next mount bracket halves to post with bolts provided -LRB- 2-1/2 '' -RRB- -LRB- Note
 Search high and low before buying this seemingly high quality indoor , gravity-based , no-screw-needed bike wall-rack for my limited-space condo . Made a mistake for not set it up before the return window . Now I ca n't return it for refund . The vertical construction is of thick tubing and anti-scratch surface treatment that draw me to buy it in the first place . but the bike hooks left so much to be desired . In its single-most fault , it is ONLY for horizontal beam bikes -LRB- male -RRB- . If you have the female or child bikes with slanted body beam , you 're screwed . The weight of the bike will damage and bent the horizontal hook on one placement . I adjusted different positions trying to make it work but it wo n't . It simply does not work with slanted body-frame bikes . After the discovery , I checked out other wall racks again and noticed many others feature separate left/right hooks that can adjust heights to accommodate slanted body-frame , and they cost half the price of this one by Saris . I 'm deeply disappointed . In Saris 's product photo , both bikes are horizontal beam bikes . If you have a slanted body-frame bike , this is not for you . Stay away . I hope very much that I can get this purchase refunded . If Saris is able to offer me refund -LRB- even partial -RRB- , I will remove this negative review .
 extremely low quality even from chinamotor run too hotvery very rough and unevenpoor workmanship thru and thruspend the 3x more and get a name you can trust
 This Grinder arrived in an inoperable state . So I am unable to speak of the machines capabilities.Northerns ' Customer Service has been quite quick to respond with the information I needed to return this item .
 Unfortunately this did not live up to expectations . It would not form a good seal . A plumber was called to ` get the job done ' . I do not recommend this product .
 This product does not work at all ! Please do not waste your money or your time !
 I purchased this product and when I did have a clog , it did not work at all . Just made the mess even bigger . Finally got the clog cleared with a $ 1.00 standard plunger from Dollar Tree . The Jet Plunger was and is a total waste !
 I do n't use the metal rib , the wooden rib , or the sponge at all . The large trimming tool corroded at the collar the very first time it got wet . The cutting wire is OK , but thin and crimps easily . The needle tool is the one thing in the bunch that does n't fit with the rest - it appears to be 100 % stainless steel . I doubt I 'll ever need to replace it . The long trimming tool -LRB- I use it to trim around the foot -RRB- molded when it was put away damp for a few hours . Neither that nor the wooden rib have any finish or polish . They 're just raw , cheap wood . Wo n't hold up to actual use for too long - the rib is highly likely to split.Spend a little more for a better set of beginners tools!EDIT
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 This product came to me with the package opened . I thought it was new . It worked about 5 minutes in my electric fence charger , then quit working . I am not happy with my purchase .
 It is hard to rate what this lamp would have looked like if it had arrived whole . I opened the package to find uncountable shards of glass and no packing material -LRB- bubble wrap , peanuts , or crushed paper -RRB- in the box at all . The components had just been tossed in a large box and sealed up . This is my first instance of poor packing at Amazon and I am awaiting a refund , but I wo n't reorder .
 What a waste of money , The only speed that works is `` MAX '' every other speed is so slow the fan does n't move any air ! The Speed Control is rated for 1.5 A and the fan I have is brand new and only draws 1A . It works just fine on `` MAX '' but when you put it on `` HI '' the fan moves as fast as a carousel , I went to the hardware store and found a new speed control from a different brand , It costs more and had the same amp rating with one big difference , IT WORKED . I guess you get what you pay for , even though $ 20 is already a lot for a fan switch ...
 knob is too hard and stiff and difficult to turnalso if you go straight to medium setting it doesnt work - you have to first go to max and then dial downalso it interferes with other radiofrequency electronics such as dimmer cabinet lights in the room next door
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Years ago , I bought this product from a paint store-It was exactly the item pictured online . The Item I received , however had a much narrower blade . While this makes it lighter and easier to use , it does not allow for much material to be loaded onto the blade . The biggest problem though is , it is not the product that is advertised.Wal-board Wood Handle Blue Steel Taping Knife 24 ''
 This is a cheap product . When I received it I found the screw collar around the central spigot loose . I removed it to investigate and found a plastic clip has already broken . I have n't connected it up yet so I do n't know if it will still work - I suspect not.I have just started seeking a replacement part ... I would not buy this again . Instead , a metal faucet is well worth the money !
 I was quite happy with these bits until the smallest straight bit broke off after cutting only a few mortises . Being the smallest of the lot , I might not be too surprised , especially when the same Freud bit costs $ 18 and this 15-piece set is only $ 40 . Hopefully the others are sturdier and will stand up to the small amount of use they see . In the future I plan on buying better quality , but these may suffice for someone who does n't expect much and wo n't be using them regularly .
 ordered this in September and finally used it December 1 and after about a 2 minute runthe guidance bearing on the end of one of the bits feel apart ... i have only used one bit ... donthave much faith as to how the others will work .
 The price is great , but the bits were too dull . I cleaned up and tested the 3/4 straight edge and then the 3/8 straight edge with the same results . On a fir 2x4 it was impossible to make a cut and not have large burn marks . Slower or faster , 3/16 deap cuts , etc. didnt make much difference . A Freud 0.5 x2CL straight edge bit from HD for $ 22 cut the same wood with the same router with no problems . Others seem happy with this bit kit , so maybe I got an infrequent duller set .
 The 1/4 straight bit broke off about 3 inches into a 1/4 deep rabbet in very soft pine THE FIRST TIME I USED IT . I have n't used the others yet , but I am not impressed so far . I used a dull Porter Cable bit I 've had for years to complete my project , which included 1/4 depth rabbets in walnut . I was told by a saw blade guy that the bits sold in this kind of moderately-priced sets tend to be inferior quality , and he 'd never heard of MLCS anyway . I thought he was just saying that because he did n't carry them . I 'd have been really annoyed if I 'd been using a bit from this set I did n't already have a backup for . I 'm going to stick to Whiteside or Porter Cable bits .
 These so called `` carbide tipped '' router bits are no sharper than my old used steel bits . I tested the 3/4 '' straight bit and it left an unclean ragged channel . I tested the rabbeting bit and it had the same problem -LRB- unclean , and for some reason pulled itself downward out of my routers collet making a downward drifting channel in the edge of the wood , and not a true rabbet . I tried a Diablo 3/4 '' straight bit and it cut a clean slot in the wood , Do n't buy this set unless you enjoy a lot of sanding or other clean up work later .
 I was given this set as a gift . I do quite a bit of work with red oak . I ran a piece of scrap stock with the 1/4 '' bit just to test it out . 2 inches into the piece , the bit literally shattered . Now I have had that happen once in a blue moon with name brand , worn down bits after several passes , but not on the first pass . I tried the 1/2 '' bit next and it made it through a 16 '' length of oak . OK , so the 1/4 '' bit was defective . I ran the same board through the same groove raising the bit 1/16 '' . Midway through , the bit broke in half sending it ricocheting around the router table . I tested 2 or 3 more bits and none of them worked even somewhat satisfactorily . The blades are dull to begin with and burned up running them through some pine boards . Needless to say I tossed the entire set in the trash . I have been doing woodworking for nearly twenty years and have never had bits behave like these . Just for safety sake , these things should be taken off Amazon .
 These router bits are not for the serious woodworker . They are cheap , but are not high quality . I just broke one of the bits on first use . You get what you pay for and in this case you do n't pay much but you do n't get much .
 This kit can be purchased from the place that these people most likely get them from and they probably pay about $ 5 for them . Do a search on Google and you can find them way cheaper .
 Besides the bulk , this bulb lasted less than 3 months . Sometimes it was nearly impossible to discern the difference between the two brightest settings , neither bright enough to read from . Would only consider again if I needed a low wattage bulb for a timer , but since it only lasted a few weeks , I consider it to be unreliable even for that purpose .
 This bulb is sort of too big at the base to fit into my torchiere without taking the whole torchiere shade off . Also , it occasionally flickers . The 3 way feature does work though , but it may not be bright enough for some people . I hope to buy a better 3 way some other time .
 I invested in this bulb to reduce our home energy usage , but we had the same experience as other reviewers - * very * short life . We did not try to use a dimmer with this bulb and the lamp this bulb was installed in does not restrict air flow , but the bulb only lasted a few months . It was a complete waste of money.Don ' t be fooled into thinking this bulb will save you money !
 I purchased two of them , and have experienced the same problems as other reviewers - the base is too wide to fix into existing 3-way fixtures that accept std . 3-way bulbs in many cases -LRB- check your lamp before purchasing ; if there is not plenty of clearance , do n't purchase -RRB- , and second , and more important , one of the bulbs lasted only a week -LRB- a 50 % failure rate -RRB- . The filament would glow , but not light , the bulb ; then finally the filament would not glow either.The bulbs are WAY too expensive for such short life , but too inexpensive to really justify sending back for warranty -LRB- esp . if I have to cover postage -RRB- - keep your receipt and be ready for warranty problems . Because of the wide base -LRB- who designed this thing ? Wo n't fit in a std 3-way lamp -RRB- , and the hit or miss product reliability and quality , I 'd recommend trying another manufacturer first -LRB- not Sylvania -RRB- . I do n't have problems with Sylvania 's other products .
 All the CFLs I 've tried have had a lifespan no longer than , and sometimes shorter than , an equivalent incandescant bulb . That 's particularly true of this Sylvania 3-way bulb which had a lifespan of about a year . I 'm definitely not buying any more 3-way CFLs , and am considering going back to standard light bulbs across the board . They are just not living up to the promise of longer life , which is particularly a problem since they have to be recycled as hazardous waste .
 I bought a 3-pack of these 3-way CF lamps at BJ 's Wholesale Club . Installed all three on the same evening in high quality open shade fixtures . One of the three lamps very soon started flickering , made a slight clunking noise and stopped working after less than 10 minutes total use . When removing it I noticed a rattle in the lamps 's ballast compartment - something had apparently melted loose . I returned all three CF lamps to BJ 's and brought home a new 3-pack of the same model lamp . One lamp from the newer pack now fails to light after only 4 days of infrequent use -LRB- but it does n't rattle -RRB- . These lamps are almost too large to fit in standard size harps , in my case requiring the harp to be temporarily removed to install or remove the CF lamp . A standard harp will just clear the top of the lamp with the lamp fully turned into its socket . It was somewhat difficult to reinstall the harp with the lamp already in place , I had to be careful to not damage the lamp while maneuvering the harp around it .
 I really liked these bulbs -- while they lasted . We probably owned them for about a year before both bulbs failed . And they were in bedside lamps , so we only used them an hour or two per day.The first one has been flickering for months at the highest setting . And recently , the second one just quit
 Bulb lasted less than 2 weeks before not coming on at all ! At the price , it 's OUTRAGEOUS and now , I have to `` properly '' dispose of it since it has mercury!I will never buy another SYLVANIA CFL BULB !
 Do n't buy this one . It 'll cost you over $ 10 and last you a few months . Not a GREEN solution if you ask me . Buy a standard 3-way bulb - it 'll save you money and you 'll have less impact on the environment by not throwing as many away .
 Like most of my experience so far with florescent lamp bulbs , the life span is too short to make up the extra cost compared to an incandescent bulb . This one lasted a few months , but but more importantly , I received a small fraction of its ' advertised hours of life -LRB- 6000 -RRB- -- I got about 400 before it died . I read somewhere that you get better life out of fluorescent lamp bulbs if they are not cycled frequently , and let run longer -LRB- e.g. not good for a quick bathroom break -RRB- , but this particular lamp was cycle maybe 2 times per day , and usually left on for 1 hour minumum.I 'll continue to buy these types of bulbs , mainly for the reduced heat , but I wo n't be buying this one again .
 I bought a Sylvania 3-way 30-70-100 bulb , and the light is great . However it will not fit into a single table or floor lamp in my house - the base is too wide to close the harp . In the case of one of the table lamps the harp is too low - but that 's fixable by getting a taller harp .
 After I got these Sylvania CFL 's , I noticed that , every once in awhile , they would flicker a little . Especially when I 'd use the 2nd setting -LRB- 19 watts -RRB- or the 3rd setting -LRB- 28 watts -RRB- . I tended , though , to use the 1st setting -LRB- 12 watts -RRB- the vast majority of the time , so I did n't really think much of it . Did n't , that is , until one of them started flickering one night on the lowest setting . For the hell of it , I went to the next highest setting for awhile , then went back down to the lowest setting , thinking the flicker problem would go away . It really did n't . The next night , the problem came back and , soon afterwards , the bulb went totally dead ... in 1 1/2 years ??? Sylvania said the bulbs had a 5-year warranty !!! -LRB- Yeah , right !!! -RRB- I did n't think to save the receipt , so I 'm out about $ 30 -LRB- includes shipping costs -RRB- . I 'm shocked that so many people could be having problems with these bulbs . In my opinion , they 're not worth the money you 'd spend to get them . I ended up switching over to two GE 3-way CFL 's . Here 's the product link : GE 47448 12-Watt , 23-Watt , 29-Watt -LRB- 50/100/150 Watt equivalent -RRB- Energy Smart Spiral 3-Way 6 Year Life Light BulbIt has a higher rating , so I thought I 'd give them a try.BTW
 This bulb is made with more PLASTICS than a regular bulb . Manufacturing these plastics produces DIOXINS that float up into the atmosphere and , through wind currents , land at the polar regions of the earth , dumping toxins on the lands and life there . This bulb is made of MERCURY which can not be disposed of in the regular trash . It must be taken to a company that specifically handles the TOXIC materials . Instead of people disposing of these properly , the toxic bulbs end up in landfills , adding to the mercury toxicity of landfills and exposure of sanitation workers who do n't deserve to be exposed . According to energy star , it is said that this product reduces carbon emissions but , the energy source used in the energy star reports is electricity from COAL PLANTS ; nearly the most toxic energy source available . COAL PLANTS release HUGE amounts of carbon and MERCURY into the atmosphere ! Buy a regular light bulb . Purchase your power from solar and wind . Think holistically . Would you want to live with this light bulb in your back yard for the next 200-1000 years while it attempts to biodegrade ? Protect your home and your temple ; this earth and your body . Live clean brothers and sisters ! Make conscious , holistic consumer choices . Do n't let poorly thought out FADS guider your consumer choices ! It 's time for American consumers to realize the impact of where they lay down the buck ! Live long and prosper !! : -RRB-
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 did not honor price I bought it for . Bad customer servicehad no idea pricing was wrong and now they will not honorBeware customer service no help.from 1-800 Retail IndustriesHere is something from there site >> >> >> >> >> >> > 1-800 Retail Industries started out of an idea to provide one goal . Complete customer satisfaction We feel it is an honor to build your trust , and want you as a long-term customer . PLEASE DO N'T YOU BELIEVE IT ...
 poor customer service , , , Bewaretook my money got nothingsay they listed wrong price still should honor themBeware they will rip you off
 did not honor price I bought it for . Bad customer servicehad no idea pricing was wrong and now they will not honorBeware customer service no help.from 1-800 Retail IndustriesHere is something from there site >> >> >> >> >> >> > 1-800 Retail Industries started out of an idea to provide one goal . Complete customer satisfaction We feel it is an honor to build your trust , and want you as a long-term customer . PLEASE DO N'T YOU BELIEVE IT ...
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Would have been nice if they were clearer about that - in the description it said &#34; aluminum , brass finish . &#34; But I thought that meant you had your choice of aluminum OR brass finish . Then I read one of the reviews that said it was solid brass , with solid brass screws ... AND I BELIEVED THE REVIEWER ! I should know better . But you can believe me - this is most certainly NOT brass .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 We installed 6 of these in the white finish , INSIDE a beach house . All of the blades have begun rusting , throwing rust spots along the walls at blade height . There are no alternative blades available for this fan . Also , not only is the motor loud at high speed , the air pushed by the blades is minimal . I love the look ; extremely disappointed by the function
 I ordered two of these -- one was obviously used and it was replaced with a fan that did n't work . The other fan -LRB- after the electrician tried to install it -RRB- was missing something and did n't work . I returned both . The electrician said this was an old-style install -LRB- whatever that meant -RRB- and this fan also does not work on slanted ceilings . I 'm not impressed except for the fact that I could return them easily through Amazon and received full credit . Thank you for that !
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Not worth the money ... No way to clamp metal down to make bend . will not bend advertised thicknesses .
 This so called sheet metal brake is just a bunch of extruded aluminum forms welded together . It is not capable of bending anything as delivered .
 The problem with this type of sheet metal brake is buckling in the center section of the hold down bar , especially when bending heavier gauge metal . The result is that the bend in the middle of the sheet metal being bent is n't consistent with the angle of the firmly clamped down ends . While fairly easy to clamp down the ends of the hold down bar for making a bend there 's no way to reliably clamp down the center section without the clamp -LRB- s -RRB- getting in the way of metal that protrudes much more than a few inches -LRB- at most -RRB- from the front of the bender . Bending flanges and/or material extending out the front a few inches , etc. , might work out ok with center positioned clamps that have an extended throat section to them .
 I purchased this `` brake '' off of their ebay store . I figured it would at least work well for very thin gauge aluminum window flashing . NOPE ! No good . There is absolutely no way to properly clamp the sheet metal in place , and even if you try to rig it yourself with c-clamps , the middle of the bend is not right . There is also no way to accurately line up a full 48 '' sheet , because once you lay the sheet metal down on the brake , your reference point gets covered . You would actually have to etch your own reference markers into the sides of the brake before you could even attempt to use it . This is the cheapest excuse for a sheet metal brake that I have ever seen , and I am embarrassed that I was naive enough to buy it . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 this break is very awkward to use and does not fold anything heavier than roof flashing i was very disapointed
 The absolutely biggest piece of garbage I have ever ordered . Can not believe anybody actually sold this item with a straight face .
 Would have been nice if they were clearer about that - in the description it said &#34; aluminum , brass finish . &#34; But I thought that meant you had your choice of aluminum OR brass finish . Then I read one of the reviews that said it was solid brass , with solid brass screws ... AND I BELIEVED THE REVIEWER ! I should know better . But you can believe me - this is most certainly NOT brass .
 In the product picture , it showed the digital printer.That made this a good value . I bought and when the product arrived , no printer . I complained and they said I could return it for a refund . I ordered online because I do n't have time for all the shopping drama . Returning would require more of my time.Bottom line , this product three weeks later still shows the printer in the add and if you do n't see the fine print you will be ripped-off just like me .
 This impact arrived and was broken in two pieces and covered in oil.Had a nicely rusted set of four sockets too -LRB- did n't care , I have plenty of sockets -RRB- but the broken in two I was n't happy about . I gave this two stars because the seller quickly and easily sent a new gun.Even then performance was poor , very short battery life , ca n't even change one tire before needing four hour charge.Friend was there with a tiny little Dewalt 12v impact DRILL and it seemed stronger and finished the job .
 I bought this impact tool and was really impressed with the weight and apparent well built appearance . Well , I charged the batteryfor two days and put the tool in the case and in my truck . As luck would have it when I went down to the ranch the ranch truck hada flat tire . I jacked up the truck and pulled out my handy impact tool and PFFFFFFFFFT . The battery was DEAD . I mean the tool wouldnot even turn the socket if I held it . I charged the battery again , for two days , and PFFFFFFFFFFFTT . I have a supposedly good toolbut the battery wo n't hold a charge more than a couple of days and then PFFFFFFFTT . PFFFFFFFFT translated means & & ^ % $ $ & * & % $ # $ $ .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 You 're selling a tool holder , but you have a watch pictured ? People are going to be upset , if they buy the watch in the picture for $ 15 , and get a tool organizer . False advertising . Please change the picture . : -RRB-
 Not made in USA . Bought as a present with the presumption of made in USA , Ingersoll Rand , how disappointing for $ 3.00 s a socket .
 Originally , my bathroom did not have a hand shower . The shower head was sticking out above my head on an angled chrome pipe . I used an adapter to hook up this hose and a hand shower - a very common arrangement . In this arrangement , both ends of the hose are close together above one 's head , and the hose makes a loop that hangs along the bathroom wall . I prefer the loop of the hose to be flexible enough to hang freely and and not to curve inside the bathtub.This is not the case with this hose . It curves into the bathtub a little , and when I take a shower , I can sometimes touch it . I do not like touching the hose . I bought Whedon `` Metal-Stretch Shower Hose '' instead - and I am happy with it so far .
 I am on my third hose after two and a half years . The hose comes apart and pops off at the end where the hose meets the shower head . I have been very careful after the first replacement . It broke after one year anyway .
 The thought of having a so called quality `` Hansgrohe '' product that is defective after less than a month is truly a surprising and irritating experience . I would recommend to steer away clear off this product . It looks good , Yes , but far from being durable . Paying almost $ 40 for something that does not even last more than a month is a complete dissappointment - I feel cheated . The rubber end hose connecting to the handshower broke or was peeled off . It appeared the glue/adhesive wore off . By any means , this product should have not pass the QA at Hansgrohe . I 'm quite surprised that manufacturer released this defective product to the market . QUITE SHAMEFUL !
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 What you see in the picture is not even close to this product . The product you get is a tarp that is green on one side and silver on the other . If you Google &#34; space blanket tarp &#34; you will see what the product really looks like . The picture is very deceiving .
 the picture they had with this looked like it had a soft lining andnot a foil look at all . And now I cant find this kind on amazon .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 Do n't bother with this light . It is junk . I bought this light at Best Buy in February for $ 69 . My wife looked at me and told me I was crazy to spend that much on a flash light . I told her `` For $ 69 this will be the last light I will have to buy for years ! '' I should have listened to my wife . When I bought this light I followed the initial charging instuctions and the light worked perfect . I put it on the shelf in the closet until I needed it . Three months later in May , I grabbed my $ 69 light to see what was in the backyard . The battery was dead . OK , so I will just charge it . I put it on the charger for 2 days and it would not take a charge . So I figured a $ 69 flashlight must have a good warranty right ? I called and talked to Irwin in tech support who said my battery was probably dried out from lack of use and it would have to be replaced for $ 15 plus shipping . The battery of course is not warrantied . Since I had only used the light one time for $ 69 , I called Larry in customer service . He listened to my grip and told me there was nothing he could do and transfered me to Jerry , his supervisor . Jerry listened to my complaint and told me that it states in the manual that the battery must be charged once a month . I feel this is a bad design if you expect the customer to charge a flashlight once a month to protect there $ 69 investment . This is just not reality . Jerry felt it was the customer 's fault the battery failed . After having the light for only a few months , using it only once and being blamed for its failure I compelled to write this negative review . I can only hope someone else does not go through the same frustrations as I have gone through over a flashlight ! Vector warranties are a joke ! They obviously do n't stand behind their products . Remember there is no warranty on your $ 69 flashlight 's battery ! BUYER BEWARE !
 I have never written a bad review , but do n't want others to have to go thru what I did . The light never even took a charge - called the manufacturer , they said I had to take it in to an authorized service center , which is an hour away from me - this was after spending an hour on the phone , getting directed to the right person to tell me that . What a disappointment - but guess that 's why I got such a good price , should have known better .
 I bought this light a couple of months ago thinking it would be a good worklight for my furniture refinishing projects in the basement . When it arrived everything was in good condition . It was new in the packaging , with no evidence of bumps or dings , no evidence that it might be an old product . I opened it and read the directions for charging it and plugged it in . Nothing ever happened . I do n't know if the battery is old ... I do n't know if the wall charger is dead ... I just do n't know . Anyhow , by the time I discovered this I had passed the warranty period and decided it was just a badly spent $ 29 . I would suggest taking it out of the packaging immediately and charging it and not waiting . I still have n't tried to charge it in my car , so I have n't gotten rid of it , but I 'm a little bummed and have procrastinated even further . It sits on my living room floor , just waiting for it 's last chance . Wish me luck !
 Received this in a timely manner from Amazon . Sent it back in a timely manner . The battery would not take a charge . The light would work off the cigarette lighter plug but not from the battery.Amazon gave me credit with no hassle .
 I tried to charge this light on two occasions -LRB- 12 hrs & 16hrs -RRB- . DEAD ! Never did work . I just boxed it up to return !
 I gave this to a family member as a gift for Christmas . He was very excited to receive since it was to replace one that had worn out due to use . I have purchased many items from Amazon.com and felt the items have always been in good condition and worked when received . This worklight came in a sealed , bubble packaging and looked new . Once given , the receiver followed the directions to charge the unit and could not get it to hold a charge . Not sure beyond that what the problem was but I am now in the process of returning . A hassle . . Makes me rethink purchasing online .
 this is my first gold box purchase and the only good thing is the ability to return it the design the ability for the product to even work must have been planned at a party at the end of the party someone said lets put a clamp on it
 Ordinarily I would not write a review , particularly a negative one , on a product that arrived in a non-working state . Amazon makes returns easy , and it 's usually a simple matter to get any defective product replaced quite easily . As with so many other reviewers here , the battery on my unit failed to ever take a charge despite my following all instructions precisely . Sadly , this light 's failings are far beyond the minor inconvenience of being defective but cut to the heart of the light 's design . Even if the light had functioned perfectly , I would still have wanted to return it due to it 's breathtakingly poor and potentially dangerous design.The manufacturer 's product image pictures here at Amazon are misleading ... they supposedly portray the lamp mounted on the recharging base with the clamp attached and ready for use , and suggest to the buyer that it 's a simple matter of removing the lamp from the base and from there being able to immediately clamp the light onto another support . This is not the case . The way that the lamp is mounted to the base require unscrewing a nut , and then juggling some tiny parts while screwing the lamp head onto the clamp accessory . With the lamp now attached to the clamp , it has to be again unscrewed from the clamp accessory to mount again on the base ... a completely unacceptable level of utterly needless time-wasting for anyone who simply wants to illuminate something in a reasonable amount of time.If you decide to leave the clamp accessory attached to the light and clamp it to the vertical post of the base , it fits very loosely due to the foam covering of the vertical support and is quite unstable on level ground ... the clamp puts the light 's center of gravity off to the side , rendering the entire matter a silly mess . If you decide that you can put up with this , there is still the matter of the exposed metal screw thread sticking up from the base , which is now uselss and a potential safety hazard if you grab for the lamp or fall on it in the dark ... when the lamp is clamped onto another support and the base is nearby , you now have what is essentially a metal spike supported on a vertical column , ready and waiting to impale or injure.Please do not buy this product , as it will most likely be a source of profound frustration and potential danger to yourself and others unless you never intend to use the clamp accessory . But if that is the case , why buy this light ? Others have already mentioned the silly grille which causes a crosshatch pattern in the projected light , so unless you intend to never use the clamp function and also intend to remove the silly plastic grille , buying this lamp is pointless and counterproductive for anyone expecting the product to perform safely as advertised .
 First off , this is not just a simple , rechargeable flashlight . If you 're looking for something like that , you will not likely be happy with this Vector worklight.The worklight arrives packaged in hard plastic blister packaging , which may explain why some reviewers received non-working lights . Something this heavy and expensive should be packaged better . The enclosed operating instructions are practically useless . They do not tell you that you have to plug the coiled cigarette lighter plug into the receptacle on the base for the light to work . So people who said their light would n't work may not have figured out this crucial step . The instructions also do not tell you how to use the included clamp . Maybe I 'm an idiot , but I still have n't figured out that feature out yet.This worklight appears to have been engineered with no thought to form or design . It is very bulky and heavy , largely due to the rechargeable battery that forms the base . Thankfully , the base is heavy because the light is not balanced at all -- the light is not balanced and sticks out forward from the base , so if the base were not heavy it would fall over . The coiled plug , which can be used to power the light from a 12V cigarette lighter socket , gets in the way of the handle when carrying the light for portable usage . Even worse , the plastic guard in front of the bulb makes dark crosshairs across everything you shine the light on , which really hinders the lighting . I can understand why one reviewer cut the guard off for better lighting . Unfortunately , this would then leave the expensive bulb exposed to easier breakage . The instructions tell you to go to an `` electrical store '' for a replacement bulb , and I have not taken the light apart yet to see if the bulb is standard or not . Maybe mine just needs to be broken in more , but the head angle adjustment is very tight and does not adjust easily when you loosen the thumbknob . I had to remove the thumbknob and pull the screw back to adjust mine . The battery is recharged with an included AC adapter , but you are warned not to operate the light while it is charging . There is no mention about what might happen if you do . The on/off switch is not clearly marked to tell which way to push the rocker switch to turn the light on or off . The company made a point to create a rubber cover for the AC adapter socket so it would be waterproof , but they did not do so for the 12V socket on the base . So if you are powering the light from another 12V source -LRB- on a boat , for instance -RRB- the base socket is exposed to moisture . Many of these criticisms are minor issues but they illustrate the poor engineering design of this light.Engineering and design criticisms aside , one of the biggest problems with this worklight is the battery does not hold a charge for very long , especially if you leave the coiled lamp cord in the 12V socket . After a full charge I tried to use this worklight only a week or so later . Dead as a doornail . And it takes 10-15 hours to recharge . According to the instructions that come with the worklight , you should not leave it charging for longer than 15 hours , so you can not simply plug it in and leave it charging until you need it . So unless you plan to use and recharge the worklight regularly it is basically useless.About the only useful features of this light are the fact that it can be powered by a 12V socket , making it more useful if you need it for a camper or boat . Since there is a 12V socket in the rechargeable battery base you can use the base to power other 12V devices that use a cigarette lighter socket.Overall , I was very disappointed with this product . I have seen lighter weight LED worklights that put out better light and are easier to use . Even on sale -LRB- I paid $ 25 on a Gold Box offer -RRB- this light was not worth the money spent . For me it was money wasted .
 I purchaced 3 of these lights without reading the reviews and wished that i did . I recieved the lights and plugged them in to charge for the 12 hours -LRB- red charge light comes on -RRB- as suggested by the instructions . I plugged the power cord into the battery and flicked the switch and nothing . I tried to reset the 12v plug into the battery and still nothing . This was with all 3 lights . I plugged them into the car 12v outlets and the lights worked but that was not the purpose i had intended . I tried to charge them using the 12v charging cord and the red charge light didnt come on . I feel that there is a problem with the 12v connection on the batteries . Anyway im in the process of returning them . Not worth the money at any cost .
 Followed directions -- charge for 15 hours and then wait 5 minutes . Turned the light on -- and nothing .
 This product never worked out the box . After trying to charge the battery in different outlets for days , I mailed it back to the company for a refund .
 I never should have purchased this ... charge time was too long , light time was too short , and was n't bright enough anyway . From something as heavy as this you 'd expect more . Finally died althogether today , and am glad to not have to look at it anymore .
 Even on a full charge the battery will only last for about 15 minutes . It works good for those 15 minutes . Solid sucking action and great portability , but only for about 15 minutes . Then you have to charge the battery for about 4 hours to get another 15 minutes . Apparently this model is also off the market so replacements are impossible to come by and the manufacturer is no help . I 'd say avoid this manufacturer .
 I prchased 2 units . One was returned to Amazon as it came with defective power switch , and the second unit does not have decent suction . Product is a complete waiste of money
 After having 2 shipped , both were defective . After calling the Manuf said all these should be removed from shelves since they no longer stock defective batteries or any other parts for this model .
 Even though I read the negative reviews on here I purchased this vacuum because Amazon had it at $ 8 , so I thought what the heck . Well I wish I had my $ 8 back . I should have saved the box and returned it . I could not tell you about the battery life because the sucking power is so poor I only used it for a couple of minutes . I was hoping that this would be useful for spot cleaning the cars instead of plugging in the shop vac , but it is really just a waste of time . The only thing I use it for now is to walk around real quick in the house to vacuum up spot of dog hair here and there off the hardwood floors .
 Unit seems to operate ok except that the clamps do n't fit into the tight space around the battery posts in my car . I have an older Schumacher charger with much smaller clamps that fit everywhere ... these folks could learn from that.Also , the instruction manual seems like it was originally written in some other language and translated into English . It 's spotty in details and I seem to get items on the unit 's display that are n't at all documented in the manual .
 This piece of equipment worked really well as far as juicing up the battery when it 's dead , and it 's really easy to charge and use . Problem is , after I had used it a couple times , the cheapo plastic clamps BOTH SNAPPED . Now they ca n't grip on the battery terminals . Under warranty , but so expensive to ship -LRB- shipping not covered by warranty -RRB- that it is n't worth it . Great idea , shoddy construction . ALL VECTOR have these same plastic clamps , so try to find one with metal clamps .
 I purchased this item for my husband last Christmas , and the air hose cracked and started leaking air . He swapped mine for his , since he had had a tire that was losing air , and we both drive a distance to work . Anyway , I am purchasing another soon , but DEFININTELY NOT ANOTHER one like this . It did work for a SHORT time , and that 's why it 's getting two stars instead of one .
 I bought two of these a couple of years ago at Sam 's Club for me and my wife . It was the black-colored model . It has saved us a couple times and I liked them so much ... I bought one for each of my friends families thinking it to be a great gift idea ... The newer ones are a molded bright yellow color . Well ... good luck inflating a car tire with the newer model . My dad tried and I thought he must be using it wrong ... so I tried and failed as well . It looked by the gauge as if his tire already held 80lbs of pressure ! I knew that was not correct and upon closer inspection it turns out the newer inflator hose fittings are defective . I had the unique opportunity to directly compare the fitting to my two year old black model from the same company ... and if you look closely at the tire inflator fitting on the end of the hose you can see where , on the older model , a metal piece -LRB- yes real metal ! -RRB- was engineered into the fitting to assure that the plastic pin is pushed forward enough into the tire air valve to allow for proper inflation . This piece of metal is missing from my dads ... so I looked at the one I got for my sister -LRB- also newer yellow model -RRB- ... yes , you guessed it . No piece of metal ... no way it will inflate a tire . Period . I have not looked at all the others I bought as presents over Christmas , but I bet if I get the chance they will be defective too . Moral of the story , beware the yellow model . I have sent an email to Vector about it and so far , no reply .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 This product does not come with instructions . Technically it does , but instead of telling you how to install it , the instructions merely remind you of what the product does.The product number -LRB- 5634 -RRB- is n't even listed on the Leviton site and their customer service is far from 24/7 so no help is available unless you sit home all day . Unless you are a trained electrician , find a different product .
 This cable was recommended for this generator , but there is no outlet for it , and it does ` nt fit and ca n't be used.How can I return it now that we have had it for three weeks?Coleman cable 01912 25foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with l5-30 plug and 3 outlets is not compatible with Duro Star 4400 -LRB- E -RRB- Generator .
 This item was bundled by Amazon with my 4400E generator and with a generator cover with ` one click purchase ' for all three . The generator is great however uses L14-30 connector and NOT the L5-30 that this cable supplies , so can not be used together . Also the generator cover is not recommended -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . However Amazon does carry a 40 foot cable with L14-30 connectors for only $ 99 .
 Although the cable has a 30 amp male plug , it is only rated for 15 amps . Rather misleading ... had I known this I would not have bought it . That said the cable is 10 guage and at 25 ' the rating seems a bit conservative .
 This cord is a high quality cord but the wrong choice for the generator it was purchased with . I bought the three item set of generator , cover and cord . The generator is good , the cover is cheap and lightweight , the cord does n't even plug into the generator because the cord cap configuration is not availiable on the generator . Wow , shop carefully . Ca n't even use this purchase without buying an adpater or replacing the cord cap . Ouch !
 I bought theChampion Power Equipment 46534 4,000 Watt 4-Cycle Gas Powered RV Ready Portable Generator With Wheel Kit -LRB- CARB Compliant -RRB- as a gift for my father . Told my brother to buy this cable to go with it since I noticed other people bought this cable who had also purchased this generator . The plug on this cable does not work with this generator . The cable 's plug is only slightly off , but it 's off enough that you will have to spend 22 dollars to buy the correct plug . Other than that the cable appeared to be heavy duty and of good quality .
 The end plug has 3 prongs , and the generator will accept only a 4 prong cord . Why does Amazon advertise this as an accessory ? I had to return the cord . Glad I did n't wait for a storm to try it .
 I 'd like to review this cable but to do it I would need the generator . Both were ordered August 28 2011 . Got the cable in about 10 days . Still have n't got the generator . Just today got a note from Amazon that the generator is not available to ship . Do I still want it ? , check here . I 'm really annoyed . I could have bought this somewhere else and had it by now . I do n't think my cancelling the order makes things even . I 've been waiting and continue to wait . It 's cost them nothing and me over a month plus I have this $ 75.00 cable sitting on my workbench.Not happy about this.I can not leave this note without saying that Amazon.com is the absolute best place to buy anything and everything . They backup their products like no other company . Their customer service is superior and I will continue to make them my primary source for pretty much everything I buy . This item , however , annoys me and the fact that I can cancel the generator after waiting more than a month does not make me feel better .
 should have waited till I got my generator to order this plug supposed to be L14-30 not l5-30 plug my own fault
 I bought this to help stick down the bumpers around my coffee table after my baby was able to pull of the corner pieces . This tape was described as strong so I got it . However , it was not as strong as I was lead to believe . This did not work at all for the purposes of sticking the bumpers to the coffee table . I have not used this for other purposes , so I am giving it two stars because I imagine it might work in other situations .
 I like the cover , it looks fine . The only issue I have is that it is not long enough to cover the distance from the lamp itself to the night table . I would suggest to anyone that considers buying this to get an extra one .
 I like the cover , it looks fine . The only issue I have is that it is not long enough to cover the distance from the lamp itself to the night table . I would suggest to anyone that considers buying this to get an extra one .
 Do n't waste your money on these , they are made of plastic and break where the line feeds out of the tool . Even the metal ones are junk -LRB- notice I did n't write `` steel : '' they 're made of the cheapest potmetal available , and also break easily -RRB- . I 've gone through two and luckily , the store took each one back without argument . Not sure who designs these at Cobra , but whoever they are , they need to get a different line of employment .
 The last thing I like to do is drive out to some shopping center and battle traffic to buy anything ... so I thought I would give this a shot . Unless you like the idea of buying cheaply made products that come with 2 broken bulbs , then stay away from this item . Go out to one of the big home improvement stores and take a look at what you 're buying.This product is like the stereo systems you buy from the guys in the van that do n't have any speakers inside the cabinets ...
 I had to drill out the bolts that held the lighting fixture together . The bolts refused to budge , and the phillips screw was damaged beyond repair .
 Unfortunately , I needed one of these due to a family member who would n't stop messing with my thermostat ! I installed it quite easily , and it seems secure . My only complaint is the key is extremely cheap -- when I went to unlock it the key bent and almost broke off . Now if I want to change the setting I will have to rip it off the wall !
 These produce very , very low light . They look cute but are non functional . Do n't expect them to provide any useful light for the room . Also , to change batteries the lamp has to be removed from the wall .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 The lamp looks good but the light fixture broke after about a week . I have to plug the lamp in and out the wall to get it to turn on .
 I ordered two of these lamps , and one of them does n't light up . I tried to reach customer service , but I have n't had the luck yet . I 'll change the review in accordance to how quickly Adesso can help me resolve this issue .
 These drumbs do not stay on the roller at all . It might have been the roller , but they seemed to be a bit loose when used with a peachtree roller set .
 I put this sander in my rotary grinder and the first thing it did was bend the soft shaft and smack my hand several times . Out of balance is something I can deal with , but this shaft is too soft and is dangerous .
 When I ordered this , I was told it was duct tape , NOT . It is like electrical tape . Not going by your recommendations anymore .
 The tape is only 1/2 inch thick . You can not seal boxes with this tape as they advertise . There is not much you can do with it .
 As stated on another review , this tape is not duck tape . When seaching for DUCK TAPE on Amazon this tape came up in the search . Asuming that the search would bring up something correct , I did not read as carefully as I should have . You know what they say about asuming ... . I bought this tape for my kids to do crafts . Happy Valentines Day ! Here is some electrical tape .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I needed a brown tape to accent older aluminum framed windows ... to make them look less bland , until they 're replaced . : -RRB- The pros : + Reasonable price which includes free shipping . + The Brown color I wanted . + 1/2 '' width.The cons : - This tape is n't very sticky & it wo n't stay stuck , unless the surface is perfectly flat . Forget about it staying down if there are bumps or dips on the surface . : -LRB-
 So I bought this vinyl tape thinking it would stick to vinyl siding . Well , it did n't . Not even a little bit . This tape practically ran away screaming from the vinyl I tried to stick it to . You might need some of this tape on a tropical island to bandage a broken leg . As long as your leg is n't made out of vinyl .
 I am new to woodworking -LRB- and planing -RRB- , and wanted to try handplaning a wooden bench surface instead of sanding . Found it for $ 10 at Lowes , but I found it impossible to get the blade level , causing gouges . No matter how tight the screw is , the constant pushing pressure causes te blade to slip the tiniest amount to where it is not level . I would n't recommend .
 I tried this item out yesterday , and found that the slot for the blade was made too narrow , so that the entire blade can not fit into it . I was left to decide whether I wanted to cut deeper on the right or on the left , which makes it hard to actually plane a surface . Attempts to set the blade with a quarter of a millimeter on either side of the too narrow opening , rather than leaving the excess to one side alone , resulted in too deep a blade setting , right up until I tried to use it like that , at which point one side slid in and it went back to being crooked . How does quality control not catch a thing like this ?
 This excuse for a tool is entirely useless . Also dangerous
 An excellent paperweight . If you want to actually use a tool ... get yourself a box plane . I just returned this to the store . Try harder , Stanley .
 Poor finish & quality , not comfortable to use , difficult to adjust , ca n't sharpen the blade and very ordinary results when trying to use in both modes . DONT GO NEAR IT !!!!
 I got the crap beat out of me recently . I bought mace . I sent them photos of me after I got attacked . They still just did not deliver the Mace . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY . The product itself seems to work just fine . Its the merchant . I have never had to use the Mace but it seemed just fine . The merchant was the problem .
 I Purchase this product in june of 2010 , and just recently test fired it . The wind blew towards me while test firing , and it smelled like an orange , and my eyes didnt burn , i was n't choking . I went up to the target that I just sprayed , and put my nose directly up to the exact spot where I sprayed , it even touched my nose , and smelled like an orange . And even that did nothing , it didnt even burn the skin on my nose . And the pepper spray doesnt expire until december of 2014 , I even tried shaking it up , and spraying it against the target again and the same thing happened . I am glad I wasnt in an emergency and that I did n't have to rely on this product to defend myself .
 I thought the squeeze tube with the roll-type tube would make the grout easier to manipulate properly into place . Wrong . The tube fights you every step of the way . As a result you either get too much grout or too little .
 I bought the Charger Hard Hat . Looks geat in the pic ! It came as white , not blue , and the bolt is orange , not gold . Very bad . Amazon told me to go to a page that does n't seem to exist to fix this problem . Not a happy customer !
 I have been using this product for years to help me read and sleep in peace and quiet . However , the manufacturing quality of these earplugs has diminished over time . The earplugs length has gotten shorter and shorter . Consequentially , the sound attenuation is less effective now . Also , it is easier for these shorter earplugs to get stuck in the ear canal . On top of that , I think they changed the foam type used in the earplugs to a type of foam with poorer attenuation characteristics . I suspect these were all cost cutting measures . But , the consequences might be hearing loss for those people who use the earplugs to protect their ears from high decibel environments . I plan to switch to a different brand .
 My husband was trying to save about 5 bucks and bought these . I told him that if it is something that he is buying to put in any orifice of mine please make sure that it does n't have sharp corners . These would n't even squinch up enough to insert . The design makes NO SENSE ! It makes me mad because it is just another product in our environment that is over packaged , and useless . What a waste of energy , resources and money ! Thank GOD for Amazon and their AWESOME return policy ! Amazon 5 + stars this ridiculous product negative 5 - stars ! Sorry 3M !
 I purchased this saw at a local home center and being a trim carpenter , it looked like a nice light saw for small mouldings . After using it for a short time the base started to bind up , so I took it apart and cleaned it out . It had collected alot of saw dust and crud in a short time . I reassembled the saw and it work fine for a few more times . I just went to use this saw the other day and noticed the space/bearing had came out the bottom of the saw , now it has to much play to make a good accurate cut . I belive you get what you pay for and I got a $ 130.00 saw .
 I thought I was getting a great deal when I purchased this , but watch out . I am not an expert on plumbing or fixtures , and though my husband is -LRB- in know-how , not by trade -RRB- , he still was confused by the intentionally vague description which dow not disclose that this does not include the valve , which most sets like this do include . We think the valve needed -LRB- which we found out AFTER we had already paid for and received this item -RRB- is actually discontinued as we ca n't find it ANYWHERE . Make sure you have , or can find the Danze valve D112000T or D115000T BEFORE you buy this . AND include however muuch you need to spend on the valve WHITH the cost of this item , because most any other set like this on the market WILL include the valve , and you can get deals on them for as low as $ 89 ... we 're not getting any deal now unless we can find the right valve for $ 20 or less ! Rating
 SAVE YOUR MONEYAfter just a couple of years the water pressure turned to a trickle . For whatever reason we suffered through it for another couple of years before finally calling two different plumbers . They both concluded the problem was in he main housing which they could n't fix . Called Franke , and guess what , they said I could buy a new one from them at a discounted price ... Umm , no thanks .
 A nice concept , but with major functional flaws :1 . The ceramic buttons reading Hot/Cold/Pure fall out . Only cosmetic , but for the price you deserve better . Franke shipped out replacements , several times , as they popped off several times . We used epoxy & got them to stick .2 . The seal on the filter canister fails and leaks . Franke replaced it . It should not have failed after a few years use . We had water damage .3 . The side spray hose failed & leaked and we had more water damages to our cabinet & hardwood floors . So we replaced the side spray hose thinking , `` At that price , it must be a once in a lifetime failure . '' And the second one failed & leaked . Franke would not kindly send us a third as we were `` out of warranty '' . We bought a third hose direct from Franke . It failed in 8 months . -LRB- No , I am not Franke-ing kidding you . -RRB- 4 . With the hot and cold water off , the side spray hose pressurizes , so if the hose fails , you 'll have a flood.Save yourself many problems , and heed this review . If you buy the Franke triflow , expect problems.What is Franke 's response ? What resolution ? Franke will let me buy another Franke faucet at a discounted price from their website . This Franke Triflow is a real mother Franker , ... if you know what I mean . Expensive , not functional junk . Caveat emptor .
 If you buy this tub you will be greatly disappointed at the drainage system and any help from Kohler . It is the cheapest piece of overpriced junk you could buy . Difficult to remove and replace stopper , 0-ring seals fail almost immediately . I suggest before installing it , purchase a separate drain setup from someone else.Trust me , any plumber will know about this . Also , before installing the tub leave it outside and spray water in it a couple of times and wait 2-3 days to see if any rust starts coming up through the porcelain . There are a number of problems with the factory getting the finish consistent . Do not install it if you see any rust spots , send it back immediately .
 They sent the wrong size twice , and expected me to pay to ship them back . I did not ! Would not recomend this product .
 It do n't work on zombies . If yer buyin this duck tape for yer zombie apocalypse survival kit , I reckon you 'd be better off juss to buy some regular duck tape from wally world . Yer welcome .
 As I do most Sundays , I was working in the back yard on the grill . Because the dude next door is an Al Qaeda operative and he does n't lock his shed , I figured , hey , what the hell , let 's beef up the grill with some bomb grade plutonium . Because I did n't have anything handy to hold it in place , I stuck it down with this 3M nuclear duct tape . After all , I do n't want my burgers exposed directly to radiation!That seemed like a good idea at the time , but when I threw a steak on the grill , not only was the steak cooked way too quickly , but the gamma rays jumped right through the tape and caused the steak to start glowing . It also tasted funny , so I ca n't say I recommend this product at all !
 It is with the profoundest regret that I report that the Nuclear Grade duct tape does not ... and I mean definitely not ... eliminate the seepage of the unique form of energy created by cold fusion.The languorous but potent Sigma waves emanated by cold fusion have escaped slowly but inevitably from our hitherto secret research facility . They have begun with a grim , inescapable determination to deactivate the electromagnetic bonds that unite all matter in the universe.In short , the Mayan calendar should be taken very , very seriously.Our staff has already dismantled the containment chamber from our facility , discarded the Nuclear Grade duct tape , and sold the magnesium-titanium-kryptonite intercorbite dicrumupulator tubing to a scrap dealer and used the proceeds for a case of 18-year old Scotch.In the face of this impending universal catastrophe , we recommend not only to the human race but also to any other sentient creatures in the universe to follow our example with the utmost expedition.If they 're out of 18-year old Scotch , just do what you must do . `` Some say the world may end in fire , Others say in ice.We know cold fusion 's released its ire , So please take our advice ''
 When I first got it , this seemed like a good deal . But three half-lives later , the tape is only 6mm wide ...
 Alpha particles tend to seep through the gaps , so buy two rolls and overlap it quite a bit for a good radiation-free seal .
 Stop with the corny joke reviews , please ! ... Just Stop ! Some of us would like to get real , usable information for such an -LRB- apparently -RRB- overpriced product .
 When using this product-FOR PEACEFUL PURPOSES ONLY - I found that the tape is not nuclear or radioactive , and thus can not be refined into WARHEADS FOR MISSILES TO PUSH ZION - I mean , for peaceful happy fun reactors . This made in useless in my , um , backyard 's nuclear ... um , grilling program . As a loyal American from the state of ... Cleveland , I demand that my so called `` nuclear '' products can actually be used for nuclear purposes . I suspect that the blame lies WITH THE ZIONIS - I mean , goodbye ! - Bob `` American '' McNotIranianpresidentCityville , Cleveland , Great Sa - I mean , USA
 Think about it - tape made to make the Nuclear Regulatory Commission happy or tape made to keep NASCAR cars running?I 've used both - the Nuclear Grade tape does not last long on my back yard reactor . It does n't keep the crumbling cement in place . By the end of winter , the tape is peeling off . And there are NO instructions on how to dispose of it.The NASCAR tape enhances the aerodynamics of my car - we go 7MPH faster and use less gas when the hood 's held down with 3M 6969 NASCAR tape .3 M 6969 48-Millimeter-by-54 .8 - Meter Duct Tape , SilverWeather does n't bother it . I give it out as Christmas gifts every year.It 's not the IQ of the people using it , it 's how fast their cars go .
 This is not $ 500 a ROLL . That is the case price.And to make matters worse , word on the street is 3M stopped certifying their product for nuke use . Basically , this is nothing more than high end duct . Plants now heavily use Nashua 357 . There is some on the eVil auction site ... Being in the duct tape business -LRB- I bet you did n't think there was anyone in the duct tape business -RRB- I know about this stuff . This posting is simply misinformation.Regular wholesale is about $ 12 a roll . Retail maybe a little more than that .
 Xcite 60-1414-01-XC Xcite Holster for LG chocolate VX8500Xcite 60-1414-01-XC Xcite Holster for LG chocolate VX8500THE PRODUCT SHOWN HERE IS COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM THE ONE SENT TO ME WHICH IS POOR QUALITY PRODUCT . THIS SELLER IS LYING ABOUT THE PRODUCT WHICH HE IS SELLING TO GET RID OF POOR QUALITY STUFF .
 I had mine for several and the biggest problem I found is that it throws the snow straight in front of you , I have a large area to clear and with the Power Shoves it takes me longer than if I used a regular shovel , with about the same amount of work . When the snow is over 4 inches you have to lift it up and blow about 2 inches of snow first then lower it and blow the rest . If the wind keeps changing you blow the snow back in your face , if you have a long sidewalk you blow the same snow over and over . Every time I started to use it , I stopped and used a regular shovel . It was great for clearing my 12 ` x12 ' deck but no good for the driveway or sidewalk . If you have a large area to shovel you would be better off with the Toro 1800 Power Curve Snowthrower.You can direct the snow right or left and it will clear 12 '' deep snow with no problems .
 First snow of the season . This thing is worthless . I had to partially disassemble it after I tested it -LRB- right out of the box -RRB- to put the belt back on the pulley mechanism . Then , the first patch of powder snow I tried caused the belt to slip off again . You can tell by the screeching sound -LRB- like a vacuum cleaner roller getting jammed -RRB- . If you run it a little without moving snow , the plastic scoop blade will gradually start to turn . It wo n't stand to any depth of snow . Well , maybe an inch or so of powder . If you need to move a few inches and have to pass over it a few times it becomes difficult to keep holding the unit and keep your hand on the control switch . Gets tiring quickly , especially when you think how much easier it would be just to use a shovel.Can ' t believe anyone uses this , let alone like it . Now , what 's Toro 's address ...
 This was the first snow of the season . I used the snow thrower for the area around my garage which is 2.5 '' -LRB- I used a tape measure -RRB- . The equipment became clogged 6 times and then there was a loud wining noise from the motor . I would restart the product and have the same result . The specifications state that this product can throw 6 '' ... it cant even do half of that . What is the purpose of this product ? It only throws snow that you wouldnt even need to shovel to begin with !
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift and used it today during the first snowfall . I pushed it one foot and then it stopped working ! I am awaiting UPS to pickup this piece of JUNK !
 Disappointing . Item promptly quit working after taking out of box . I 've read reviews of its limitations in 6 '' or more of snow , but I first used it after only 2 '' fell . Made only one pass and shovel stopped . I thought the problem may have been my extension cord , but it was n't . Nor could I find any reset/overload switch anywhere on this snowthrower .
 I bought this unit to shovel my steps and path . We recently had a snow fall of approx 6 to 8 inches of the lightest possilbe snow . This unit proved useless - it kept stalling and jamming . I gave up and used a manual shovel clearing twice as much in half the time . Only wish I had kept the carton so I could return the unit .
 Did n't snow yet so I do n't know hw it would work for snow shovelling but for sweeping dirts from my deck and driveway , it 's totaly useless . Now I have to buy a traditional broom to do that job.Generally speaking , this is a bulky , hard to install hard to maneuver tool that do much less job than expected.Highly not recommended .
 I needed to find a hand held snow blower to help me clear my porches and stairs after a storm.I have severe arthritic problems with my hands and wrists so this purchase promised to be a dream come true for me.Well , not so ! It 's heavy and hard to direct . Wo n't cut through even a few inches of snowfall . The hand grips are poorly placed even after adjusting them . All in all , do not purchase this piece if you plan on retaining your sanity while clearing your walkways !
 The product has an amazing show shoveling power . The problem is it just pushes the snow ahead of you . So you really have to do some adjustments to actually clean a sidewalk . Only worth while if you have a big lawn to `` shovel '' the snow off to .
 I thought this was my answer to snow removal however , It just didnt do the job on my 3 car wide driveway , I used it twice and I looked like a snowman , just snow blowing everywhere , hand shovel works much better , or would invest in a smaller gas powered snowblower
 This tool is simply one that should never have gone to market . It is probably designed as well as it can realistically be , but an electric shovel capable of lifting snow up and to the side can never be light enough for doing steps . It blows snow up and ahead , not to the side . Leaves a mess behind and the user looking like a ghost . I was willing to suffer the awkwardness of an electric cord if it would have helped my wife be able to handle walk clearing in my absence . But it does n't . A real shovel is only slightly more work and slightly slower , and much less aggravation . Have tried this now on snow from depths of 1 '' to 8 '' , wet and `` dry '' . The OSHA-inspired button that ca n't be set to stay on without constant squeezing -LRB- in cold weather -RRB- makes this tool even more difficult to use by an elderly person.Forget this one.Paul McGuire , Ann Arbor , Michigan
 Much too small and weak for even 4 '' of fluffy snow.I gave up and used my shovel.There is no way to direct the snow coming out . Mostly it sent the snow up at a 40 degree angle so it could blow back on me.It 's worthless on the little 1/2 '' high strips of packed snow made by my car tires on the driveway , and it caught on them too.I ca n't imagine the electric motor would last very long.It 's very narrow so you have to make many passes.Using a cord in the snow presents problems too . Now my cord needs to be cleaned off .
 I have a Toro Power Shovel , last year we had a mild winter and my husband had open heart surgery , I did n't use it and this winter the first time I used it , it seized up . I took it apart and the plastic rotor part that the belt rotates on was melted to the plastic the machine was made out of . I worked on it for an hour or so , used a scewdriver to separated the seized area and took it back outside and it did the same thing . I am very disappointed in Toro , for making a power shovel , that is anything but a POWER SHOVEL . Bah Humbug to Toro !
 We purchased this to use on our deck and it would not work with over 2 inches of snow .
 If all you have is a small -LRB- and I mean small -RRB- driveway , or your driveway gets plowed and you just need to shovel a walkway this might be fine but for any real amount of snow , it 's not worth it . Next season we will be buying a regular snow blower . The cord gets in the way , you always have to move it around . It does such a small area at a time that it hardly saves time . It does n't work well with wet , heavy snow . and because it throws the snow only directly in front , it limits how you can use it if you live where you are n't allowed to blow snow into the street . I usually use it for half the driveway and then hand shovel the rest .
 First snow of the season 8-10 '' . I did what was recommended and took the snow off a layer -LRB- 4 '' ? -RRB- at a time . THis thing aint light ! And after 5 minutes the belt slipped off and it would n't throw anything . I returned mine for a refund .
 I used this show shovel one time before it broke .1 -RRB- Toro uses a cheap plastic edge that wears down as it scrapes across the cement driveway/walkway . Manual Plastic shovels at least have a metal edge that is attached in order to prevent plastic erosion .2 -RRB- The throwing device , which rotates on an axl , would become disengaged and would no longer rotate.I had to break out the old manual shovel to complete my driveway . Now , my back is feeling it !
 I had the same experience as most of the reviewers . FIRST time used , my wife was attempting to take 4 '' of powder snow off the deck . It ran for about 2 minutes , and then siezed up . I opened the service cover , and discovered the belt had come off the cheap plastic track . It looked like there was some spindle damage . I took it to my `` authorized Toro dealer '' who is attempting to fix it right now . I ca n't believe it will last . Stay away from this thing !! This one came from Amazon . Maybe they are all part of a bad batch , but the results are scary .
 I bought this model on Nov 29th 2007 and was required to use it immediately in 1st week of Dec 2007 . If you are resident of Midwest or Northeast region -LRB- IL , WI , MN , NY , MA , NJ , CT , IN and many other states -RRB- then you must have experienced that often we get ` lots of snow in few hours ' and this is not the equipment which can handle it . It also can not clean/unefficient cleaning wet and slushy snow higher than 3 inches . Which means that if snow advisory is more than 3 inches or more than 3 hours , you will be going out almost every hour to clean the snow , which obviously would not be possible if you are working full time and if you need to catch-up some sleep after working whole day . Hence , pl . save money on this and get at minimum Toro 1800 Electric or better .
 The toro power shovel plus is n't to great of a snow-machine . the first time I used it , it broke down . I barely shoveled one line across my driveway . I would not reccomend this item to anyone else . The power shovel may look good , but the quality is n't too great . I liked the feature to transform your shovel into a broom , but what 's the use if the shovel does n't work ?
 I used this snow shovel today for the first time . We have about 6 inches of snow and all this shovel did was blow the snow in my face . I 've packaged it up and UPS is coming to take this worthless piece of junk back to Amazon !
 Ditto to S. Taylor 's problem . After just a few minutes of first-time use , the scoop stopped spinning . It gets disengaged from the motor spindle and actually strips some of the plastic off , so it just gets worse and worse . My friend with the same model had the same problem right off the bat . According to Toro , there 's a technical service bulletin on this and you can bring it to an authorized Toro dealer for repair .
 Toro is whittling down whatever reputation they have as lawnmower and small equipment manufacturer by foisting this horrible waste of time on people.I had seen an advertisement and told my wife to get me one of these Toro Electric Power Shovel Plus 's for Christmas , which she did . I could n't wait for the first snowfall , but it was only about an inch ... But the snow shovel just sprayed the snow up in the air for the wind to carry it back onto the driveway where you previously shoveled or in your face . In order to work with the wind I had to go back and forth across my narrow 30 foot driveway , much more work than just clearing strips straight up ... Then for the second snow of the season it was about 2-3 inches , and I went to try the shovel again . But this time it was not as windy , but halfway through the driveway the shovel started slipping . The plastic parts had WORN out and stripped themselves with hardly any use.I then referred to the warranty and called Toro in the beginning of January . Since the damage to the shovel was more than they could just send me a part with instructions , they told me to take it to a repair facility . They referred me to three authorized repair shops . I was n't familiar with any of them , so I just chose the closest one , JT Mower of Annandale VA.They held onto the shovel for 6 weeks saying they were having trouble getting parts . But when I called the manufacturer , they told me there was no shortage of parts . So I called them back and told them there was no shortage of parts , to fix it . So they said it would be fixed next week , but it was n't , and finally the following week it was fixed . I missed three more snows waiting for them to fix it.When I arrived to pick it up they wanted to charge me $ 41 . for warranty repairs and said you did n't tell us it was a warranty repair-which is a lie , as I brought the warranty with me , and asked him if they fixed many and if it actually was junk since it was brand new and broke with hardly any use at all ... well he pointed to several more in his shop waiting repairs ... enough said ... So now I am picking up the unrepaired snow shovel and returning it for full refund . This shovel is nothing but aggravation . It is annoying that a reputable manufacturer like Toro does not build a better product and they do not honor the warranty ... Toro has lost a customer for life ... and if I were you I would be wary of buying any other Toro products ... I would give this product 0 or negative stars if I could . Anyone recommending this product must have a different version that was built better or is just a company shill ... DO NOT BUY THIS SHOVEL !!!!! IF you get it as a gift RETURN IT IMMEDIATELY!I believe they may just try to give you the run-around until Spring knowing that you will not use it until next winter when the warranty has expired.DO NOT WASTE ANY MONEY OR TIME ON THIS JUNK !!!!! I have and sincerely regret it!Keith S. :{ -RRB- >
 I 'm not mistaking the product I 'm reviewing here . Use this shovel 20 minutes every day and you 'll beat Bowflex . It 's much worse than my trusty $ 8 plastic shovel . Incredibly awkward design -- you 'd think the handle should be tilted back while you push the shovel forward -LRB- almost effortlessly I hoped -RRB- . WRONG . The handle needs to stay vertical so that the moving parts -- below the cover -- can get in touch with the snow and shovel it . You ca n't push when the handle is vertical , instead there is a side handle provided which you 're supposed to use to actually PULL the shovel forward . That is , you 're standing BEHIND the shovel -LRB- because it throws forward -RRB- , holding the vertical handle with one hand , and pulling the other handle forward and away from you !!! . Extremely awkward . In addition to really working your upper body , you 'll feel pain in your wrist , neck , and shoulder joints , not to mention the lower back . The snow throwing action itself is very clumsy and erratic . A little wind will blow the fine snow powder in your face . To add to the mess , this thing throws forward , not to the sides , and I 'll leave it up to you to imagine the implications of that .
 I got it for my husband , and we had a little dust snow and It just stopped working ! It worked for 20 minutes . only throws the snow forward and it broke too fast !
 THE FIRST TIME MY HUSBAND USED THIS , THE BELT SLIPPED OFF . HE DID NOT REALIZE THAT WAS THE PROBLEM UNTILTHE SNOW THROWER HAD COOLED DOWN AND HE COULD TAKE A LOOK AT IT . SINCE IT IS PLASTIC , IT DOES NOT TAKE A GREAT DEAL OF USE . WE TRIED SWEEPING OUR DRIVEWAY WITH IT , WHICH IS 2 CARS WIDE AND A LITTLE MORE THAN A CAR LENGTH LONG AND IT OVERHEATED SO BADLY THAT HE BELIEVES IT WILL NO LONGER WORK . IF IT HAD A GUARANTEE , WE 'D SEND IT BACK . I THOUGHT I HAD ORDERED A NEW ONE BUT HE TELLS ME IT WAS RECONDITONED AND WE HAVE NO RECOURSE . NEEDLESS TO SAY , WE ARE VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 I am writing to let you know that I am very disatisfied with the customer service at Amazon . I ordered this shovel on Dec 9th ,2003 and they said that they would ship it out in two days . Two weeks later I checked out where my order was and the shovel was dated to ship on Dec 10th , 2004 !!! I repeatedly tried to get in touch with Amazon to no avail . Even though they stated that they would return my answer in 2 days by e-mail . No such luck , I asked for a phone , and by the way there is no where to reach these people . So I am writing to say the shovel was probably a great buy , but with the service from Amazon you 'll never know.ThanksA disgrunted customer
 My neighbor and i each have one ofthese - older models - and neitherwill start . Not even a hint oflife . The key does engage thehandle start ... . but nothing.Would love to try them out - My electric mowers have always started , LOVE electric yard equipment . No gas , no oil , no aparkplug .
 HAVE ORDERED EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 5 YEARS AND IT IS NEVER NEVER NEVER IN STOCK
 I ordered the small holed pegboard , and what showed up was the larger hole pegboard . I looked everywhere online to get this and it was the same as what I could have purchased at Home Depot or Lowe 's .
 I used to buy FEIT bulbs in bulk from H * o * M * E * D * E * s * p * o * T as the price was right-dirt cheap . Now you see nothing but expensive stuff there . Enter Amazon . These are for use in wobbly ceiling fans and seldom used full power period fixtures . The quality is 3rd World . First one came apart from it 's socket - the bulb landed in my gloved hand as the filament wires were all that held it together-no cement ? I 'm used to this routine . The power switch is off at least and maybe the breaker . You may get a much more Electrical Event if you are up on a ladder or stool and cross those thin wires.Like Frankensten . `` It 's Alive '' but you might not be . On more stable fixtures I am going to G.E. Halogens . Nice bright efficient light . Caveat . Keep your receipts and original UPC codes . 2 year replacement warranty.They will mail you new bulbs . Best option vs. Chinese restrictions on rare earth elements used in CFL 's . LEDS still unstable . The Halogens work with cheap dimmers . You want to buy them locally . Here in OR Fred Meyer , maybe Do-It - Best - Hardware . Free Shipping .
 The batteries were corroded and I had to scrape of the corrosion and replace the batteries before I could get them to work . I was unable to get all four of them to work . I did not know how to return them or who to contact about this product and I was not going to spend more money to send them back so I kept them . I was unhappy with this purchase .
 I recieved these and put them up right away . The plastic around the magnectic part came apart on some of the alarms and I had 2 that did n't work at all ! The batteries were dead . I think these products have been sitting around for awhile ... go to Wal-Mart and get the newer ones there , these are awful !
 The product did not work at all . Was a total waste of time to try to work with it and mail it back .
 Conclusion * The unit I have is poorly constructed , not dependable , and does not produce a loud enough alarm to provide an adequate intrusion alert.Pros * Inexpensive . * Might provide some `` scare value '' to casual/amateur intruders . * Might be useful in monitoring young children 's access to closets , storage spaces , etc. -LRB- but do n't use for critical applications such as monitoring access to cabinets containing poisons , outside doors to swimming pools , etc. as the alarm is not dependable -- use a lock instead ! -RRB- Cons * The sound level is low . While can be heard across an open space -LRB- such as a `` great room '' -RRB- or within the same room , it is difficult or impossible to hear from other rooms . Hence , it 's undependable for warning of intrusions into other areas of a home or as a perimeter alarm system . * Not dependable . The unit I deployed -LRB- in monitoring child access to a restricted cabinet in the family room -RRB- failed to chime consistently in `` chime mode '' -- in fact , it rarely worked in chime mode at all . -LRB- However , the alarm mode works correctly on the unit . -RRB- * This unit uses very lightweight materials and is poorly made . In addition to the performance issues mentioned above , the smaller , magnet portion of the unit fell apart and had to be glued back together.Observations * I also have another brand -LRB- not listed on Amazon -RRB- of this type of alarm which works much better -LRB- that is , it works consistently and it is louder . -RRB- The other brand cost about twice as much , but uses standard AA batteries -LRB- which are less expensive than this unit 's LR44 's -RRB- and cosmetically appears to be made better quality materials and have better workmanship . * From a quick review of Amazon 's listings , be aware that this unit appears to be marketed under several brand names .
 Horrible item , I now know why they no longer sell at the stores . Only one out of the four in the pack worked . Some were cracked , this was my worst purchase ever .
 Difficult to set up on uneven surfaces , . and never never drop the alarm , it is definitely not a timex ! broken broken broken . Do not waste your money . Buy a freaking set of bells and stick that on your door window etc. .
 The item description states it is a stained glass lamp shade . Completely false ! The lamp shade was made of cheap plastic and the design was slightly different than shown in the picture . Buyer beware ! On a side note , Amazon has been very cooperative and helpful with initiating the return process .
 This tape is about as reflective as masking tape . I wanted to markup my wife 's bike for night riding . I 'm returning this to get something that will actually do the job . If you 're in the reflective tape business , there is a market opportunity here
 it does the job , but it doesnt do the job well . its not a sharp reflection , i figured that it would be a strong refelction , the adhesive side has more reflection then the plastic side .
 When I typed in glow in the dark tape , this tape appears as a product that `` glows in the dark . '' When I saw reflective tape as the product description , I just assumed that it glowed in the dark . I am sure that this is great tape for reflective purposes , but I am very disappointed that it does not glow .
 This is not as reflective as the stuff I can get from Walmart . What really upset me was that it 's not 1 inch wide , it 's 0.93 inches wide . I needed it 1 inch wide . That is why I went through the trouble looking for this product . I am very unhappy . Not as described .
 I tried to use this on my car , I prepped the area with some rubbing alcohol and dried it off , it was a little cold , would not stick at all , it was falling off . I took it inside and left it for a bit and decided to mess with it again inside , it was stickier and loses most of its adhesion in the cold . Inside I was able to get it to stick to a metal cooking pot , but it pulled off easier than painters tape . If you want an idea of how sticky this stuff is grab a piece of wrapping or packing tape , stick it to the palm of your hand about 5-7 times and then stick it something and try and pull it back off . another example is a sticky roller that you just used and needs the sheet ripped off , still a little tacky but not sticky . This stuff is very reflective , but does me no good as it does not stick to anything .
 Must have been really OLD did not stick to anything.JVCC REF-7 Engineering Grade Reflective Tape
 This ` reflective ' tape is terrible . There 's nothing reflective about it . It barely catches any light , and unless you 're massively photosensitive , no one would consider this reflective at all . Even cats and owl 's superior night vision would miss this one . It 's blue tape ; that 's about it . And as just that , it 's grossly overpriced . It does n't even stick well . We sent it back for a refund .
 I 'm not sure about other reviews but we put orange tape on our equipment and had no reflectivity . On top of that , the tape has very little stickiness to it and peels off quickly . Poor item . I 'd look elsewhere for getting true reflective tape .
 We bought 4 of these from Lowes 3 of the small size and 1 of the large . We also bought 2 Trans Globe Lighting 5048 , 3-Light Outdoor Post . They 're still standing and if you squint they do n't look half bad . They all faded from brown to green within months . So if green 's your thing ... I called the company and they company replaced them , but advised me to spray them with a UV protectant . I thought why , they 're meant to be outside , but I did anyway . $ 6 a can x 4 cans . This slowed the process down , but within a year they 're green again . I called the company , Trans Globe , and they basically said too bad , your warranty 's up.Please read reviews before you buy any of Trans Globes , aka Bel Air Lighting , Chinese junk . Long term , after 1 year , you 'll be wishing you did . Now looking back I should have demanded a refund .
 I purchased this along with the skylink alarm system to cover a 2100 square foot building . The keychain remote was dead on arrival . I thought that it was the battery but after replacing it from the other keychain remote that came packaged with the Skylink alarm system I found out that was not the case . Seeing how this one was used and cheaper than any other I found online -LRB- now I know why -RRB- I sent it off to Skylink . It was cheaper to pay the shipping than to return it to the seller and have to buy another one elsewhere . After two weeks Skylink sent me a new one.I would not buy from this seller again.As for the alarm system itself , it does not cover the purported area . I had to move my installation to a middle hallway for the remotes to communicate with the device . Before I moved it , I had it at one of the doors at one end of the building and if I attempted to arm or disarm the unit at the other end of the building it would not communicate with the unit . So just note , it seems to really only cover less than 2100 sq. ft. This is a normal build out of sheet rock and wood . No metal interior .
 1 . - Have good range2 . - But
 After a long search I bought this flat 16 awg cord to replace one that was taken by a contractor doing work at my house . Basically this was the only flat one -LRB- indoor/outdoor -RRB- I could find so I bought it . Sorry I did , the 16 gauge wire is not enough to carry power to my circular saw.I miss my old flat cord !
 Contrary to the description this is NOT comparable in any way to duct tape . As for a vinyl tape , it is even worse . Super flimsy . Guess that is why it is so easy to tear by hand .
 lousy shoddy workmanship.The plastic edges are sharp around the nose area and cuts into the face.The elastic strap is made of the cheesiest elastic on earth.Each time I wear these -LRB- once a week to mow the grass -RRB- I have to pull another inch of elastic because it has stretched.It only lasted about 6 uses before I had to throw it away because the elastic was wore out.It 's shoddy products like this that are filling our landfills faster .
 We bought 4 of these from Lowes 3 of the small size and 1 of the large . We also bought 2 Trans Globe Lighting 5048 , 3-Light Outdoor Post . They 're still standing and if you squint they do n't look half bad . They all faded from brown to green within months . So if green 's your thing ... I called the company and they company replaced them , but advised me to spray them with a UV protectant . I thought why , they 're meant to be outside , but I did anyway . $ 6 a can x 4 cans . This slowed the process down , but within a year they 're green again . I called the company , Trans Globe , and they basically said too bad , your warranty 's up.Please read reviews before you buy any of Trans Globes , aka Bel Air Lighting , Chinese junk . Long term , after 1 year , you 'll be wishing you did . Now looking back I should have demanded a refund .
 We bought 4 of these from Lowes 3 of the small size and 1 of the large . We also bought 2 Trans Globe Lighting 5048 , 3-Light Outdoor Post . They 're still standing and if you squint they do n't look half bad . They all faded from brown to green within months . So if green 's your thing ... I called the company and they company replaced them , but advised me to spray them with a UV protectant . I thought why , they 're meant to be outside , but I did anyway . $ 6 a can x 4 cans . This slowed the process down , but within a year they 're green again . I called the company , Trans Globe , and they basically said too bad , your warranty 's up.Please read reviews before you buy any of Trans Globes , aka Bel Air Lighting , Chinese junk . Long term , after 1 year , you 'll be wishing you did . Now looking back I should have demanded a refund .
 I bought this product at Home Depot and it was a total waste of money ! I have bought the product by Artscape and had great results , easy to install , looked professional . I thought this would be similar -- it was n't . It cracked , slid around , would n't adhere , and when I tried to remove it , it left a sticky residue that I ca n't get off !!! Going to back to store .
 This product cost me $ 40 for 2 rolls , 4 hours ` install ' time and 2 hours cleanup after the attempt ultimately failed . Gila film is very difficult to use , especially on larger windows . And good luck getting it off - hint - use paint thinner and a wide razor blade . I did 3 of 6 windows , gave up , took it all off and purchased spray-on frost instead to do all 6 windows . Save yourself some trouble and look for other options for getting privacy .
 Directions should read :1 . Open box2 . Place contents in trash.I 've applied plenty of vinyl coverings to glass . This stuff is good only for a waste of time . Backing adhesive is too sticky , film sticks to itself and pulls its own adhesive backing apart , leaving you a `` marbled '' texture on the glass . Not so attractive . A good example of a product made with very little testing , in my opinion . Save your time and a headache and buy a better brand.I almost left out the best part ! I bought two boxes . The first box I opened , the film had a big `` x '' cut right in the middle of it ! Thanks Gila ! Barf .
 I bought this film and followed the instructions precisely . I ended up with a ball of plastic that was torn and stuck to itself . It would not go onto the window without wrinkles and bubbles and the backing would not come loose in one piece . After struggling with it for almost an hour , it finally ripped . I 'm returning it .
 Short Review
 Glad to see I 'm not the only one having troubles ! this is hands down my most frustrating DIY project and I 'm quite a patient person . Good points - I think it does look nice and offers the privacy that we were looking for and the bubbles have been easy to get out.BAD points - I 'm doing this on french doors . . so 20 little window panes - OYE . . what was I thinking . I do think this would be easier on 1 big window . Working in these small areas is so difficult and trimming has been my nightmare . I definitely bought my own razor as the one in the pack lasted for about 2 panes . The corners are what drives me nuts - b/c they are NOT sticking . Also , while trimming the small space , it shifts causing it to not be a flush trim job on the other side.Would NOT recommend this product for small panes . . I might consider it for a regular window as from a distance it looks nice . . but up close - a hot mess and terribly frustrating !!! : - -LRB-
 I hated the way this film looks on my door once I put it on . It is not the product I thought I was getting .
 Where do I start ? The film is like the consistency of cheap thin tin foil , and you 're supposed to try to keep it from getting creased and wrinkled ??? It 's impossible ! It creases every time you touch it ! The `` Window Film Application Solution '' spray dries so incredibly fast you wo n't believe your eyes ! It 's like a magic trick . Keep the spray bottle handy , you 'll be spraying something every 5 seconds . Getting the film in place is a horrible nightmare ! It 's a SOPPY STICKY MESS ! Also , if the adhesive side sticks to itself your in trouble ! The film gets thrashed and is useless when you peel it apart . Keep a trash can near by . It tears easily too ! As for smoothing out the hundreds of air bubbles and cutting the required 1/16 border around the film with the cheesy tool they give you ... I could n't tell ya ! We never got that far . My wife and I ordered a custom 25 foot roll for $ 100 . When we could n't treat a single window after cutting , spraying , sticking , spraying , peeling , spraying , tearing and ripping the film , for 3 hours , I could n't throw the rest of the roll in the trash fast enough ! If you dare to buy this stuff and you 're treating a larger window or sliding glass door , I recommend at least 3 people for the job . If you could do this buy yourself or with one other person successfully , you need to start your own business ! Heck , we 'll be your first customers !
 Garbage . I have lots of DYI experience and 15 years as a paint contractor , and this is way too difficult and unforgiving . Anything is better than this .
 Before purchasing this or any of the gila films , I 'd read all the reviews . You will save yourself a LOT of money and a LOT of time and a LOT of frustration .
 `` Yeah , unfortunately I got suckered into using Gila . '' , that 's exactly what you 'll say to your neighbors when they ask you why your frosted windows look so terrible.I 've used this product on my window , and on my glass desk . After following the instructions and seeing the outcome , as well as reading online about other similar products I 've come to the conclusion that it 's companies like Gila that make home improvement projects much more complicated than they need to be.Other window film manufacturers use static cling instead of adhesives to avoid sticky goop , Gila did n't ... Other window film manufacturers printed out a grid on the back peal so that you can cut straight lines for easier application later on , Gila did n't ... So what you get is a product that is difficult to apply , is instantly RUINED if it adheres to itself by accident while pealing off the back , is difficult to cut , leaves a mess on your windows when you try to take it off , and makes window frosting much more difficult than it needs to be.AVOID , Gilla . Instead search for scandinaviandesigncenter or raredevice on google .
 Be advised
 I stupidly bought this at an actual store instead of online where I can read reviews ! I spent several hours carefully applying this to a 12 pane window . Each pane was about 10 '' x 9 '' so I did n't really have problems with the product sticking to itself since the pieces were so small . BUT after a few hours all the edges started bubbling up . It is n't really noticeable during the daytime but at night it looks TERRIBLE . I 'm going to try the spray on window frost instead .
 I too have had years of DIY experience and was completely amazed that a nationwide store like Home Depot can carry such a horrible product . Everything about it went wrong . First , I take the roll out of the box and find no instructions . So , I read the simple 3 step instructions on the outside of the box that makes it look super easy . Okay , let 's go . After 10 minutes of trying to seperate the film from the backing , I am convinced there is no backing . There 's no way it could be this difficult . 4 fingernails , 1 razor blade , a magnifying glass and raging eyestrain headache later , I finally get it to seperate . Now , I start peeling the backing off only to find that Gila has cut these stupid notches into the end of the film . So ever 10 inches or so , the backing tears and you have to surgically seperate them again . Oh wait , that requires both hands , so I have to let go of the piece that was already seperated ... and now is stuck back together again.Finally , I call the wife in and we use our four hands , dexterious toes and teeth to hold all the pieces away from the film and finally have complete seperation.Now , apply to the window . Well , it sticks to everything immediately ... itself , the paint . In the effort to get the backing off , all my solution has dried and now I 've realized what the solution is for . Thank you lack of instructions . Okay , now I douse the window in solution and start to squeegee . Lots of bubbles . Well , those are easy to get rid of with the squeegee , right ? No , either the bubbles wo n't move , or they turn into creases that are permanately marred into the film . 45 minutes of this process , trying to pull off , re-apply with less bubbles and still it looks horrible . ... or so says the wife . I say `` let 's not judge until we get the excess trimmed off '' . So I set to work with my exacto knife . Once around the perimeter . No , let 's go around again . Okay , well this is pretty easy . I start peeling off the excess and get 99 % done . The last little piece was n't cut perfectly and so the film tears 3 inches up the window . Wow , all that fun just to get to that point . `` You 're right honey , this looks horrible '' . I peel the whole thing off and throw it into the trash . -LRB- At least I try to throw it , dang thing wo n't let go of me and I end up looking like a cat playing with a piece of tape -RRB- . Finally , I reach down to throw away the end of the roll that I know I 'm not going to try to use and out pops a carefully hidden instructions sheet . I unfold this into a beach umbrella sized map of the world and realize the `` instructions '' on the outside of the box were not written in English , but in Sucker . And that 's what I am.Thanks Gila .
 We had a slow running drain in our shower and since a friend recommended K-67 , we decided to give it a try because of its use of natural organisms to clear drains . Well , we tried it three nights in a row , and absolutely NO results whatever . So we went out and for less money bought some Liquid Plumr and in fifteen minutes -LRB- per the label -RRB- the drain was clear . Maybe K-67 is just good for preventing blocked drains , but not good as a drain opener ? In any case it does n't seem to be worth the expense .
 Our bath tub got a bit clogged mainly due to hair accumulation . Did not help at all after several applications.Then only we realized that this enzyme-based cleaner is probably NOT SUPPOSED to dissolve hair!It may very well work for clogs due to accumulation of easily bio-degradable things like food scraps .
 This is a beautiful and well made faucet , however , it is quite large ! Once installed it is just over 14 inches from the counter top to the top of the arc of the faucet . Make sure you want a faucet that big for your kitchen.I find the pull down sprayer to be a bit difficult to work with . In order to change from a stream to a spray you twist the bottom portion of the head in additon to twisting the head off to pull it down . The pull down head does n't fully re-engage itself when you release it and it requires that you push it up and twist it to lock it into place.The faucet swivels 360 degrees , which is nice , however it has a lot of `` play '' in it , meaning it swivels quickly without much pressure . It only takes a bit more than a gentle nudge and you 'll find water streaming onto the counter behind the sink.The soap dispenser is nice , but it already seems to be a slightly different `` shade '' of stainless color . I 'm a bit concerned that it is going to discolor over time ... which is something the stainless should n't do.All in all , this IS a quality faucet , however there are a few practical use issues . If I needed another new faucet I probably would select something else .
 This heater is loud ! The fan is too noisy for office use .
 I purchased this saw despite the earlier feedback about laser problems ; I figured that the reports were old and that the problem had been addressed . No such luck . The lasers worked for a day before the left one went out . Nice saw otherwise , except for the extension table and fence . Back it goes.UPDATE
 The laser does not work . I bought this miter saw at home depot . The laser would work once in a while and now it is completely dead . This seems to be a common theme . Overall the miter saw itself is solid and the idea behind twin lasers is good but if it does work what is the point . Others who have criticized this product have similar issues . No wonder this item is being discontinued at home depot .
 I recently purchased the Porter Cable 10 '' TwinLaser Compound Miter Saw . After I set the saw up , I tried the saw and its laser feature . While the saw operated , the lasers did not . After trying several sets of batteries -LRB- not included -RRB- , I returned to the store -LRB- Home Depot -RRB- and exchanged it . I tried the laser feature as soon as got it and it did not work . So I called Porter Cable , and after half an hour and several different phone numbers , They told me that if the saw is `` giggled to much '' that the wires to the switch may come loose . They also told me that `` it is a very sensitive machine and should be handled with kid gloves '' ... . LAME ! I bought the saw for work and I need a durable saw so I returned it . If you want a saw with a laser , Get a DeWalt .
 The LASER switch does not work on thisitem I purchased from Home Depot .
 Barrel for spindle is not adjustable , so my lever is not level . Springs are also weak . Will be buying a replacement .
 I installed my Mailguard in July of ' 03 . On September 26 , '03 someone used a very small slotted screwdriver to pry the door open & bend the lock arm.This lock arm is so soft as to be a useless deterent.The security of this mail box is all illusion and no substance until the manufacturer uses a better lock with a hardened or stiffer acuator arm .
 This item is too flimsy and easily popped open to offer any peace of mind .
 This mail box has been nothing but trouble . It is not weather proof . The latest problem is the door to the mail slot is falling off.Too bad I waited too long before trying to return it .
 This mailbox is not secure at all . A few weeks ago , someone used a screwdriver to remove bothdoors . Instead of a metal hing holding the door 's on , there are tiny button 's that stick out of each side of the door 's acting as a hunge . It needs inprovement on it 's design .
 The description says it has 1/2 '' shank . But , when it arrived it had a 3/8 '' shank . When I called them about it , they said they would replace it the correct bit . But , when they received the return they latter refused to replace it .
 they used so little glue on this fabric type duct tape it will just not stick to much of anything , certainly whatever it is used on , it will just not last . cheap , i repeat cheap ...
 I ordered this lamp from Light Bulbs Etc , Inc. . What I received was not what is listed . I receivedBulbrite Halogen BR-30 Flood , Item #
 From the December 2007 edition of CR
 Where to start ... ? The cover photo of the kid eating paint is just horribly distasteful . The package says six tests , yet it 's two pieces you then need to cut into three each . -LRB- How hard would it be to pre-cut these things ?! -RRB- And the instructions clearly say that it will turn orange after adding the water to them , so you know it 's ready . Except that they hardly change color and only for a split second . Was it ever ready ?! How do I know if it 's defective or maybe does n't need to stay orange ? -LRB- The swab tests I 've used in the past stay orange . -RRB- I went ahead with my test , despite it not being orange , and got no color change . I was not confident with the results so I tried it again -LRB- same thing with the slight and very brief change to orange -RRB- and I rubbed it on something that I know has lead paint -LRB- okay , this test is not specifically for paint , but lead is lead ! -RRB- and got no change . -LRB- When I 'd used the swabs on the same item a few years ago the test turned bright pink instantly - so I know it has a high amount of lead . -RRB- So , at this point , I think the kit I got is either defective -LRB- as It sound like the reviews many others are -RRB- or this product and instructions are just pure crap . Either way , Pro-Lab needs to address the problem ! And I am one irritated consumer who will not be buying their products again .
 Consumer Reports is right . I , too , ran control tests . My positive test - with 40 % lead solder , showed a faint dusky color . Anything I test in my house is bound to have a lower than 40 % lead level , so I am already dealing with a difficult test to interpret . But that never happened , because the tests all fell apart before the 2 minute rubbing time was over . I scraped through the layers of paint on my floor , just as the directions said . I took one of the miniscule tests and rubbed as gently as I could . The paper rolled and disintigrated as though that were what it was created to do . This was the end result for every single test on every object I tried except the smooth solder . That test stayed intact . These tests were of such poor quality I would have had a hard time trusting them even if I had ever had a test left to read in the end .
 It might say # 1 trusted brand , however it was anything but . The kit was dried out when I received it and was really only worth MAYBE $ 0.25 -LRB- if that ! -RRB- It only included 2 small test strips and the other materials were dried out and seemed old . I am extremely disappointed . I 've used LEAD test kits before , but I 've never seen anything as poor of quality as this . And the worst part is that this is n't really a product you can return ... it obviously did n't work , but if you use the strips , then what is there to return ? It is n't worth the time or shipping costs to send it back ! I wish I could get my money back on this because this was the biggest waste of $ 10 I have ever spent on Amazon.Typically , I trust Amazon for quality , but this failed in quality in a major way .
 No test object is included in the kit . I have a cup which I knew had lead from a previous test . The kit I bought Dec. 5th , 2012 failed to detect the lead . It may have been in the store too long . There is no expiration date on the package . To sell a kit which may mislead people who follow the instructions in a matter like this is criminal .
 These two small pieces are sufficient for two tests . No way is there six.The first one shredded.The second came up negative for lead paint . I am ordering another brand.I am working in a hundred year old house with many layers of paint . Thebuilding inspector told me to assume there is lead paint . This kit is junk .
 Was n't worth a dam !! RETURNEDIT FOR A FULL REFUND !! That part was good !! Item itself was n't worth a plug nickle !! Should be taken off market .
 This product does not deserve even 1 star , and I need to take it right back to where I bought it to get my $ 10 back.You can get fooled because it comes in rigid , sealed plastic packaging that leads you to believe that there is something of substance inside -LRB- and you can not see inside , and the directions on how to use the test are also inside -RRB- . You open the packaging , and it 's like a bad joke -- the whole thing consists of two 1-inch long pieces of paper , and a tiny plastic pipette . It must be costing them pennies to make this . What a profit mark-up ! I would not mind paying the price if it actually worked -- but it does n't . After wetting the paper strip with a few droplets of water -LRB- as instructed -RRB- to activate the agent that supposedly detects lead , the strip was supposed to turn orange when ready to be used for testing . Only it NEVER turned orange -- it remained white.And when I started rubbing my ceramic salad bowl from China that I wanted to test for lead , there was no change of color on the paper -- and no way of telling if the whole thing was doing its job -LRB- since the strip never turned orange -RRB- . The paper started disintegrating when I was rubbing it -LRB- as instructed -RRB- against the inside of the bowl.Really , this product is just rubbish . It amazes me that anyone has the hutzpah to bring something like that to the market , and waste the resources and people 's time and money .
 We are very concerned that the paint dust created by our back neighbor 's painter , might have lead . We decided to purchase this kit to test our soil , since we have an organic veggie garden in our backyard . We followed the instructions to the T. Even called the 800 number . The paper does n't turn `` orange '' like they say , when it 's `` ready '' to begin the test and they confirmed that on the phone . They said it 's a barely visible orange-ish blush . OMG !!!! I have been a Color Stylist for multiple Studios , such as Disney , Nickelodeon and Cartoon Network to namedrop a few , and I KNOW color . There was hardly a color shift ! I even tried testing one of our lead crystal glasses . The box said 40 % PbO . The strip gave NO reaction !!! If I could give it a ZERO star I would !
 This product is a simple plastic bag , you have to pay the same lab fee regardless of purchasing this or not . This is capitalism at its worst and is a disgrace to Amazon.com ; should be take down immediately .
 Leave it to my husband to actually look at the photo on the front of the pkg -- WT - ? Child appears to be strapped into high chair , eating a pile of lead paint dust ! Are these people high ? I mean , it 's not even like they show a child wandering into a dangerous area , no , this child has been strapped into a high chair and appears to have been served a pile of white dust ! This is crazy . After reading reviews , think I will return to home depot -LRB- that 's the only kit they had there -RRB- .
 Just Received this item and there are only about 3 or 4 sizes in the package , the smallest being about 1/2 an inch . For most of my applications , this is too large . These wo n't go to waste , but I 'll have to order something else in smaller sizes . Bottom line , it 's not what I thought I 'd be getting .
 The home I just purchased has had two Extrol # 30 expansion tanks fail in less than three years , due in part to having been installed horizontally on domestic water systems , contrary to manufacturer warnings . Go to the Amtrol web site for details .
 Purchased as a gift for my son-in-law ... It was smaller than I expected , however , it is large enough for a spare toolbox at the house.Unfortunately , the Bottom cabinet was received dented at the bottom right corner of the cabinet ... beyond repair ... and the lock is missing -LRB- however ... we received the keys -RRB- . I did not open the box before Christmas , and only discovered it on the 6th of January while at my son 's home . I do not want to spend another $ 50 to have it shipped back at this point.It would be nice to have the dented cabinet replaced ... with a lock !! VERY DISAPPOINTED ...
 The tool chest was flimsier and cheaper than we expected it to be . When we opened the box , some of the metal had bent/dented during shipping -LRB- back , and inside with the drawer holders -RRB- . Of course , for the price , we are n't going to get a high quality chest , but I was hoping it would be a little sturdier than it is .
 The item came damaged in multiple places . It was not packed correctly . The assembly instructions were vague and for the most part useless . I have a part that I ca n't figure out what it is for or does . the manufacturer 's website doesnt seem to have the instructions anywhere or any additional info . The price was right but that 's all .
 This tool box is `` definitely not '' for the tradesman . Although it is a nice looking product , enhanced by the stainless steel body plates , it lacks the durability necessary for either on-the-job exposure , or the back of a pick-up truck . It makes a for a good `` home owner 's '' tool tote .
 I installed this as part of the alarm system and this WILL NOT ALARM - UNLESS - you have the system armed -LRB- doors at a minimum in home mode -RRB- . If you are at home , have the system off , and get a flood , you will not be notified . You can not only arm the flood sensor.I called Skylink just to confirm this.I am exchanging it for something that alarms 24/7 . I like the rest of the system though .
 I 've had this about a year . I do n't recommend it . The hinge pieces that also hold the seat to the toilet never stay tight so the seat slides around all over the place . It 's been that way since day 1 . The chrome on the hinges must be super thin because now it 's all pitted . And the camo pattern has bubbled and is peeling away from the seat in one spot .
 We bought this toilet seat just a few months ago . Was garbage from day one . It is a great looking toilet seat . It goes awesome with our lodge themed house . But it does n't stay in place no matter how many times you adjust it . I would not recommend wasting your money . Not a good buy at all .
 The lamp is smaller than I expected ... largely because the shade is so small , with no dimensions for it listed on the product page . It is very small for a table lamp . Too small for an end table . More appropriate for a dresser or decorative lighting.The finish on the base is nice -- exactly what I was looking for . But the lamp base was poorly made . It tilts to one side , not a little but a lot ! Immediately noticeable . It took me two seconds to decide to return it.At nearly forty bucks , the item is over-priced , imo . This is a thirty-dollar item tops , should be fifteen to twenty on sale.Too bad , too . I am looking for a set of table , torch , scounce , and chandlier lamps in oil-rubbed bronze . I initially was going to purchase a large number of these , but later decided to purchase only one . I am glad I chose one over the ten that were in my basket .
 I received this tree on December 17th . I was home for delivery -LRB- it was sent as a gift -RRB- we unwrapped it immediately . The soil was very moist , almost soaking when I unwrapped it , so I did not water it again . Some of the leaves were starting to curl and blacken , but I assumed that was from shock . I emailed Brussels directly over that weekend and phoned them on the 21st . I have yet to receive a reply from either venue . The tree itself is now about dead , though we have it in direct sun and have been keeping the soil moist . Almost every leaf is blackened and curled/dried up . Very disappointed in their customer call back .
 Bamboo sticks a strangely hollow and withered 2 weeks after I bought them , despite watering ... had to throw them out . Also , extremely overpriced for the amount you get .
 The picture is an exaggeration . You get a skinny stalk of bamboo . The unit comes disassembled . . you have to set it up.I have seen better specimens for half the price at the grocery store .
 The bamboo looks nothing like the picture . I received a yellow , already dying plant . When I complained I was sent a new plant free of charge . However , this one came even worse than the first . I had to throw half of it out because it was already dead . I am trying to salvage what remains and nurse it back to health . So far it is n't looking promising . I will not be buying plants online anymore !
 At a lot of asian grocery stores they sell bamboo alone for really cheap . Bamboo is like the 2nd fastest growing plant in the world -LRB- next to seaweed -RRB- . Its better to see these things in person before buying anyways . Size and shape vary , and packaging tend to be harsh on plants
 I do n't usually write reviews ... but I 'd hate for others to get the same dissappointment buying this twig!As the previous review states ... The picture is an exaggeration . You get a skinny stalk of bamboo not even half the size of the photo.Save your money ... you 'll find more luck picking one up at the grocery store ... And Amazon is n't much help either !!! To help they want you to disassmble the plant , box it all up and ship it back ... I have better things to do with my time than this .
 Just like the other lucky bamboo I ordered from this company , this one is dying .
 I have owned this saw for 3 years and I have constantly had to make adjustments to the rack and pinion `` pillow blocks '' that hold the rod , they are nothing but plastic in thin sheet metal and are prone to bending to the point where the fence will be 1/8 '' off from one end to another . DeWalt went super cheap on materials when making this saw , they should have used a hardened rod -LRB- one that wo n't flex -RRB- to hold the gears and they should have used solid aluminum with bronze bushings for the pillow blocks . This saw is very frustrating to use every time I go out with it . I used to use an old Makita with the simple fence and as long as I have to check the blade every time with a tape on the DeWalt saw , it makes it no better than anything else out there . Good tools were once made in the USA , not anymore . : -LRB- DAVE , California Licensed Contractor 15 + years
 I had purchased a small contractor DeWalt 745 saw . It was a great little saw . But I wanted the larger 744x unit . I need a bigger fence area . Got the first 744 and it had a problem with the rack and pinion fence . It was so tight It wouldn ' move . Tried adjusting it via the owners manual to no avail . Amazon shipped another unit and to my dismay it also had a rack and pinion AND fence problem . The fence would hang on the right miter slot . And the pinion gears jumped off the track when trying to adjust the fence . I 'm very dissappointed in the factory setup on these saws . Poor quality control . I believe once I get beyond these poor factory quality issues I might have a good saw . But frankly , I would think twice before purchasing a DeWalt saw agaain ...
 What is the most used and handy hex socket on a job site ? 1/4 '' 5/16 '' 3/8 '' 7/16 '' 1/2 '' ... . Does n't matter ... . none will help in adjusting the rack and pinion fence parallel . You 'll need a 10mm deep hex socket or an extension , & a ratchet handle or an impact driver to crack the adjustment hex nuts . Is there Lock Tite used in factory assembly as well as an impact ? Oh wait there 's 10 mm box end on the other end of the arbor wrench , nope ... . must for the neck bolts on the engineers who spec 'd the bolt sizing .
 I purchased one of these yesterday from a local big box tool store instead of Amazon . I needed it and could n't wait for delivery . I got it home and put it together and then went through the normal table saw set-up process . I made my first few cuts and was very happy with the fence and the accuracy of the cuts . I made a few more cuts for the project I was working on and then did some other things . I came back to make more cuts and the saw would n't turn on . I went through all the usual things one does when an electric appliance does n't work and determined that it was the saw that did n't work . There is a reset button -LRB- like a garbage disposal has -RRB- but pressing it did n't help it to start working again . The manual said `` Before you return this saw - Call Dewalt ... '' I called and the offices were closed . I packed-up the saw and took it back to the tool store and exchanged it for the similarly priced Rigid saw which I am really pleased with.To summarize
 I bought 25 of these almost 3 years ago for my kitchen remodel . I now have something like 8 of them that have broken . The acrylic crystal part has a bad habit of detaching from the nickel base with frequent use . Some literally pulled straight off . Had I known that these knobs had such an inherent weakness , I would have never bought so many . I am now shopping for new knobs that are made as a single piece.These knobs are beautiful , but not for a kitchen that actually gets used .
 Warped ... poor quality ... amazon handled return great ! It is the first thing ever needed to be returned and was really happy with their system for return .
 The bins arrived slightly out of square , and were too rigid to be fixed . They would n't stack . Therefore , I ca n't recommend them .
 I bought this to hold my 2 year old 's shoes and it barely does that ! Medium size bins , HA ! Read the size before ordering and know that it is small !
 These are a great idea , and very economical . I bought 4 of them , and they DO N'T STACK ! when they 're empty , they do nest nicely . But no matter how I try , they are each a little bit off from each other so that they do NOT stack ... I 'll get one side lined up , and that makes the other side off so it sinks in.In other words , buy these if you do n't need them to stack . I 've filled them with what I bought them for , so they sit on top of the contents of each bin rather than stack nicely on top of each other . What a rip off , eh ? I only gave them 2 stars in stead of 1 because of the ability to do that . Luckly , the items I am keeping in them are n't breakable !
 Picture is terribly misleading . If you show me a picture of 2 bins that 's what I expect to receive . This price is for a SINGLE bin only .
 TRUTHFULLY , I 'LL PROBABLY NEVER USE IT UNLESS I 'M IN SOME SORT OF A SOLDERING REMOVAL PINCH . THE TIP IS TOO BIG AND CLUMSY TO REACH INTO SMALL TOLERANCE PCB 'S . SPEND THE EXTRA DOE AND BUY A REAL , HEATED DE-SOLDERING TOOL WITH THE SUCKER BULB ATTACHED !
 Stack and Stack waited 3 weeks after I placed my order to let me know that these lights were out of stock . I placed the order on Sept 20 and today , Oct. 12 , I received an email stating the lights are out of stock . Very poor customer service !!!
 The saw 's OK when it works , but if it needs service -LRB- as mine did after only a few uses -RRB- , good luck . DeWalt 's service is absolute crap , the worst service I 've encountered for any product I 've ever bought . Ever . The saw 's motor cut out often and unpredictably . With jobs lined up , I had to take it in to the local factory service center . Folks there said it needed a new switch and armature , that they did n't have the parts in stock , but that it should be ready in 2 weeks . At the end of 2 weeks , the parts still had n't come in . Same story at the end of 3 weeks . Same again at the end of 4 weeks . Tried contacting the company directly , but only option there is an email system that tells you to contact the service center . Meanwhile , the service center showed no sense of urgency , no apparent sympathy for a customer without a key tool for over a month . When pressed , they agreed to send for a replacement saw , which took another week ... and arrived too late on a Friday for me to pick it up before they closed for a 3-day weekend . So nearly 6 weeks after bringing the still-under-warranty saw in for a simple repair , I 'll finally be able to get my saw back . We 'll see if this one lasts any longer than the first . Hope it does , because it 's a great little saw when it works . And when it does n't , you 're at the mercy of a company that ca n't figure out how to get its hands on two simple parts , and service reps who do n't seem to give a rip about their customers .
 The saw I received had an incorrectly cast motor trunnion , which caused the blade to be positioned about 3/16 '' off of the blade insert centerline . Setting the blade beyond a 30deg angle caused an interference with the blade insert . I checked it against a display unit at a local store , and the copy I received was indeed incorrectly made . It was so out of wack that adjusting both the rear and front trunnion mounts could not solve the problem . Needless to say , it was sent back and Amazon dealt with the return like a champ.All table saws need to be adjusted to work properly , but this one should n't have left the factory .
 The saw arrived sooner than anticipated and was well packaged . I purchased the DeWalt DW745 as a gift for use by my nephew in his woodworking hobby . Five stars for amazon.com purchasing/shipping coordination and five stars for UPS as the package arrived undamaged and sooner than anticipated . The intended use of the DeWalt DW745 was to saw small boards to build small jewelry boxes , small audio speaker boxes using MDF , and small wooden incense stick holders . However , after much anticipation and time spent doing research into this tool we were greatly disappointed . What follows is the clincher folks , pay attention and read on . My nephew carefully unpacked the saw and measured the top for flatness using a Starrett straight edge . We observed that the saw top is made from thin die cast aluminum with the outer top side covered by some type of plastic which is a concern . According to my memory of my chemistry and physics classes , aluminum will warp when subjected to high temperatures and plastics will `` decompose '' when exposed to direct sunlight . The readings indicate that the saw table top is not flat on both sides of the blade AND from front to back . The ability to calibrate any table saw is dependent on a flat surface as this is used to adjust the blade during calibration to obtain a 90 degree `` true '' cut line . A router would have to be used to true the cuts after making a cut with this saw . My nephew used a Starrett dial indicator to measure the so called `` standard '' miter slots . The measurements indicate that the miter slots are wider at the top than at the bottom . In other words they are not 3/4 '' wide from top to bottom as they are tapered inward as one moves from top to bottom . The miter depth is also off as he measured depths greater than 3/8 '' . Cross cut sleds and a good miter gauge are dependent on standard 3/4 '' by 3/8 '' miter slots and any deviation from the standard translates to endless hours of headaches while attempting to calibrate homemade jigs to obtain a 90 degree crosscut . This tool is useless for the intended use which is to saw a `` simple '' true and straight cut . A TS-Aligner Jr. and an Incra miter V27 is also available but by now the nephew had ascertained that the DeWalt DW745 had some serious flaws and that to proceed with calibration would not be in his best interests . In an effort to cut monetary losses and reduce disappointment , the nephew packed the saw back into it 's original shipping box and obtained the required return item information/authorization from amazon.com . He will await for the UPS truck to arrive and pick up this piece of * # @ . I should have known better than to purchase an American brand item . American engineering has been rendered subservient to American business practices as evident in the poor quality of the DeWalt DW745 . We are fortunate to have the tools necessary to make these measurements to ascertain if the product meets it 's own stated specs . I am sorry to report that DeWalt dropped the ball on this one . You have been warned as I know that most American consumers do not have the time or tools to make the measurements that have been done . Now folks , learn from my mistake . I am now doing the `` ankle grab shuffle '' for the return shipping costs . In essence , I feel as though I just left the I.R.S. office .
 THE METALLIC SURFACE ARRIVED BROKEN IN BOTH ENDS OF THE TABLE , VERY DESAPPOINTED.WHAT CAN I DO ??? IT 'S INCREDIBLE IN A NEW DEWALT TABLE .
 With 16-in max rip capacity , I can hardly make a decent sized drawer with it . Returned on the same day .
 This saw has some things going for it , most obviously that it is small , light and portable . There are not really any saws to directly compare it to , with the exception of the new Bosch , which is getting some bad press right now for it 's shoddy build quality . I was excited to get this saw , mostly because when paired with a matching Rousseau Portamate table it provides a very nice jobsite setup that breaks down and transports easily and wo n't break your back . I sold my old Bosch 4000 because it just was n't easily transportable for my needs . It was a great saw , but not especially portable , or light . That is a big saw to fit in a car ! Anyway , the major problem with the 745 is that the table is NOT FLAT . Now , I 'm not talking micrometer , I 'm not even talking feeler gauges here . I 'm not an engineer and I 'm not obsessed with absolute perfection . This is a contractor saw after all . But the table was completely dished in the center when measured from front to back , from side to side , as well as diagonally in both directions . By almost a sixteenth of a inch ! That 's ridiculous . You could n't hope to rip or crosscut an accurate angle with a table like that . Well , I thought , maybe I just got a bad saw . So , I returned the saw and got another one . Just as bad . I ended up doing this SEVEN TIMES and every table was very noticeably dished . A friend of mine has a Dewalt 744 , and while it 's top is not dead flat , it is much better than all the 745 's that I 've seen , and I think it is plenty workable . My old Bosch 4000 had a respectably flat top as well . I am very surprised that only one other reviewer has pointed out this problem , because I would guess that many , if not most of these saws share the same defect . If you are ripping framing lumber , or breaking down sheet goods or just doing generally rough carpentry work then this problem will probably never be an issue . But there is no good reason why you should n't be able to use a saw like this for finish carpentry as well , even for cabinetmaking . I 'm not expecting one of these saws to have a top that 's as flat as a cast iron top on a cabinet saw . But they could have come way closer than this.Oh , I almost forgot -- I called Dewalt a while back to find out if there was some way to get this resolved . Got connected to a `` technical '' rep. I explained the problem , thinking this was probably not the first time he had heard about this . He told me he did n't know anything about it . After I asked a few more questions I realized he was n't lying -- he really did n't know anything about it . He did n't even understand what I was talking about ! He said no other customers had complained about the top ` not being smooth ' . Ugh . Terrible technical support . I have talked to reps from other tool companies who are very knowledgeable about their tools.So , if you buy this saw with a flat table , you may be pleased with what you can get out of it . Actually , if you buy this saw with a flat table , can you do me a favor and sell it to me ?
 I borrowed one of these saws for a few weeks and it performed well ... it was a `` TYPE 1 '' . Several months later I bought a `` TYPE 2 '' -LRB- which is printed clearly on the specification stickers on all Dewalt tools ... TYPES 1,2,3 and 4 -RRB- The saw that I bought had to be returned because the arbor had such bad run-out , -LRB- the blade moves up and down so bad -RRB- that I could not get any where near a smooth cut!The second saw was the same -LRB- also a Type 2 -RRB- I returned one more time , only to get the same results ! I wonder what the difference is between the various MODEL TYPES of Dewalt powertools . This is n't the first time that I 've run into this problem with Dewalt powertools , I 've been a carpenter for thirty plus years.I 've bought my last Dewalt tool ! No more for me .
 I rated this item low because at first it sounds really neat , however there is no picture of the torch itself ... who would pay that much for something unseen !!!!!
 We ordered the Globe Mirabelle floor lamp -LRB- 61966 -RRB- , what a good sale price -LRB- $ 35 -RRB- . When we put it together , the lamp shade did not fit right so it is hanging , loosely non-fitting . We do n't recommend buying this item unless you are willing to live with the defect !
 I was very happy to find this item on Amazon as it was exactly the style I wanted for our den . Unfortunately it is well below the quality I was looking for . It came poorly packaged and with no instructions or product information . We have replaced every light fixture in our house and do not consider ourselves amateurs , however this fixture gave us fits . I had to come back to the Amazon product description to find out the correct size of light bulbs so that we could actually put the globe on . Remember , you get what you pay for and with this product apparently you are n't paying for instructions -LRB- even in a foreign language or just pictures -RRB- .
 Purchased these to replace a pair that broke on a recent 1,000 mile trip which had some rough roads involved . Have had multiple pairs of other brands and been pleased . These are poorly designed for both boat protection as well as secure attachment . The part of the strap that protects the boat from damage from the metal is too small and my boat sustained scratch damage from chaffing . Will replace these with a better pair as soon as possible ...
 Under `` Technical Details '' and `` Product Description '' outdoor use is mentioned . I just received this cord and this is not the case . In fact , in 2 places-on the tag on the cord itself and the cardboard the cord was wrapped in-it states not to use in wet conditions . I was looking for a cord to leave outside .
 Fist off they where not 12 point found that out the hard waySecond the holes for the pass through are not big enoughi was very disopointed
 I was almost going to keep for my son to play tools with . These are not any close to advanced tools . Totally opposite ! The machining of the wrench heads where all in different areas , making me think that once I turned it , it would break . Wrenchs are thinner in positions were they should be thicker . You do n't get what you pay for , IT IS A JOKE ! Thank you , China !
 I placed an order for this item the 1st week in May 2007 and I was told the item would not ship until 6/25/2007 . Today 6/22/2007 I receive an email from Amazon telling me that the item is still on back order and will now have an estimated ship date in mid August 2007 . Another 6 weeks?Total estimated shipping time is now greater than 3 months ??? If I had known that the item would not ship for 3 + months I would not have ordered it since this is an item that WAS OBVIOUSLY NOT AVAILABLE . Please BEWARE if you purchase this item now because you will be placed in line behind all of the other suckers -LRB- myself included -RRB- who are still waiting 3 + months for theirs to ship ... so your new order will probably take 6 months to ship .
 Beware if your light box has the screws left to right because this thing was made to only work if the box has the screw holes up and down . You can unscrew the base of the light and turn it around but then the visible screws are n't in desirable position.Instructions are n't needed for most people but if you happen to need it then they are n't written very well .
 Did not fit so I ended up throwing the old case and the new blade away .
 The light is about as bright as a bathroom nightlight ... if that.Plus , it simply stopped working altogether after about a week.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 i bought this product to product my sisters new car . The lights arrived intact and working but , when they say Super bright . Yeah Right ! . These lights could n't light up a bathroom . Do not buy this product if you plan on using it for security . I eneded up just going to Home Depot spent the extra $ 20 and got lights that did the job .
 Product in Use in NJ . Save your money . This product is of no use to any consumer . It lasted 2 weeks and that was it .
 Came with cracked handle , worked ok for 10 minutes , then developed a nasty air leak . Took it apart and was amazed it lasted that long ! Metal filings and cheap , cheap , cheap O-rings . Obviously a bad knock off of the bostich design .
 I bought two of the Grizzly H5977 flooring staplers and unfortunately one of them lasted only two weeks before it started leaking air and soon after the other actually broke apart at the base . Believe it or not , it did work for a couple of weeks after the front of the base broke off before it too , succumbed to seal failure and developed an air leak . In other words do not let the price fool you , pay the higher price for a stapler that will work longer .
 This stapler worked well for about 500 sq. ft. and then it went down hill from there . The base plate broke like the reveiwer before me and the seal started leaking and eventually would not cycle . This all happened before I installed 1000 sq. ft. I know it 's tempting to buy this tool if you 're only installing a couple of rooms but do n't do it , save yourself the frustration and rent or buy another brand . I bought the Bostitch and have n't had any problems now for several thousand feet . I 'm a home builder that installs my own floors and the guys that do this for a living earn their money . Do n't make the job any harder than it has to be , buy or rent a quality tool for this job .
 The first floor stapler the driver pin sheared after about 400 ft2 of hard maple , rendering it useless . Grizzly offered to either ship my a new part to repair it , or charge me for a new unit and then refund me my money when I sent the broken unit back . I went with the latter . The 2nd unit finished the job -LRB- about 1000 ft2 or miscellaneous hard wood flooring and Grizzly did refund me my money even though it took me about 8 months to get around to shipping the broken unit back . I 'd say if you are strapped for cash and have a limited amount of flooring to put down , the Grizzly is okay . The unit never jammed on me and misfired about as often as a nice Bostich unit I borrowed while waiting for the replacement Grizzly . The hammer is definitely cheap , but it does the job . I am a quality tool guy and swallowed my pride a little to buy this unit since I knew I would n't be using it that much . I 'm still chocking on it a little .
 I purchased this stapler to install a hardwood floor in my house . But ended up using it at work . -LRB- how embarrassing -RRB- Out of the box it worked for about 10 minutes . The hammer would not return all the way to let the next staple load . I call the support number and was advised to take it apart and clean the excess shipping grease in the piston . I did this and the hammer still would not completely return . I took it home and completely disassembled it and clean all the excessive grease out . I oiled it with some good air tool oil tried it out on a few boards and it seemed to be working fine again . The next day the same problem all over again . After two days I gave up trying to get this stapler to work - for now . I will take it completely apart again when I can find the time . Saving time is the reason I purchased a pneumatic stapler . But I have spent much of the time trying to get it to work .
 These gloves are good quality , but no different than the ones you find at any discount department store for a fraction of the cost . The only difference is that the discount store gloves do not have the Mud logo on them , the material , build method and quality are virtually identical.So if I could , I 'd rate these a 4/5 for quality and a 1/5 for value .
 For the price I do n't think these bulbs last long enough , but ca n't find the 25 watt equivalent G25 Globe lights anywhere else , only 40 and 60 watt.Update : These bulbs just do n't last . An article in the New York Times on compact fluorescent bulbs stated `` if the bulb is enclosed in some manner , the additional heat will shorten the life of the bulb . `` Will now replace the bathroom light fixtures with a fluorescent tube to get away from this type of bulb.Update
 We read the reviews and got one globe to see how bright it actually was and whether it lasted or not . It won on both counts so we ordered 8 more and replaced both bathrooms ' incandescent globes . Like any cfl they take a few moments to completely light up to full brightness , but we did n't see that as a problem . However after only ten months , two out of eight bulbs have failed , so there is little or no cost savings . As these CFLs wear out we 'll go back to incandescents , as more cost effective.Update 3 July 2012 : We bought 8 light bulbs in January 2011 . 2 have failed completely . 4 additional one now are very dim and only light to about half strength . That leaves only 2 light bulbs that are still working after only 18 months . We do not recommend these globe cfls .
 They sat on this order for a week before sending it out . Then when it finally arrived it was broken from the start . The key does not lock the drawers or unlock them . It has no effect on the drawers at all .
 I have ordered and received two faucets from Mico and both had chrome defects . Just make sure to check your product when you get it , because Mico does not check before then send it .
 Having recently moved into a new home equipped with many globe style lights , I thought I 'd take advantage of some discount bulb pricing in an attempt to be a little greener than the previous owners -LRB- and save some money in the process -RRB- . I found a good deal on 1000bulbs . com for this standard CFL equivalent globe , and proceeded to order ~ 35 bulbs . Slightly disappointed , I received order confirmation and shipping notice about 5 business days later . After ~ 10 days , my shipment arrived . I was surprised by the size of the box until I realized only 9 bulbs were actually delivered , despite packing list and invoicing -LRB- including charges to my credit card -RRB- reflecting the entire quantity of bulbs . Customer service replied ~ 48 hours after my email with nothing but a credit notice for the incorrect amount , and absolutely no explanation as to why my shipment was short . Ultimately , I was credited the amount for the bulbs that were never shipped , but was still charged nearly the entire shipping charge for less than 25 % of my original order . I 'd certainly recommend steering clear of 1000bulbs . com for your replacement lamp needs . Given that 's all they seem to sell , I guess I 'd recommend avoiding them altogether !
 These bulbs last a lot less than 8000 hours . I put 8 of them in my bathroom about 18 months ago . They are on a maximum of 4 hours a day . 6 of the 8 bulbs have burned out already . Two are still soldiering on .
 After ordering another brand of safety razor blades for $ 6 for 100 , I saw this one and the picture showing a box of 70 utility blades with a price listed of $ 4 . Did n't seem too strange . However in the fine print of the description it mentioned the package only includes 5 blades . I did n't read the fine print well enough . If you are reading this review then you probably caught this discrepancy already . A little disappointing . However these blades will serve there purpose just fine and if I was rating them on that alone I would give them 5 stars especially since they are Made in the USA . -LRB- Well the actual steel may have been made in China or somewhere else and then manufactured into a blade in the USA . -RRB-
 This exact same item sells for less that $ 7.00 at every other website and store on the planet . This site has priced this item too high , also this site has no contact information listed . Not a safe place to buy from .
 Getting a fluorescent replacement for globe lights is an excellent idea -LRB- incandescent globes are extremely poor for lumens per watt , worse than conventional incandescent bulbs -RRB- . But this TCP model is very poor . I got 4 of them and they all put out almost no light for about a minute , and do n't reach full brightness until 3 or 4 minutes . This is inexcusable . A modest warm-up delay is OK in a fluorescent , but this is unacceptable.Try another brand . I found , for example , a Philips is good.Other TCP bulbs may be OK -- I have a TCP 4 watt G20 globe , candelabra base , that does n't have this warmup problem . The problem seems specific to this size.Light Bulbs etc. etc. was very nice , and accepted a return of the bulbs I had a problem with .
 When you lift the pulleys up without weight on them -LRB- to get them out of the way while your bike is down -RRB- and then try to lower them later -- they will not come down under their own weight . You must get a ladder and pull them down by hand . BAD ! Also the safety mechanism is frustrating .
 Do not buy this bike hoist . The pulleys do not travel downwards when no weight is on them . This is very important for a bike hoist because when you are riding your bike , the pulleys are brought up to the ceiling so they are out of the way -- then when you get back from the ride , you must lower the pulleys down to bike-height in order to lift the bike up.I have tried almost all bike hoists on the market . The Racor is the cheapest at $ 21 and it works fine , but feels and looks budget . The Kettler Spezi is around $ 50 but it feels good , works smoothly , and has the best locking mechanism . If you must have quality , buy the Kettler .
 These bulbs took a bit to warm up and come up to full brightness which was great in the morning when my eyes were adjusting , but inconvenient any other time . One by one these bulbs `` stopped working '' after about 3 - 4 months . I say stopped working , because they did n't burn out . The ballast -LRB- a switch built into the base of fluorescent bulbs -RRB- seemed to go out . One of the bulbs would go on and off if you thumped it . After three of the six bulbs went out , I went and bought `` normal '' incandescent bulbs for the bathroom . Also , these bulbs were much , much more expensive and not worth it . Do n't waste your money .
 False advertising . . I only received 1 and it clearly states in at least 3 places on my screen that its a 12-pack . . This is a serious problem for me and my customers . . Thanks for lying !
 A previous owner installed this sink in my unit , incorrectly , and as a result the entire outer perimeter is rusted and cracked . If a person leans on that area of the counter , it can leave a splash of rusty water on their clothes.the counter has n't begun to rot yet , and with any luck I can afford a replacement before it does!That 's not the sink 's fault , I suppose , but the interior of the sink bowl has great streaks of rust running down from the interior edges as well.further , it stains at the slightest provocation and requires bleach cleaner . -LRB- not good in a household that uses lots of turmeric ! -RRB- I 'm really hard-pressed for words to expres how frustrating I find this sink .
 I just purchased a new Kholer faucet today with a standard spout just so that I can connect my new dishwasher up to the sink . I 'm scared that this product might have damaged the threads now because I tried so hard to get it to screw in . It 's a piece of junk . . feels very light like it 's made out of aluminum . Do n't waste your time . My return slip is printed and ready to go . Going to purchase the W10254672 from sears . this is not the recomended replacement part . If you look at the one sears recomments it has lines around the top of it for grip . This one is blank .
 good price but i have a standard kenmore 18 inch portable dishwasher and the adapter was too big to fit the hose
 I would recc the other ones , unless you want one looking like a horsetail -LRB- tall ornamental grass -RRB- .
 Recieved product . Although this is a relatively simple device that has two clips that go on the battery terminals -LRB- pos/neg -RRB- , it also has a spring loaded toggle switch . I was n't certain of the function of the spring loaded toggle - when to use it , how long to hold it in the open position , etc. . Looked for instructions . No instructions - except `` Battery Analysis '' on back of unit . Looked for a manufacturer name on the box so that I could call for instruction . No manuf info on the box - not even the manuf name . Long story short . Called Amazon - they struggled to find the manufacturer . Told me it was Neiko and gave me a phone number to the `` support company '' , Toolsale.com -LRB- 219-229-6142 -RRB- . I called - they basically laughed at me , told me they were not a Neiko Rep and said that Amazon was pawning off the problem . Asked if thay had a Neiko phone number and they said the product is made in Tiawan . Called Amazon back -LRB- Ann -RRB- . She gave me a number for `` Best Deal Tools - BDT '' -LRB- 626-442-8366 -RRB- . Called and they told me that I had contacted `` Endless Watts , not BDT '' ??? Called back and asked if they -LRB- Endless Watts -RRB- supportd Neiko products . They said yes but they did not sell the product in question - and could offer no further info . Asked if they ever heard of `` Best Deal Tools '' . She said , `` oh yes , that 's a differnt division '' of ours . Ann from Amazon called me back , per our agreement , I told what had happened and Ann apologized and told me there was no further info she could offer and to send the product back . Batteries can be tricky . A few tenths of a volt can make a big difference in performance . Because of that , I ca n't say how this product performs as I could never get proper instruction .
 The screw on these are not even close to being long enough . Ca n't imagine what they were thinking . These went back . Yes I could put them on the couch but it would take 4people to pick it up to move it . You could never slide it . Too bad .
 The description of this tree said that it was ideal for areas that do not receive much sunlight . So I bought it as a birthday present to a person that lives in a typical NYC apt -LRB- some light , but no direct sunlight -RRB- . Well , that person did some extra searching and found that another site described this tree for sunny locations . And of course , the bonsai died .
 Shipping was not the problem ; the tree came nicely packaged . However , it was dead to begin with . The leaves were brown . Over the next couple of weeks , I watered the tree consistently , hoping I could revive it . The only thing that I was successfully growing in that pot was moss . The tree continued to look worse and worse . I 'm positive that I did n't do anything wrong . I watered it every day , made sure it was getting plenty of sunlight , and even misted the leaves . I want either a new , LIVING tree , or my money back .
 I never had to work so hard to install a `` C '' battery . One battery is a very tight fit and no room for your fingers.And that 's just the beginning . I finally got 3 batteries in the chime and one in the button and then ... nothing , it did ` nt work.After reading the manual I learned that this thing uses electronic jumpers to achieve 64 codes and stop interference . The jumpers -LRB- tiny bridges that fit over pins on the circuit board -RRB- are very hard to get to , there are a total of 14 , 7 in the chime and 7 in the button . It takes experimentation to figure out what works.I eventually found the right combination and then found that the head of the supplied screw for the chime did n't fit in the keyway slot on the back . Not a biggie ... just added to the hassle.Too much aggravation for a $ 17 product .
 I have to press three times for it to chime once even when it 's next to the receiver . No big deal , just remember to press three times . But no , the crap does n't stop there . The receiver is right behind my apartment door . It does n't have to go through any wall , just 3 glass doors in a row about 55 feet -LRB- it claimed 300 feet -RRB- . It works behind 2 doors . `` Works '' meaning it chimes once every three ring . As soon as it 's behind the 3rd door -LRB- front door -RRB- , it chimes once about twenty rings . The distance between the 1st door and 2 second door is about 5 feet . I have tried like 10 combinations with the jumper , same result . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I threw it away !! it would n't work , tried many different things to attempt to fix it but NOTHING , just flat out would not work but one push , after that nothing !! was not the batteries either , just would not work !! too much trouble to send it back with the sellers restrictions such as `` restocking '' fee 's -LRB- which in My opinion are BS !! and should be illegal -RRB- and then shipping costs , pointless for a cheap item such as this !! buyer beware !!
 The back of this is a little elongated . When the electricians installed it , it did not cover up the sides of the electicial box that is recessed into the sheetrock . That meant the drywall and paint people had to redo the wall to cover the hole that showed . Very disappointed in the product . The skimpy back ended up being costly for me .
 The plant is very healthy . It arrived quickly and in good shape.What disappoints me is that it is described as 10-12 '' tall and in a 10 '' pot . This plant is 20 '' tall and in a 5 '' pot . It looks silly ... the pot is WAY too small for the height . It does not look `` Bonsai '' due to it 's height . If I had seen it in person I would NOT have bought it .
 I ordered this as a gift , and it arrived completely broken . Every branch was completely broken and there was not one live leaf on the tree . Also , the dirt had almost completely spilled out of the pot . I was very disappointed with this product .
 This product is nothing like the picture . The one I purchased was shriveled and dying . It was about a third of the size as the one in the picture . Not a good purchase at all .
 I purchased this as a gift with another bonsai . The other arrived in perfect condition , this did not . It was packaged improperly and over half of the branches arrived broken . I will be contacting the seller for a replacement or refund .
 I bought the money tree bonsai for my husband 's ninetieth birthday and twoBrussel 's Money Tree Indoor Bonsaidays after it arrived the leaves turned yellow and started to fall off . It will be dead within the week . Not the message I intended to give to my dear sweet husband !
 I ordered this tree for a Valentines gift for my boyfriend . It looks dead ! We will try to revive however ... it does n't look good . It looks to me like it may have froze but I 'm not an expert . The packaging is as everyone says a pain which would have been fine had it looked healthy . Unfortunately there was no zero for a rating . I got a beautiful diamond necklace , he got a very sick looking tree .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend as a gift and it arrived half dead and on its way to completing the process .
 Ordered as a gift for family in Chicago.It will not be bringing any good fortune as I 'm told the plant arrived frozen and nearly dead . Returned . Now waiting for refund . Waste of time and money .
 True I did receive my order sooner than I expected but the plant was withered and almost dead when I received it . Also , the tree I ordered was not the tree I received . I will not order from this company again and will advise the same to all the people I know that shop on Amazon.com
 Item choosen specifically for the container shape and color , to match existing decor . Item shipped in a completely different color and shape container .
 The tree was frozen when it arrived and when it unthawed it died . I would not purchase again . Plus I did not get my money back or a new tree .
 I received this item in poor condition . It had leaves that were eaten up by bugs and the trunk seems to have some sort of rotting going on at the vase of one of the stalks . Alot of the leaves have fallen off . This item was pretty much a waste of my money but thats what I get for buying a plant over the internet .
 Bought this , and was working well for a few months . About the 4th month , started to leak , and could tell the filter was n't working properly , due to smelling chlorine again in shower . Called Crystal Quest directly , they said they would send me out a new unit , that was over 2 months ago ! Tried to work with this seller , said they would get back with me the next day - it 's been over a week and still have n't heard anything back from the seller or Crystal Quest . This was really the worst customer service I 've experienced . Next time would buy a different brand , just to ensure proper customer service .
 The picture is of the old style of the same number . Be aware these are now garden-type gloves . The back is now a plain knit , not the spandex shown . Mechanix says they will not be using this style anymore . The gloves still have leather-like palms , are machine washable and the back is the burgandy color shown . My wife really liked the old style better .
 I had a green pair of these that lasted through some pretty serious stuff ... the red and blue ones only last through a couple of weekends of regular gardening . The fingers wear through or the seams rip on the finger tips . I bought the leather ones and they lasted a bit longer but after a month or so they even wore through at the tips . I do have long nails but , I had long nails when I used the green pair ... which was only retired because I sliced through them with a blade by accident , but the gloves saved my skin . Too bad the gloves were irriplacable : -LRB-
 This chandelier came in a torn , taped box . Looks like it has been used and the parts were wrapped back and the whole thing returned . When I am ordering a new item from AMAZON , I expect it to be NEW and UNUSED . Too bad I did n't take into consideration the other review that said theirs was used too . Very unsatisfied and this is definitely going back !
 You sent me a used one ... It 's supposed to be grand new one ... I could n't believe it myself.The bottom line is that i am not happy with it ...
 I did a whole bunch of homework before ordering this saw . I read ALL of the reviews and THOUGHT I was getting a good saw . I am building a house , and its come time to do the finish trim , so I need a good saw.The reviews that said the packaging is terrible - well the most recent was a couple years ago , and I decided that Hitachi had fixed this issue . NOT !!!! It is packaged just as they said . I was lucky though . My saw arrived in one piece and functional - kinda . My first test cut was on a piece of scrap 2x6 . It was out of square 3/16 '' . I thought WOW , this is terrible , so I read the manual to see if there is an adjustment for this , and there is . HOWEVER , there wasnt enough of an adjustment to make it even close to square , and I WILL NOT remove the fence and enlarge the holes as another reviewer had said he did . This is a NEW saw and it should arrive close to square . A little tweaking is normal , I would think , but NOT modifying it from day one ??? Through the process of adjusting and tryout -LRB- about 4 cuts -RRB- the laser became MUCH dimmer -LRB- it was good to start with -RRB- . I looked at that to see why . The laser is mounted in a direct path of the chips / dust being thrown off and the lens had become covered in the dust and it dimmed significantly . Hmmmmmm - ok so much for that nice feature ... . The detents for the preset miter angles - ok here we go ... . The detents are sloppy . When engaged , there is slop , and its a significant amount , VERY noticible . I suppose you could always push it to the same side , and then lock it in and it would then be repeatable - I suppose.I ended up returning the saw within 1 day of playing with it . I am NOT going to modify a 289 dollar saw to be what it should be when I purchased it . Its NOT that great of a deal to justify the extra aggrivation . Amazon was EXCELLENT with the return . It didnt even cost me return shipping , and I had a refund in 2 days !!!!! AWESOME . They just wanted a short explanation for the return and no questions asked . As a matter of fact , I had the refund before the saw had arrived back to their facility !!!! AWESOME . So , I think with this saw , it sounds to me like a hit or miss deal . Etiher you get a good one - or not . I was in the not catagory.I ended up buying a Bosch 10 '' sliding compound miter saw from a big box home improvement retailer based in Wisconsin . A GREAT saw , -LRB- yes , more money -RRB- but it was on sale . It was about 100 bucks more , but it cut exactly right - right out of the box . And by the way , the packaging was excellent on it too . I wouldnt worry about shipping it anywhere in that box . AWESOME.I got a laser that mounts on the spindle for this new saw and it will not get full of sawdust and go dim - EVER.I guess you DO get what you pay for ...
 Maybe I 'm just used to the fat max . I would not by this tape again .
 First impressions made me think that this would be a great replacement for the older , worn out Broan-NuTone tool.Worked fine out of the box but broke due to poor design/material selection when removing from the wand.I would rather have the older design again !
 So I thought this would be better than the older model ... six black rubber wheels in stead of four ... it turns out that it leaves black streaks on your hard wood floor unless you are careful to only go back and forth in motion ... any sideways movement makes a mess ... spent some time on my knees with the magic eraser cleaning up after I vacuumed ... how disappointing !
 I purchased these from a recommendation in a YouTube video on an easier way to strip wire . The theory is the hooked blade would conform to the wire shape and make stripping the wire easier . I found this not to be the case . In a heads up test with a standard blade , the hooked blade took longer and required more effort . It also cut stright through the copper more often than the standard blade . If you 're buying these hooked blades for other purposes besides wire stripping , they might be 5-stars -LRB- certinly they are of good quality and sharpness -RRB- . But for my application , I found them wanting .
 Unfortunately this product arrived minus the lock strips clearly shown in the photo used to describe the product . Another reviewer had reported this happened to them also . I did n't return the item because I had enough lock strip left over from a purchase years ago from a lumberyard . Other than that the weather striping arrived quickly , shipped in a heavy cardboard tube that protected it from kinks but the ends of all the pieces were mangled from sliding back and forth in the tube . Still useable , just trim off an inch . Could be a problem on a door larger than 2-8 x 6-8 . I would look for another source of this weather stripping unless you can work around the issues mentioned .
 M-D Building Products makes cheap products . The 6th smaller piece for the latch is not included -LRB- it is in the photo -RRB- . Ends are bent , probably from the factory cutting them without care . Do not buy this product , it is very cheap and not worth your hard earned money .
 Very disappointed . Product came damaged and missing the piece for the top of the door . All pieces were crumpled on both ends and bent in the center . Do n't buy this .
 I was very dissapointedin color listing . Prior purchase of black granite stone creations spray was a black foundation . This product was a dark gray foundation.I had to return , as I was unable to use with current color of black foundation , as before .
 Length :
 Had to take this knife apart just to remove it from packaging cardboard . Once apart , it took me 30 minutes to figure out how to get it back together . Should be some kind of printed instructions . Hope the quick change works so I can make up for my lost time figuring this knife out . Rediculous that there are no instructions .
 C. Pearson actually summed it all up , especially with the video review , but I just want to reiterate how bad this product is . I know I am not adding much to the discussion , and still , I feel that the more people are aware of it , the more people will not buy it . This is the first Bostitch product I 've owned and it will likely be my last . Even though it 's just a simple boxcutter , they completely ruined it by trying to reinvent the wheel yet again . This one takes the cake for me as far as I 've seen . An old cheap grey box cutter that you need to unscrew to access is far easier to replace blades with than this . I had to resort to using pliers to clench both the new and old blades and forcefully wiggle it both in and out of the box cutter to make it fit into place as I moved the switch to the right or the left as directed . It is rare that I return a product because I am not happy with it . The short time I used it , I noticed the blade would retract when I least wanted it to sometimes because of my natural thumb placement . Spend some more and get the red Milwaukee Flip Back for six bucks more . I bought the Bostitch to replace my lost Milwaukee , and believe me , the six bucks is so disproportional to the value you get with the Milwaukee . I enjoy using that tool as it made my life so much easier when I needed it . There is no storage or twin blades , but this is clearly a gimmick to sell a sub par tool .
 I 'm sure this is a fine knife , but it 's a puzzle . Some instructions would have been nice . I think it takes more than two hands to put it together . It 's not my brain -- I 've solved a Rubik 's Cube in less than four minutes , for example . Help !
 like many other posts said - takes about 30 minutes on the first try to -LRB- 1 -RRB- find the blades and -LRB- 2 -RRB- insert a blade . no instructions ... very poor design . ehow was the best explaining where to find the blades and insert the blade . would love to meet the idiot who designed this .
 There is NO explanation as how to load / change the blade . It turns a supposed `` quick change '' knife into a 30 minute ordeal . I was so frustrated by the time I finally got this knife loaded , I did n't want to do anything afterwards . There is an EXCELLENT review by a customer -LRB- C. Pearson -RRB- who had the same problems that I experienced . He went above and beyond and returned to his review and posted a video on how to load / change the blade on this knife . I thought it was just me , but was glad to see that many people had the same problems with this knife . Shame on you , Stanley , for not including simple instructions for this .
 Too hard to figure out how use and too sharp to make a mistake in the process . Sent them all back at once and ordered Irwin . It was a good idea but poor design .
 I have a few Hitachi products including a few stationary power tools , cordless drill and all are good except this 5/8 '' drill . It has no torque ; the drill stalls and started smoking on a self-destruct mode . The transmission is geared too fast ; rally needed a 2-speed gearbox . Anyway , my half inch 18V Milwaukee drill has plenty of torque , enough to dislocate your arm , and run circles around this corded Hitachi . Should have been a 3/8 '' , not anywhere near 5/8 '' class drill . Ok for light duty but not much more .
 I have many bonsai trees and am a true lover of the art of bonsai . First things first , when I ordered this tree it arrived quickly but was literally frozen . Needless to say the tree died within 2 days of arrival since frozen roots are bad for plants . Amazon was fairly quick in sending out a new tree and thankfully the new tree arrived UNfrozen.However the disappointment did n't quite end . I 'd like to point out that the second tree is completely healthy and still thriving after 3 months of my care , so kudos to shipping a healthy tree . However , anybody with an appreciation of the art of bonsai will be very disappointed by the training this tree received . It looks more like it was completely untrained and just allowed to grow naturally . This is antithetical to good bonsai and leads to a pretty ugly -LRB- read
 I purchased the tree for our 5 th wedding anniversary for my spouse . It the started drying out from the next day on . It 's a waste of money and worst kind of gift .
 just purchased from home depot . Discovered toilet rocked back and forth on flat serface . Noticed two tabs protruding from bottom of toilet . Kohler explained they were from manufacturing proccess . Tried sanding with random orbit -- forget-it . Kohler asked if I had a grinder . How can they let products leave with defects . returned to home depot . Good luck Kohler .
 Light , smaller design , powerful , and toenails well . The positive aspects of this gun are great , so great infact that after returning my first one , I purchased a second . The second , however , had the same issues as the first . The piston rattles and occasionally dislodges . When this occurs , absolutely nothing happens when I pull the trigger . Shaking the gun violently seems to realign the piston . This process is extemely aggrivating , especially when straining to hold a board in place.My first gun , I thought to be a lemon . After my second gun failed in the same way , it is clear that Hitachi has issues to address . From a carpenter 's perspective , I can not reccomend this gun . It 's flawed and unreliable . Get on the ball Hitachi !
 This item came with no blade . It 's useless . The picture shows that it come with a blade . Why it dies not come with blade
 The body of the knife is alloy , but the blade holder is a cheap piece of bent sheet metal that you have to fumble around with to hold the blade and get it in the right notches . I am disappointed in this purchase , especially since it is supposed to be a classic designed knife.Once I got it together it worked like a charm .
 I THOUGHT I was buying a simple box cutter for household use -LRB- cutting down boxes for recycling -RRB- . Apparently this knife is supposed to be so simple that the manufacturer felt that no instructions were needed on how to use it -LRB- although the package does include safety warnings and two -LSB- very small and not very clear -RSB- pictures of how to change blades -RRB- . The blade is retractable -LRB- good for safety -RRB- except that I ca n't figure out how to get the blade to `` un-retract '' and be ready for use . There must be some `` trick '' to it , but I have n't figured it out yet . Also , if I ever DO figure out how to use the blade , I will need to have someone around with a VERY strong arm -LRB- or use an electric screwdriver -RRB- to open the screw that lets the knife be opened and the blade changed . Since I do n't use my electric screwdriver very often , I 'm now sitting around waiting for it to recharge , in case I need to open the screw in order to operate the knife in the first place . So , I ca n't tell you how well this knife works because apparently you need to be an experienced DIY'er to figure out how to use the knife at all . I guess you get what you pay for . Later note
 Did not clean off high sulfur factory oil . The blades were very oily with high sulfur cutting oil . It is smelly , greasy , and the reek does n't wash off your hands easily . Made in USA standards have really gone downhill with `` free '' trade . This is industrial/corporate negligence . Ever try to wash and dry 100 toxic-smelling blades ? I should have returned them .
 This exact same item sells for less that $ 7.00 at every other website and store on the planet . This site has priced this item too high , also this site has no contact information listed . Not a safe place to buy from .
 I bought this knife -LRB- and paid exorbitant shipping -RRB- only because it was listed as high visibility green , and I could n't find anything but gray in my local stores . It 's not high visibility green , it 's standard gray , just like the picture . The seller offered to refund my money if I sent it back , thanks but no thanks given the item price vs shipping!Trying to load the knife was difficult , I could n't understand the tiny picture that was the only instruction given . Perhaps I did it wrong , perhaps not , but the sliding gizmo that retracts and extends the blade does not move smoothly at all .
 received promptly & very well packed ... looked good upon arrival -- albeit younger , smaller , & scawnier than advertised/pictured ... but suddenly turned brown and started losing leaves within the first 24 hours ... dehydrated or frozen in transit ? soil seemed poor -- maybe too * much * drainage ? seemed hydrophobic and disinclined to wet ... also , leaf and bark seemed uncharacteristic for a black olive , but that is probably just my ignorance showing ... shipping right to our front door was great , but having to ship it back involved some hassle ... Amazon was exceptionally good about processing the return
 I received this about the same time I received two other bonsai from Amazon , the other two were very nice , but this one did not look well to start and has gone downhill since.update 10-30-08So I had purchased this item and it arrived well pack but struggled for about 4-5 months then all of a sudden there was new growth everywhere , and then little flowers . I was amazed of the fast growth and now there are olives starting to grow . All I can say if yours is struggle , give it time , fertilizer , water and sunlight and it should come back ...
 This is a beautiful tree . Perfect limbs , perfect trunk to height ratio , even had 3 bunches of olives on it , they died within a day , still its a very nice tree . Only problem is that it had lost lots of leaves during transit and continues to lose around 20 leaves every day . I have only had it for about a week or so and it will most likely be dead within the next week or so . Its sad , because it was such a nice little tree .
 I received the bonsai in 3 days as promised . However , the tree is only about 8 inches tall -LRB- not 10 to 14 inches as stated -RRB- and the pot is a 6 inch round bowl -LRB- not 10 inch rectangular glazed pot as stated -RRB- . I am very disappointed and will never buy trees from this seller again .
 I was so excited to receive my bonsai . it took over 2 weeks to receive , which was very disappointing . When i finally got it , it was packed very well , but that is where the good news ends . my bonsai is about 7-8 inches high , including the pot , not 10-14 as stated in the decription . i was also disappointed with the pot it was grown in , not the beautiful turquoise one in the picture . too expensive for what i received . you need to update the description so people do not think they are getting something they are not.I will not purchase from this seller again.giving this 2 stars is generous . i could have baught this bonsai locally .
 I bought the Hitachi SV12SG in March 2007 . Contrary to the experience of several earlier reviewers , I received a sturdy metal punch plate . The good news
 extremely noisy , awkward sand paper clamps , hard to use switch , friction fit dust bag falls off every 5 minutes , does not get into corners well
 I really do n't know how many stars to give this sander . I 'm sure that it does work awesome . However , when I purchased this item , I was told that the punch plate was included - it was n't . I have emailed amazon twice about this issue , and have received no reply . So as far as the tool , I do n't know . As far as the customer service for Amazon , I give them 0-1 stars .
 The only thing I liked about this saw was the size -- perfect to fit in your back pocket as you 're walking around . The handle is plastic that my dog broke in five minutes of chewing , and I bent the blade on the second branch I cut -LRB- it was about 1 1/2 inch diameter , and fairly soft wood -RRB- . I know you can replace the blade , but the problem is that sabre and reciprocating blades are just too thin and flexible to use on anything but tiny twigs that you 'd use a pair of pruners on anyway . Save yourself the annoyance and buy something with a heavier blade .
 Be really careful how you use this saw . I have two and I broke one years ago . It 's weaker than balsa wood on top . If you put a little too much downward pressure , CRACK ! , it 's busted . I 've thought about epoxying it , but I think it 's a waste of time . I do n't bother using the other one , since I also have some other saws that hold sawzall type blades and they 're much stronger . Maybe I should sell the second Stanley saw on ebay!I 'll give it one star , since it will work if you 're really , really careful . Maybe they beefed up the weak area on top since I broke my saw , but I doubt it . I tried to get some relief from the Stanley guys years ago . I think they told me to go scratch .
 I bought this thinking it would be a useful and versatile tool to keep handy in my tool bag with a few extra blades for different applications . First thing I noticed is how thick this thing is , nearly 2 '' wide in some spots and about 1.5 '' everywhere else , not a huge deal the designers needed to make room for the internal storage compartment . The next thing I noticed , much to my irritation , is that the entire handle is made out of cheap abs plastic , the kind that literally shatters if it falls from too high and hits something hard . Another gripe I have about this handle is that instead of being assembled with screws this was glued/snaped together , making working on it virtually impossible . My third gripe is that you can only use 6 '' or shorter blades in both the saw 's arbor and storage compartment while still maintaining the folding feature , the fact that it wo n't take 8 '' blades is incredibly aggravating . Finally the locking arbor only half works , by this I mean that the blade can be locked open but not closed , due to either poor manufacturing or a design flaw . The only possible problem I can figure is that the lip on the closed side of the arbor was n't cut back far enough to allow the locking mechanism to be engaged , hence why not being able to dismantle the saw is so irritating . Overall this item is a POS that is likely the result of the designers not adhering to the 6Ps . Prior Planning Prevents Piss Poor Performance .
 I had a pair of Nike Sneakers that the rubber sole separated from the upperleather.I washed then throughly with Tide detergent and allowed them to fullydry for 2 days.I liberally applied shoe goo to both pieces to be joined.I then placed them together and taped them tight so as not to move for 24 hours.They lasted for approx 2 days before they came apart again.This stuff is notwhat its cracked up to be.I was not impressed with it.This time im going to use regular Dap contact cement , apply to both sides , allow to dry approx15 minutes and join them together.This will work much better than shoe goo.It cantbe any worse.I imagine bonding leather to rubber takes a special formula , i dont know .
 I have a bunch -LRB- passel ? herd ? -RRB- of saws , at least half of which spend most of their time snuggled up to the pegboard in the Land of the Unloved Toys . Stanley 's dovetail saw is one of them . Why?Well , there 's nothing greatly wrong with it . Has a decent handle -LRB- though I do n't prefer the wrist angle of turned grips -RRB- , there 's reasonable steel in the blade , and it 's not ugly -LRB- an unforgiveable sin in tools -RRB- or built in any large part out of plastic.HOWEVAH , it also is n't ideal for what it should excel at
 I was very dissapointedin color listing . Prior purchase of black granite stone creations spray was a black foundation . This product was a dark gray foundation.I had to return , as I was unable to use with current color of black foundation , as before .
 Comes with discs that are labeled neither for metal nor masonry ... -LRB- and may not work well for either one -RRB- ... . I tried to cut a small piece of steel and did more with a hack saw in 30 seconds than 2 minutes with this tool.It did spin very well , but double check that your compressor can handle the cubic feet per minute that this tool uses -LRB- 11.8 cf/m @ 90 psi -RRB- -- it uses much more air than an impact wrench .
 I do not recommend this cut off tool to anyone . Much like other Campbell hausfeld tools that I 've purchased this one stopped functioning after just a couple of uses . 1st , like another reviewer said the supplied discs are trash . I was trying to cut a small piece of metal out of an old fender to patch onto a rear quarter panel doing some auto body work . Let 's just say I got the job done faster with my dremel . When I did get around to needing the tool a second time for similar work I went out to buy some different discs and they worked wonders . However , then something malfunctioned inside the tool just like a dual action sander -LRB- same brand -RRB- . And the tool would n't shut off !!! I had to regulate the pressure on the compressor while holding onto the tool in my other hand to slow it down enough and cut off the air flow supply . This could prove dangerous with a cutting tool ! I trashed the tool after just the 2nd use . Also , if you do n't have a high SCFM rated compressor then just forget this tool all together . You better have something rated at least 7 or higher if you expect this tool to operate to its potential for more than a handful of seconds . Check out other brands and save your hands !
 If you want someone to stay behind bars , but keep them occupied , then this is the saw for them !! Not only will it make a wonderful stocking stuffer , they 'll be sawing away at the bars for at least the rest of their lives !! It 's the perfect saw for hacking your way through boiled noodles and maybe grandma 's Christmas fruitcake , but little else . If you try to saw any wood with it , the blade stops and starts like teaching a newbie how to drive stick-shift . I must admit , I have n't tried the metal cutting blade , but that 's because I ca n't get the wood blade out of the socket of the saw yet.Ladies , do n't buy it ... trust me.Fugget-about it ...
 I am a general contractor / Carpenter , and I bought this pry bar for work . Its okay for most applications , but the fulcrum on the flat end is positioned so far out , that you do n't get enough leverage for any serious prying -LRB- like prying two boards apart that are nailed together -RRB- .
 I was cutting a thin pipe and the front nut holding the blade snapped off and the products was rendered useless . This was the second time I had used the product . Bad Product .
 I recieved this on time and was eager to replace my chrome version of another make . All I recieved was the brass piece . This is not a fixture . I called the company and they were absolutly no help and said that there was nothing that they were willing to do to help . : -LRB-
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Pros . This is a portable , comfortable good quality hacksaw.Pros . tension knob works easily.Cons . The larger diameter handle placed the knuckles closer to the vise & metal being cut.The user must make the final cuts / strokes using very gentle pressure to avoid injury to the knuckles -LRB- skin removal -RRB- . Con . This saw did not cut straight & had a tendacy to cut to the right of the line.Con . the tapered design has serious drawbacks and makes cutting large wide items difficult & only a portion of the teeth are used.Using your second hand to guide the saw very difficult .
 This is simply a regular roll of toilet tissue that has had the flat ends dipped in glue . When you try to rip it off only the middle of the roll is moveable and it just tears into pieces . So , it DOES tear . I thought it was the type of paper that actually does n't tear at all . Do n't bother with this .
 i purchased this , thinking it would be a fun gag to play on my roommate , and he ended up tearing the thing up and using it himself in little shreds ! the thing was gone in about 2 weeks ! its a great idea , but not if you can tear the thing up and use the whole thing up that quickly ! what the roll is , is just a thing of toilet paper glued together all over . i can easily do this myself with a regular roll of toilet paper so dont waste your money on this !!
 Alright , first let me mention that the product was delivered later than I asked ; meaning that the system is slow to receive it . Next , when it had been delivered , the design looked realistic , but from the side-view it looked almost as though someone glued or splashed water on it -LRB- meaning a picky/germophobic person would probably not want to use it -RRB- and that was the issue with my victim ; they just grabbed another , normal roll instead . Finally , when someone did end up using it , they just ripped it to shreds ; tore it apart . All in all , this product basically sucks .
 I really liked this product for the one and only season I got to use it . I used bungie cords to keep it stationary on my deck . But the plastic tore and now the entire top is open to the elements . The zipper also seperated from the plastic in a short time from wind . It was really fun for the short time I got to use it . I would like to see a replacement cover available for the frame . I would really like that !
 I am still in the process of setting this thing up after buying it online for my daughter for Christmas . The packing was made at the bare mininimum . There was a hole in the box and I do not blame UPS for this . I received other goods in excellent condition.The metal parts were rusty at the ends . The brown rusty powder had to be wiped off and cleaned but I suspect this will only deteriorate with time.There was a large crack in one of the green plastic joints.It is all so flimsy and amateurish that I will not be dealing with this company again .
 I ordered this over a month ago . It was supposed to ship by now but still has n't . Now the ship date has been delayed another month ! Has the company gone out of business ? Is there such a demand for this product that they ca n't keep up with production ? Or do they not care about customer satisfaction ? I do n't know since they have not given any reason for the delay ! All I know is I ordered this anticipating to use it this spring , thats not going to happen !
 It looked so cute and I really wanted to like it , but ... Putting it together was quite frustrating as the bars did not stay put . I put up one bar , and when trying to put up the next , the former one fell off.After I had finally managed somehow to put this greenhouse together , I very cautiously put two trays of wheatgrass on it . The whole rack did not feel sturdy at all , and I knew then for sure that I had made a mistake purchasing it.The next day , my cat jumped on one of the shelves and the whole house fell apart.I also tried to move it -LRB- without any trays or pots -RRB- and some parts came apart yet again . You certainly can not move it with anything on it . Who wants to deal with that ? And I would not even dare to put it outside.I am a little disappointed , but really , what did I expect for the money ??
 The Rumford Gardener Portable Greenhouse #GH 7500This greenhouse does not holdup to the sun . Plus the tubing had to be glued to make stay togeter . All the plastic covering came apart in less than one summer .
 The Rumford Gardener Portable Greenhouse #GH 7500Greenhouse arrived with broken , inoperative zipper on plastic cover . We called Rumford and were told to send them email . We did two months ago and have had no response . Meanwhile , we hold cover closed with tape . Do n't bother with this item . Get something local .
 This rack is not sturdy . Very frustrating that after the assembly the bars comes off the rack . I try to fix one and then the other shelves bars comes off . I am afraid that some of my pots will fall out and break . Not worth to buy this item . Maybe other products are better . I should have listen to the other reviews that it is flimsy .
 I bought one of these when I installed Pergo in my house to do the trim . It was very frustrating to use . First off , it 's very hard to use if you are just placing it on the ground . Although it 's hard to tell from the picture , it 's got an L shaped base that 's meant to mount on a bench . If you use it on the floor , the cutting surface is at an angle . Also , I found I frequently ended up cutting into the plastic of the box . The wallbase I was using was too tall to fit in the box upright , so I had to do the 45 degree cuts using face cuts . The saw would really squeek on these cuts . I ended up buying a better Craftsman miter saw , and only wish I 'd done so sooner.This miter box might be alright if you just have to do a few cuts and want to save money , but if you have to do any significant amount of money , save yourself the frustration and spend your money on something better .
 Too small to use for tall baseboard or crown molding . The plastic bends during sawing and the saw cuts into the plastic . The saw is so short that you can only move it back and forth about 2 cm , so each cut takes forever to make . This is a total piece of trash , and will just cause you to go out and spend more money on something that actually works .
 Pins would not even hold 1/4 '' thick Baseboard trimm . Plastic sides move when you are sawing . Went and bought wood box . The Saw is a good hand saw .
 There 's way too much play in the slots . The slots are too wide . The saw , when fully inserted into the slots , can still tilt on multiples axes , so your cut ends up being as straight as you hold it . Also there 's a lot of play in the plastic itself -- it bends.It does n't sit on a flat surface . The plastic cuts . The saw is what you would expect of a freebie thrown in . A disappointment in every respect .
 I was very happy to find this combo since it was exactly what I needed . However , it is almost unusable since the thin plastic moves around so much while sawing . Saw does not seem to bite well either . Took surprising effort to saw through quarter round stock . A lot of thoughtful touches went into this which makes it all the more disappointing that the execution is so bad . Returning for something of better quality .
 The saw that the miter box comes with is a decent handsaw , but the miter box itself is useless . The edges of the box bend when you are sawing . There are wide grooves in the bottom of the box that seem to be meant to prevent the saw from wrecking the bottom , however they cause splintering in the wood . The guide holes are too wide , allowing the saw to wobble . Moreover , the saw is too short for the width of the box , so 45 degree cuts are very difficult . The lip on the bottom make it impossible to use the box unless it is placed on the edge of a bench , but even then it is unsteady .
 It is cheap , not worth any kind of money . Plastic sides are flimsy and bind the blade . Get a wood or heavy duty metal box ...
 I picked up this mitre box and saw at the local home-improvement store over the weekend . It 's a cheap product and it shows when using it . The plastic body of the mitre box is quite mediocre and flimsy . The saw is serviceable , but I 've had mitre saws in the past that worked much better than this . The clamps are pretty worthless . I recommend paying more for a better combo . I 'm surprised at the drop in quality of these Stanley tools , but they are being manufactured in Asia these days .
 I used to buy Stanley stuff for years but the fact they had the Chinese stamp/mold `` STANLEY '' on a worthless POS miter box like this one makes me pause on buying anything else from them . I guess they let the communist Chinese do their design work as well as manufacture.The saw gets bound up in the slots and the saw is a POS as well . DO NOT BUY !
 This product is exactly what is stated in its name . Do n't be fooled by what is in the full description , features , or think about the retail price . For `` $ 182.50 '' I would expect a full faucet kit and not merely the trim , especially when the entire kit is now available for retail $ 221.90 -LRB- Dealyard $ 89.99 -RRB- . It is a misleading description of the item , and the quoted retail price is totally ridiculous .
 A little while ago I spotted these markers on here for $ 7.97 a pair . Thought for that price , I might just as well try them ... Well turns out , they were n't even worth that much.I ordered two pairs and out of the four markers , one was completely dead , one would just very faintly stay on and not blink , and the other two -LRB- which I assume were working correctly -RRB- would blink so slowly than if you were to rely on them to see where your driveway ends , you would have to stop and wait for them to light back on . And should I even mention that you have to take them off the PVC pipe that acts as a pole to turn them on , the switch being in the hollow base ? I do n't know if Amazon sold them at such a low price at that time because they were getting rid of a batch of sub-par units , but I would n't even begin to think of chancing it for the price they are selling for now . And not only are they cheaply made , but they look even cheaper . Spend a little more money and buy serious markers ...
 We 've had this faucet for about 2 years and over the past year it has really started to show wear . Lots of chips in the copper coating which are very obvious - not recommended for a long-term purchase . Will be replacing .
 Hopefully the replacement will work just fine . It was clear from the packaging , however , that the same lamp had already been sold at least once and returned , presumably for being defective !
 I bought this lamp years ago from like OfficeMax or Staples or somewhere . I still have it -- it looks great and works like a champ . My wife was looking for one and came across this listing on Amazon for the same lamp . Problem is , I paid about $ 25 for this lamp and it 's now selling for $ 100 , which is completely outrageous . I do n't know why the dimmable desk lamp market has all but dried up -LRB- at least sub $ 100 -RRB- but it 's too bad that this lamp is so expensive now .
 Was hoping for a decent quality desk lamp . Thought this would be it due to the price point.Build quality is low . Lamp arrived with scratches on the base and on the top . Knob is loose . Does not lock securely in place - the lamp came down one day and ruined my phone by melting the case of the phone -LRB- it is VERY hot near the bulb -RRB- . Light output is also less than expected . It has a 100-watt halogen bulb , but the lamp puts out about the same light as another desk lamp that I have with a 50-watt halogen bulb.I ordered another , because I could not believe how bad it was , and the new one was actually worse . Sent that back , but I 'm stuck with the original.Recommend to avoid regardless of the price .
 Since I had previously bought a chinese lamp , through Amazon , which was absolutely useless and came partially disassembled with missing bolts , I decided to buy this one on the apparent and perhaps naive belief , due to the brand 's name , that it was American made or manufactured in another country different than China . But I was dead wrong . It was yet another chinese rubbish . Out of the box the lamp was scratched , -LRB- something that usually occurs with most of the Chinese products -LRB- trust me it has happened to me before which reveals the lack of craftsmanship and care when manufacturing and packaging it , something communist Workers do not seem to care very much about . They will get paid whether the product is good or not . Remember Russian or East German products ? -RRB- , as I unpacked it a loose bolt was making a lot of noise and I immediately saw the loose bolt bouncing against the bulb in the superior part of the lamp where the bulb resides in the closed lamp shade . I proceeded to install the handle that allows you to tilt the lamp shade for your convenience and as you see fit to read or whatever . I screwed the handle but it kept turning and screwing continously without ever stopping nor fastening tightly so the handle is not tightly fastened and if you use it to tilt the lamp shade you will end up doing damage to the plate to which it is attached since the plate is no more thicker than a beer can . So forget totally about the handle because you will have to tilt it grabbing the very hot lamp shade with a protective glove or some other protective gear -LRB- and trust me it really gets hot -RRB- simply because the handle is useless.The lamp as seen in the picture looks pretty and it is . I fell for the looks of the lamp . I really do not understand why they could n't make it with a little bit more quality in order to make it usable , after all its manufacturing is not that of a technological challenge . Another thing is that if you use the dimmer and lower the intensity of the light it will start making a lot of noice , a very strong hiss which is untolerable if you are reading or working or trying to concentrate in your job.For the above reasons I consider my duty towards possible buyers to beware . This is simply anonther cheap very low quality Chinese rubbish , to say the least . Besides , having seen the quality of the lamp I really do not trust the protective glass that covers the hallogen bulb which has to be UV ray eye protective . Considering all the reviewed characteristics of the lamp I sincerely believe that the glass is non UV protective , and it is a simple common cheap cut glass devoid of any protective treatment . After all if they did n't care about the mentioned things I really do not think they would really care about protecting the eyes of western buyers whom they will never see , and probably hate or do not like . I will immediately return this item . Of course I already payed for the shipping of the lamp to my country and the taxes that were already charged to me when the item arrived to our customs , money that I will never get back but I can not stand keeping this item so I want to be refunded . Amazon should be more concerned about the products sold on their website and they must mention the country of origin of the product because Chinese qualiity is definitively not Japanese nor German quality . Jesus Christ I really do not know what has happened to the world . I miss and long for those good quality American products of yesteryear on which I grew up.Carlos Gomez VilaBogot&aacute; , ColombiaSouth America
 I have not received this item . Amazon tells me to contact the company . Techni-Tool pretty much tells `` too-bad . '' This purchase was a mistake .
 I bought this product to inflate an airbed . The first converter received had a broken piece rattling around inside the case . Amazon sent a replacement that did n't work . I wo n't try again ! Not a quality product . Thanks Amazon for great service !
 As Amazon 's suggested pairing , I ordered this adapter to power a Master Flow MF-1040 Cyclone High Volume Portable Air Compressor . It did n't have enough power to turn over the compressor . I exchanged the it and tried again , same result . This is an adequate product for lighter use , but not for what I needed . Amazon , as always , was great about the return and refund .
 When this item arrived and I could n't get it to work with my compressed air generator , I assumed I had misread the requirements . after reading other reviews , I think that maybe it 's just a bad product . Unfortunately , after I bought this item , it sat in the garage for a while before I used it , so I was unable to return it .
 I pluged it in and it did not work.And i do not know where to send it back to.Plus if i did i would have to pay shipping.My Return label got lost also . -LCB- whitch -RCB- is my fault.B R K.
 I purchased this product and let it sits in my garage for a couple of months . I went to use it this morning and it does n't work . Do n't purchase it . It is a piece of junk .
 About the only thing this power converter is good for is powering a low watt light ! Not even close to the product description !
 I purchased this item to run a small air compressor so that I could air up floats on vacation . I tested the item as soon as I received it and my compressor would not turn on . I was able to get the flashlight on the compressor to come on sometimes . I promptly returned the item for a refund .
 I read some of the bad reviews , but I was convinced the good reviews overturned the bad . I was wrong . I received this unit yesterday and it never worked from the gitgo . I will not make this mistake again . I am now contacting Amazon about returning the unit .
 Cheaply made . I got it , plugged it in , and it burned out . Opened and found a transistor not even screwed in . Save your money . It was n't worth the aggravation of returning it . I used it in my RV . I hard wired a wall socket instead . Works much better , and half the price .
 When we received this item it didn `` t work at all . Had to return to Amazon and ordered a different brand , which worked great .
 THIS THING DID NOT WORK FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR ... . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
 I purchased this to run a small 3amp -LRB- half the rated capacity -RRB- pump . The pump runs for short time and then stops . I have unplug this unit from the wall and then plug it back in to get it working again . It then works for a short time and then quits again . I would not recommend that any one purchase this item .
 I purchased this unit to power theKoolatron Compact Kooler , which uses 4.5 amps . I figured since this adapter is rated at 5.8 amps there should be no problem . Well there was a problem . I got no juice from the adapter at all . At first I thought it was an issue with the cooler , but I quickly ruled that out when I was able to get the cooler running while plugged into a 12V outlet in my car.I then thought that maybe the amp rating of 5.8 was exaggerated , so I tried plugging in a standard car phone charger , which also did not work with the adapter . My conclusion ... the adapter is a dud . It seems like after reading some other reviews here , the amp rating of 5.8 may indeed be exaggerated , so I decided to go with another product -LRB- 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter -RRB- . *** UPDATE *** The5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterworked great right out of the box . My first impression was that it was definitely much heavier than the Sunforce 55520 and it seemed to cool the fridge effortlessly . If you need an AC/DC Power Converter that will power a device upto 5 amps , skip the Sunforce and go with the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . You wo n't regret the decision .
 I bought this to use with a Coleman Inflate-All Quick Pump so I could inflate bike tires and other things without having to be near a car . It did not produce enough power to even budge the pump , even though the manufacturer claims it will work with a pump or compressor.Make sure the seller will pay for return postage if you buy this . -LRB- Northern Tool & Equipment did n't . -RRB-
 I ordered this converter and the first one I received did n't work . I have another converter that runs my DC appliances just fine so I know it was n't my appliances . I returned it and requested a replacement . The replacement did n't work either . I would order a different brand .
 Amazon recommended this product for an air compressor that I was buying . It did n't work for the compressor . It would work for a lower amp 'd item , but that was not why I bought it . So buyer beware of what you need this for .
 I bought this adapter so that I could use my portable air compressor in my house . It does not work with my compressor . It is useless to me . Since the time that I wrote the preceeding three sentences , I have found a use for this item . I can use my cell phone 's car charger in the house with it . It came in handy for a friend of mine who lost his regular AC charger . I am changing my rating from one star to two .
 I PLACED ORDER FOR THE SUNFORCE AC/DC POWER CONVERTER , IT CAME IN AND IT WOULD NOT WORK , AMAZON DID SEND A REPLACEMENT AND LABEL SO I COULD SEND THE BAD ONE BACK . WHEN I GOT THE REPLACEMENT IT DID NOT WORK EITHER . I WOULD RATE THIS PRODUCT A ZERO . AMAZON REFUNDED MY MONEY IN FULL . I WILL CONTINUE BUYING THRU AMAZON BUT TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM ANYTHING MADE IN CHINA . I ALWAYS BUY USA UNLESS THERE IS NOTHING AVAILABLE . I DO N'T MIND PAYING MORE IF USA IS AVAILABLE BUT USA MADE PRODUCTS ARE NOT ALWAYS MORE EXPENSIVE BUT ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITYTHANK YOUJERRY FROM TEXAS
 Despite expert advice this Sunforce product is not a powerful enough tool to convert my wife into an AC/DC fan . It does not work . No matter how long I use this tool she , to this day , does not appreciate the classic rock & roll stylings of AC/DC . Classics like Big Balls , and Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap have yet to hit home with her . I 'll have to re-read the instruction manual ... perhaps I 'm using this device incorrectly .
 I purchased several of these units and some of them broke after just 2 months of use - no wonder why they are so cheap . I would gladly pay more for a quality unit - but these are made in China and most likely mass produced with little to no quality control - so good luck !
 Not a gd product . It works . When I opened the cover to change the code the battery popped out !!! To open the cover , u need to press hard and that leave scratch mark or might break the plastic as well
 Unfortunately , what I received is not what is pictured -LRB- color is correct -RRB- . I ordered 2 different garage door openers . One for this product and one for a multi-pack -LRB- 2 -RRB- garage door openers . I received all 3 of the same product . You need to be right at the garage door -LRB- almost touching it -RRB- in order for it/them to work , if it is going to work at all . I even changed the battery that came with the opener . They work , just not how you would expect a garage door opener to . I did receive them in a timely manner , which I was happy about . Just bummed they do not work like the one I had ; you could be around the corner and open the garage door . : -LRB-
 I bought two of these openers to replace our old ones , as one of the connection wires tore requiring replacement . This was the identical model we had been using during the past 5 years , so I know they should have worked fine . What a piece of junk ... the button on one remote broke after about a month , and neither of them ever worked properly . They opened intermittently for several months , then they stopped working all together . I eventually purchased the same remote from another vendor , and have not had any problems . I think these might be QC rejects or something , but save your money and buy from another supplier .
 item does not work with my opener , was too late to return when I found this out.be careful what you buy
 After reading description , it sounded like it had a good chance of working with my older Sears Craftsmen garage door opener . It was not capatible - spent lots of time trying to code it - to no avail . Luckily they were relatively cheap - will just throw away .
 I was a little puzzled when I opened the mailing box to discover that the four smoke alarms I ordered were in packaging that was worn , faded and yellowed . After opening each of them , I noted that the manufacture date was stamped 2005 on three of them -LRB- 2008 on the other -RRB- . As smoke alarms are suposed to be replaced every ten years -- as stated in the product literature as well as by fire safety groups -- these smoke alarms were already more than half way through their lifespan!I 'm a bit miffed by Amazon that they are n't paying close enough attention to time-sensitive stock . For the price I paid for these alarms , I expect to get a `` fresh '' product .
 I installed the alarm and it would n't stop alarming . The hush button did n't work . After pressing it , the green LED was supposed to flash , which it did n't .
 Bought this based on all the great reviews and I had heard Kidde was a great brand , but the ones in my kitchen and garage are driving me nuts . It goes off pretty sporadically , sometimes when we make toast -LRB- not burnt -RRB- , or when we are we are saut&eacute;ing veggies , or when my Fiance starts up his motorcycle in the garage . They are both positioned as far away from the things that set them off as possible while still being in the room . They are just very sensitive I guess , too sensitive for my taste ...
 The product dimensions are listed at 7in by 9in by 10in . The picture shows that it is round , and it appears much smaller . I am considering buying these , but I do n't understand the size .
 The fire alarm came with the alarm , three batteries and a base that one screws to the wall . The base would not fit the alarm and the base is required to keep the batteries in the alarm so I phoned Kidde and they sent me a new base . The new base would not fit either so I 'm shipping the item back to Amazon . The alarm may work just fine but I did n't get a chance to try it.I have to say that the Amazon return policy is marvelous . AAA for amazon . F for Kidde.Sincerely , Don Oliason
 I paid some good money for another brand that was made in China . One of the jacks failed in 2 months time . It also may of failed due to abuse by an employee that is no longer employed . Any way this is a much heftier ratchet stand that we use for large cable reels that are to small for the big electo-hydraulic machine.The ratchet arms make easy work of balancing the load . Oh yeah , this retailer had the best price . Others were as high as $ 1200.00 . One of the big catalog supply everything type of retailer . Freight to me in california was about $ 120.00 as these have to go by common carrier.Why not 5 stars you ask ? I do not use the jacks and am just reporting what my warehouse crew says about them . So without personally using them i can not give it a 5after 12 months these too have failed . the items being put on them are under the rated weight . one of the bearings in the little wheels froze . this caused a spool to jump off of the jack and luckily nobody was hurt . We now use another system that has been in use for the last 3 months . for the money we paid for these you would think greenlee would have better quality . this jack has now been recycled for its content . scrap steel .
 I bought 6 of these bulbs , to replace some incandescent bulbs as they burned out . One of the TCP bulbs was dead upon arrival . 2 more have since burned out . Meanwhile one incandescent bulb has outlasted them . On the positive side they are n't too dim when first turned on as some CFL 's can be , but it still takes a little while to reach full brightness .
 Purchased three of these bulbs , rated at 8000 hours life . In my application , they are on no more than 4 hours per day . One lasted less than one year and was replaced under warranty . Now a second has failed at about a year and a half and no more than 2000 hours . Seller says I must have bad luck . In my world 2 out of 3 is not bad luck , but more likely bad product .
 I ca n't tell from the pictures and description if the photo is of a 5 step ladder or a six step ladder . Is the top -LRB- 6th -RRB- a step or a shelf ? It sounds like a great ladder but I ca n't tell for sure what I am getting . Thanks .
 Did not receive product , though did get full refund , This item was bought as a gift and did not come ... BAD
 Purchased this for an older Delta 9 '' table saw . Very disappointed with performance . After cutting maybe a dozen or so pieces of small lumber , the blade was completely dull and in dire need of sharpening.Spend the extra money and buy a better quality blade , so you wo n't be disappointed like me .
 The `` bracket '' to hang this product on the outlet ca n't hold the weight of the heater . There are no screws/mail/or instructions on any other way to secure this heater on the wall . Therefore it is NOT a wall mounted heater .
 I read people 's review and the only problem was it falling off wall . I just though the people were n't doing it right or they did n't have a standard plate size . All I can say is that it uses a plastic 3 prong piece that is junk . I would return this heater except I threw away the box . I would suggest that you do n't buy .
 I checked the reviews on this item on Amazon 's web site before placing the order . Many of the previous reviewers complained about the heater staying supported by the supplied receptacle bracket . I decided to take a chance and hope that the manufacturer had changed the design to eliminate the issue . I 'm sorry to say that the problem remains . The heater falls down when one touches it to turn on/off . At some point the heater will get damaged from constant falling . The product has been returned for a refund . I would not recommend buying this product until it is redesigned .
 I had to return this item on the day I got it . The mounting bracket does n't work at all and the heater falls off the wall as soon as you try to mount it . It is very poorly designed .
 After installing this heater to the wall outlet with the enclosed `` adapter '' the heater repeatedly fell out and no matter how I tried it would not hold the heater to the wall . Sent it back and have yet to hear about refund .
 If you want to use this in your bedroom , just forget it . Poor control of temperature.I had two of these in my bedroom last year , one turned on when the weather got colder whilethe other one stoped doing its job . I didnt sleep well any night using these items . Always shivered.I think its thermostat function is below standard . Dont buy this cheap thing . It can be only used inBathroom , i guess .
 I do n't know if we got a `` lemon '' of a fan , but it never worked right . We could only use it in medium heat and it would shut down after aprox . 5 min . On high it would not even last a minute . I just returned it .
 The hanging device on this does not work . Plastic - easily broken - flimsy . Since you have to hang this off of an electrical outlet this makes this product useless . The manufacturer should go back to the drawing board . I can think of a dozen ways to make this work better .
 It heats and installs just fine . However , I bought for the bathroom because it says has an outlet . The outlet is not a typical 2 prong kind , rather something that looks like a headphone outlet . Sorry I do n't know electrical terminology . Anyway , you ca n't plug anything into it as described . Waist of money .
 After reading the problems with mounting this heater , I will pass up buying it . I have a wall socket in my bathroom but it 's too close the the door frame for the complicated mounting this requires . I will buy a heater with a long cord and mount the heater -LRB- removable -RRB- on the back of the door .
 This is the 1st item ever in life I am returning from an Amazon purchase . Yes , it is true , this heater is not fully secure/stablized on the wall . When I phoned `` Grady Online '' , they refuted such a thing could ever happen and the customer rep was n't even close to pleasant . Customer svs . was lousier than the heater . I told them others had stated the same problem on Amazon Reviews , which this female rep conveniently did not address . So they are making me pay to return their dysfunctional product ! `` Grady 's Online '' needs to make a better product and hire better customer service reps. I ca n't wait to get my refund because it 's not worth it !
 This is a relatively inexpensive product but is so poorly engineered it was not worth the savings . For example it comes with a PLASTIC mounting bracket that is supposed to lock into a conventional duplex plug receptacle . It is so cheap and flimsy that it barely holds the fan unit in place . If you do n't use two hands , one to hold the fan housing and one to switch the unit on , the whole assembly falls of the wall !!!! Buy a stand alone VORTEX unit for a few more bucks .
 I would rate this with minuses if I could . I used it for a short period of time , perhaps 30 or so times at the most to top off my bathroom so I could shower comfortably . This morning I tried to use it and IT BURST INTO FLAMES ! SO glad I was standing right next to it when that happened ! It has never been dropped or kicked or damaged or mistreated in any way . I have used many electric space heaters and never had anything like this happen before . It stank up my whole apartment and would have burned it badly if I had turned it on and walked away . Thank God I did n't - with my daughter , her husband and two precious grandchildren right upstairs , I 'm so glad I did n't walk away from this horrible heater after I turned it on this morning !
 We purchased the Seabreeze Off the Wall Thermaflo Bathroom Heater and then returned it as useless for our purposes .1 . The product has a TWELVE-INCH CORD with instructions NOT to use an extension cord . You could use the product only in extremely limited circumstances and our bathroom does not fit those circumstances . The cord is ridiculously unusable for most practical purposes . Thumbs down .2 . Product installation requires completely covering a two-socket three-prong electrical outlet . Electrical outlets in our bathroom are FOUR-socket three-plug outlets ; i.e. , 2 two-socket outlets side by side and covered by a single face plate . Therefore , we can not install this product in our bathroom . Thumbs down.For us to use the product , I would have to install a new stand-alone two-plug three-prong outlet dedicated only to this heater , something I will not do considering the product 's other deficiencies . Thumbs down.I seriously fault Seabreeze and Amazon for not explaining these installation complexities in the product 's online advertising .
 This is a good product that does exactly what it 's supposed to do - heat a small bathroom . It hangs securely on the wall and fits well in a small space .
 In a winter home in Chicago , where the bathroom is chilly -- this takes about an hour to heat up to take a shower . Wayyyyy toooooo long for energy savings . Absurdly long . So I 'm replacing with another . Probably okay in a Florida or Arizona .
 this heater was easy to put on the wall the directions are good , but it only worked for one month , so now I have to send it back to the manufacture
 First , a bit of useful info for those of you considering this heater . It mounts to a standard 2-plug outlet . It has a plastic base plate that wraps around the normal wall plate for the outlet , and then that base plate is held in place by another plastic adapter that inserts into one of the two plugs on the outlet - you lock it in place and tension holds it all in place . Two issues with this :1 . It counts on the outlet wall plate being 2 3/4 '' wide . In the instructions it says this is ` Standard North American Width ' or something like that . Unfortunately , every single outlet in our house has a wall plate that is 3 '' wide . So measure the width of your outlet wall plate and either do n't order if yours is wider , or plan on picking up a 2 3/4 '' wide plate locally -LRB- they 're cheap -RRB- . Not sure why the heater could n't have included the correct width plate , or been designed to handle a different size plate .2 . The tension mount through the outlet prongs is tenuous at best . On a newer outlet it holds . If you have one of those older homes with a partially worn-out outlets that does n't hold on to a plug very well , then give up - there is no way there will be enough tension to hold this fan on.If you have a 2 3/4 '' wide outlet plate , and it 's new enough to allow the plastic bracket to hold , then you can use this heater . But why would you want to ? It 's junk . The entire heater is plastic , aside from the heating element . It sticks out from the wall about 5 '' , wobbily hanging on to the base plate . I got mine mounted and started it up . One fan blade rubbed against the side of the heater . Not enough to slow it down , but enough to make a noise , and enough to tell you this is a cheap device . In my case , the whole device ran for about 3 minutes - the heating element wires glowed orange , just like a toaster , I got some heat , and then it quit , and would n't run again . I am now in the process of returning it . +1 to Amazon for making returns easy at least.For $ 60 , I expected much , much better . This is about $ 2 worth of material . * MAYBE * for $ 10 this would be worth it , assuming it actually worked . As-is , it wins my personal ` ripoff of the year ' award , and my disgust for the device actually inspired me to log into Amazon and leave this review.So , be forewarned . Buy this and you 'll regret it !
 the blades were not that good . they wear out easy dull fast . would work on well -LRB- CURED -RRB- dried wood . What you get form lowes or Home depot is too wet for them .
 I was originally very impressed with this product , and it &#34; looked &#34; like it would work well & hold up , and was hoping it 'll do the trick . I was very careful to put it according to instructions , cleaned the area Very well first , walked over it many time to insure it 's stuck real well , even stayed off driveway & parked on the street for several days . I applied the product when it was mild & does not go below 60 overnight , and it held up nicely UNTIL the cold weather rolled in . Once it went below freezing , half of what I put on my driveway pealed right off . Very disappointed & will see if there 's a way to get my money back .
 I used this in several places ; it worked for a short while and then started to lift up causing people to trip over it ; removed it for safety sake and threw it away ; like having a piece of carpet that starts to roll up at the edges and goes bad thereafter
 I read the reviews before purchasing this product . Even though , I followed the directions completely . This product did not live up to reviews or expectations . It was a waste of money . Now , I 'm off to looking for something better , elsewhere .
 this product looks okay at best . I found it impossible to keep items interlocked while driving them into the ground . When you drive into ground via left or right side the other side comes out of the ground . This was very frustrating and too expensive for what it is !
 I do a lot of machine shop work therefore I have used many kinds of screw drivers . This set is value priced -LRB- ie . cheaper -RRB- . For occasional home use -LRB- ie . once every 6 months or so -RRB- , it is ok . If you use screw drivers more frequently than this , I suggest you look else where . First , the grips/handles are not good when applying lots of torque . They are made of smooth plastic and does n't provide a lot of friction . I often found my hands slipping when applying lots of force . Second , the shafts are round , not rectangular/square , which means when the application is really tough , you can not use a wrench as auxilliary handle for more torque . Thirdly , the screw drivers wear out fast . Especially the phillips -LRB- + shaped -RRB- . But I am sort of rough on tools , so the above opinions may not apply to you .
 These are very weak quality screwdrivers . You may expect a quality product from a company like Stanley but , thats not what you will receive . These drivers will bend like a gymnist with the slightest pressure .
 I do a lot of machine shop work therefore I have used many kinds of screw drivers . This set is value priced -LRB- ie . cheaper -RRB- . For occasional home use -LRB- ie . once every 6 months or so -RRB- , it is ok . If you use screw drivers more frequently than this , I suggest you look else where . First , the grips/handles are not good when applying lots of torque . They are made of smooth plastic and does n't provide a lot of friction . I often found my hands slipping when applying lots of force . Second , the shafts are round , not rectangular/square , which means when the application is really tough , you can not use a wrench as auxilliary handle for more torque . Thirdly , the screw drivers wear out fast . Especially the phillips -LRB- + shaped -RRB- . But I am sort of rough on tools , so the above opinions may not apply to you .
 I bought this set for my husband to remove links from his new watch band . The description says `` Jewelers '' set , but the packaging says `` Electronics '' . They are too big for jewerly use . It is probably a good quality set , but I wish the title for the item matched what it really is .
 I just wanted to change my watch battery , but it turns out that the Phillips # 0 is WAY too large for any kind of watch , which makes this purchase completely useless.I think it 's dishonest to call this a &#34; jewelers precision &#34; screwdriver set , when you can not even use it to change the battery of a Casio G-Shock -LRB- which is a pretty big watch -RRB- . I just ordered the &#34; Husky 8-in-1 Precision Screwdriver , &#34; which also includes Phillips # 00 and # 000 sizes.This set may be OK for laptops , though .
 Okay , but would have liked the set to have included a few more of smaller sizes . No driver small enough for the screws in my eye glass frames
 After finding this vent on Amazon . I ordered 6 of them . When they were delivered . The vents shipped had the same model # on them . But was a total differant vent . The one pictured mounts with a screw at each corner to mount them in the foundation . But the ones sent are for new construction . To be installed as the foundation is laid . I could now use them for my projectWitten Automatic Vnt . 304LGR Automatic Foundation VentilatorThis order ended up costing me $ 28.50 due to shipping charges not being refunded . This was totaly not my faultThat the product was misrepresented in the discription and picture on.Amazon . Should have got a full refund . No more orders to Amazon from me !!! Witten Automatic Vnt . 304LGR Automatic Foundation VentilatorUpdate 11/17/08 The Discription has been changed to say -LRB- for new construction -RRB- Which was not on the site when I ordered . The Picture shown is still not what you get if you order this vent.They can not get it right . So how can you trust them with an order ??????
 These drivers are meant for the housewife or student . The handles are designed for small hands and are not very comfortable . The finish is what you would expect from such an inexpensive set.I dont recommend this set for anyone with large hands or the serious tradesman.I use my set for punching , poking , prying open cans etc. . I refer to this set as utility and expendable.Why ruin the expensive stuff ?? If all your looking for is an every now and then light duty set then these WILL do the job . Now get out and tighten some screws
 Dowco 26038-00 Guardian Cover Alarm not loud enough to be heard inside the house . Sounds like a police siren . It would be better if it sounds like a growling Doberman and louder . Should have an additional features such as setting the lenght of time for the alarm siren to blare before automatically shutting it off and paging to notify that the alarm went off . Best defense would be the motorcycle alarm .
 To give you an idea of the size
 There is no description on the dimension of this product as well as the strength rating -LRB- 1000 or 2000 lbs -RRB- . The picture created a false impression of a much larger product . The actual size is about 3 inches . Bad description !!!! DE-STA-CO 323 Pull Action Latch Clamp with Threaded U-Bolt
 I have an earlier version of this compressor . It was an I-R , so I was confident I was getting a good machine . It broke down 4 months later.I called I-R and ordered the replacement part . They do n't service just the pump . You have to buy a new pump and guess what ? It 's $ 400 ! Do n't go waving the flag over this . Look at what Toyota did with the Tacoma issue . They offered all owners fair market value for their broken trucks - even though they were out of warranty . With I-R you just get a big repair bill .
 These are too light , too hard , too fragile and do n't nearly compare to other cushions which are more resilient , comfortable and durable . With others you may have to pay twice the price at a retail store but at least you will know ahead of time what you are buying and you will get much more for your money .
 This is a sorry piece of foam . As a previous reviewer said , they do leave impressions in your knees . Also , this product leaves the color of the foam on whatever it touches ... your knees , your clothes , your hands ... EVERYTHING ! Do n't buy them .
 I wanted to replace an aging kneeling cushion with this , but am disappointed with the quality . It is so lightweight , that it makes impressions where your knees are . It is also smaller than expected . Would have liked to know the exact dimensions before buying . I use it for gardening , and it is better than having nothing . For the price , this product should be considered close to disposable , as it wo n't last more than a few times .
 Other reviewers have said to get two of these pads because they 're thin ; I tried that and it was not satisfactory because they are too hard.I prefer the Black & Decker 1707 Deluxe 1-1/4 - Inch Thick Garden Kneeling Pad . You 'll only need one of those .
 This kneeling cushion was used for the sole purpose of gardening . The foam may be water resistant , but it is not very thick and your knees can feel the sticks underneath it . The foam does not have a protective coating like other kneeling pads I have used , and therefore it takes the shape of whatever it is sitting on -LRB- for instance your knees and sticks below your pad -RRB- . The kneeling pad could be improved for gardening ; therefore , I would not recommend this product for gardening .
 i feel the picture of these pads is deceiving . for this price of almost $ 7 i thought there would be 3 pads ; however , when i opened the box there was only one . i am very disapointed in this purchase .
 The picture showed 3 cushions in 3 different colors , at a price of about $ 7 . There was no ability when ordering to indicate the color , so I figured the $ 7 was for all 3 cushions . When the package arrived , I was very surprised to find only one cushion , a yellow one . I have no idea how they thought I 'd prefer the yellow color . I should have returned it for the $ 7 credit , but frankly the money was not enough to warrant taking the time . Stay away from this product !
 First off the picture makes it seem like you get 3 kneeling Cushions , but it ' only one.The cushion is thin and not worth the money at all , a towel under my knees would have worked better.Fiskars 9421 Large Ultra Light Kneeling Cushion -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB-
 Ordered for Klein screw driver and received a Vaco , I do n't know Vaco and Klein is the same company or not but I am sure the one shown on the web site is Klein because the tip is hardened . I wo n't order this if I know it is Vaco !
 Bought this butane soldering iron 16 months ago . Initially I was quite pleased and it worked great ! This past month I began to have trouble lighting it . -LRB- Could n't hear any gas . -RRB- After checking it , the butane was full . The next use I waa unable to light it . It was out of warranty and not working . Tried to find online support and wasted a lot of time ! Went to Home Depot and bought a butane soldering iron for $ 15 and it 's working great !
 Maybe a good product but this is a failed listing . Actually cube shaped 24 '' high , 23.25 '' deep and 23.25 '' wide . Be aware .
 the knob was the keyed version and would only turn one quarter and not open . by luck my wife turned the same direction as me at the precise time and we were able to get it open.not a good design . what would happen in an emergency?finish is scratched out of the box .
 My wife and I had a house fire 2 and 1/2 years ago and when they rebuilt all our locks and knobs were kwikset . Two days ago my wife went to the kitchen and made coffee and then came back to the bedroom . She had to call me as the hall door she had to pass through would n't open . I tried to open it from the other side but it was jammed.I 've taken out the door knobs but the bolt wo n't come out . I 've taken out the hinge pins but the door wo n't come out the hinge side cause of the way the hinge plates overlap . So I ca n't open the door.I called kwikset and he told me he would send me a new lock . He had no idea how I could get the door open . He wo n't pay for a contracter or locksmith to come to open the door . I told him I do n't want any more Kwikset hardware.So thanks to this wonderful quality closet/hall knob manufactured by Mr. Schoepe 's company ; in order to go from my bedroom to the main part of my house I have to open my garage door and then go around and in through the front door .
 Ordered for Klein screw driver and received a Vaco , I do n't know Vaco and Klein is the same company or not but I am sure the one shown on the web site is Klein because the tip is hardened . I wo n't order this if I know it is Vaco !
 I bought one of these to help me re-side the house . First , I am sold on using the shears vs the circular saw because of the dust . However , I have had three breakdowns on this shear , so I 'm going to try another brand -LRB- maybe Pacific ? , but $ $ , but it has high ratings -RRB- . The bolts that held the head together broke several times and I was able to find bolts that fit at my local hardware store . But now part of the head called the ` eccentric ' broke . On line the price is $ 68 - $ 79 for this small piece . I assume this must break often , because it is way out of line with all of the other parts , so I feel like I would be getting gouged for the $ . I 'd rather pay extra for another one than keep going down this road . By the way , I am only about 1/2 around the house at this point , so the ` heavy duty ' name for this tool leaves me questioning . I have been a faithful DeWalt user , but this tool 's performance had really disappointed me.For now , using a dusty saw in hot Florida ...
 shear worked well on the first 10 cuts , then the shear blade broke inside the head . Looked for a replacement part - cast iron blade the size of a pocket knife - cost $ 100 . since it broke in the first 30 days , I returned it to Amazon and got a full refund . I need a cement shear so will try the porter cable or another brand .
 Purchased this tool to reside my house with hardy plank siding . Side shear broke after only one side , rplacement $ 61 , looking at the break , it was obvious the blade was cracked when assembled . DeWalt says oh well ! Looking at other reviews , this is a common problem . Confirmed my resolve not to buy any more DeWalt tools .
 worked great when cutting on the back side of the hardie board . But 1/4 of the way through my siding job one of the bolts broke and the eccentric sleeve shattered . I have yet to find out how much the repairs will cost ? sounds like this is a common problem .
 I predominantly own Dewalt tools and when I found this tool online and ordered it without question after using my friend 's Makita shears . The tool worked great for two bathrooms and then the main cam gear that operates the shear movement literally broke off . I went online and ordered the new part and after one more bathroom the same thing happened . I 'm going for a Makita next as I do believe that this is a superior design over cutting the backer board . Do n't even buy it if you are just a weekend warrior and will probably only buy it and use it once . Sorry Dewalt , I still love you .
 Was n't surprised from the price , but some advice , dont waste your money . Going in the trash . Very poorly put together .
 This post looks great ! However , it comes with a wooden wedge that you are supposed to hammer into the ground and attach the post to it using the supplied screws . That wedge is a piece of pressure treated 2x3 that is too small to even fill one side of the post . So , it ends up being wobbly . I thought I would replace it with a piece of pressure-treated 4x4 post , but the plastic post is about a quarter inch too small in each of the dimensions -LRB- X and Y -RRB- to fit a 4x4 post . So , I had to cut the 4x4 down on a table saw to get it to fit . This mailbox turned out to be a pain for me due to all the work involved to get it to be sturdy . Even with the 4x4 crammed halfway up inside the plastic post , it feels like the top where the mailbox attaches gives some when I open and close the box . I am not sure how long this will last with all the plastic flex and UV damage over time.I think I would not buy this post again , even though it does look good . There has to be a sturdier and easier to install option than this post .
 The item that this company sent me , was not what I had ordered . They sent a completely different model . Which is pure Junk , and useless . I did n't bother to send it back due to the high cost of the shipping item . It just was n't worth my time and efforts and cost to return item just to get probably a wrong model a second time . Do n't waste your money on this item , or you will regreat it . I had to give it a one star , or I would n't be able to ost my review . Amazon.com , needs to make it possible to not add any stars , so future buyers can see when really bad revieew are placed.Dan Ryan
 The add for this tape states it 's easy to use - it is not!It 's basically a very overpriced , flimsy ribbon with no adhesive - you have to supply some kind of cement - additional cost and a big mess !
 I bought this because I wanted to apply heat to a stuck nut in a tight spot under the hood of my car . I was able to fill it up easily from a butane canister . However , it is very hard to light , in part because you have to twist a knob and press it at the same time . You ca n't light it with one hand . Even indoors it takes multiple tries to get a flame going ; outdoors in the cold -LRB- 40 degrees F -RRB- forget it - would n't light at all . When I lit it indoors , and then tried to carry it outdoors the least bit of wind would blow it out . I would not buy this tool again .
 This fan arrived with some screws missing -- maybe reconditioned ? I bougth it as `` new '' Got the missing screws at the harware store and mounted the fan . It had a very distinct/loud humming sound -LRB- not `` silent '' as Hunter claims -RRB- . It also wobbles badly even at medium speed , something that coud not be corrected even with the kit included . I notified Amazon and will be returning this item as `` defective '' .
 The name Hunter is supposed to be a reference in fans . Well this one did not live up to its reputation . Although installed by a qualified and experienced electrician , it only lasted three days . I am a very disappointed customer .
 I bought this Palermo and 2 Hunter Grand Isle fans at the same time for our 3 bedrooms , none were cheap , all have remotes . This fan 's light slightly flickers when turned OFF , so we have to turn off the wall switch too . Hunter does n't care . Now one of the Grand Isle fans blows light bulbs as fast as you can put them in . Hunter does n't care . They will be happy to sell me a $ 65 + shipping replacement light control board though . Wait , I thought Hunter Fans have a lifetime warranty ? Nope , only the fan motor is covered , silly me.Find something to do when you call them and are put on hold for over a half hour . Yup , just like everyone else says that calls them .
 I have bought 7 of these units from a wholesaler and installed it in my new home . The unit has good aesthetics and does look cool as mentioned by others . Had problem with 6 of the seven units with the remote control ability of the fan . The fan rotates its blade faster by itself and also turns `` on '' or `` off '' its lights when it is suppose to be off giving a feeling of a ` haunted '' home . Imagine when you have turned off the lights at night but then wake up to a room with fan lights shining on your eyes !! . The electronic circuit design engineer must have very basic design experience in the remote circuitry to prevent such type of false triggers . Imagine if this same guy worked for an alarm company , it will result in the closure of the company overnight!Called their technical support but was told to change to a different setting and I did what they want but the problem still persists . Tried to reach them again to hopefully get an updated and improved version -LRB- assuming that their latest product has improvements -RRB- but have got NO response yet to date . Will keep the die hard fans here updated .
 I installed four of these fans in my house 3 years ago . The remote control receiver unit inside the fan has stopped working on two of the four units . Please search the internet becasue many others have had the same problem . It is not a frquency setting issue
 Great price but installation instructions are poor . Light globe retainer / trim ring difficult to install . Light output is insufficient for my room .
 Since it is the winter time , I have not had the opportunity to use my fan , as of yet . But after installation , I tried it & was very disappointed with it 's performance at a reasonable speed . It shakes too much when on med . or high . The installer tried to balance with weights that were provided , but this did ` nt work . Not sure of what else to do .
 These fans , while cool looking , are an absolute horror to install . If you buy them , be prepared to exercise your patience to the max . They provide too many screws which are similarly sized with no clear direction as to their use . Even when you do figure out which ones to use where , they do n't go in correctly -LRB- especially in the ring around the light -RRB- ! The fan has to be one of the poorest I have installed from an engineering perspective . Once they are installed , they perform decently - they are quiet . However , had I known what a pain it was to do the installation , I would have purchased another brand altogether . For the price paid for these fans , I would say they are not worth it . Do n't say I did n't warn you .
 I 've had mine for 2 years when the receiver stopped working . I 've had this happen with other fans so it was not a big deal , but here is the problem
 Bought the Palermo because of its look and the hope that by avoiding a Home Depot/Lowe 's knock-off I would buy a superior product.The controls worked sporadically after installation - but getting a change in fan speed or light required dozens of button presses . Occasionally something would change - so the remote did communicate with the fan - but completely inconsistently.Trying different dipswitch settings and a different remote control accomplished nothing ; neither did changing relative position between the fan and I.Calls to customer care took much too long to answer - 45 minute hold times were my experience - after trying to leave a message -LRB- per the automated system direction -RRB- in a full mailbox meant going back into queue.The answer I finally received from customer service was `` your remote is experiencing interference . Not our problem . `` Without an alternate way to bypass the inferior quality remote control , and incredibly poor customer service support , I would strongly urge anyone looking for a fan to look elsewhere .
 I have two of these fans . One was installed hardwired with no wall switch to over-ride the controls . Unfortunately , as others have written , the remote does not always work . This has made turning the fan OFF very difficult . It once took me almost an hour to turn the fan off -LRB- pressing the off button once every 5 minutes -RRB- . Both of my fans have experienced this problem . It 's completely random . I went a solid 4 months with no issues . Then , when we had guests come over , I could not get the fan or light to turn on ! The wife wont ever turn the fan or light on for fear of not being able to turn it off at the end of the day.I have shut down all computers and televisions in the house and still was unable to get the remote to work . The complete randomness has made trouble shooting VERY difficult .
 Grizzly sells always non-expensive products . I do own couple of them . It is in fact
 Bit wore out very fast I purchased two of the items and they did not last long enough for me to complete the job , which was removing grout from counter top . I had to finish the job using a grout saw
 I attempted to use this bit to remove grout from a 2.5 x 3 ' shower stall with 3 '' floor tiles.After 15 minutes , the bit was completely gone -LRB- ground away -RRB- . I purchased another , and used it at a lower rpm ... . bad mistake . Again , the bit ground away quickly . $ 30 later -LRB- 2 bits -RRB- ... only 50 % of the shower was done . I had to finish it by hand.THIS PRODUCT SHOULD NOT BE ON THE MARKET . Do n't waste your money .
 I do n't know how they advanced the design of such a simple and basic tool , but whatever they did they need to undo . It failed to work out of the overabundant packaging . I tinkered with it , wiggled this , jiggled that , tried two or three different batteries and finally got it to kind of work i.e. you could see the light bulb filament illuminate if you squinted hard enough . However when I went to use it within a few days , it was useless . Some may contend I need counseling , but taking this thing by the tail and turning it into pieces provided the only modicum of satisfaction I got from it . I would n't recommend it to a casual acquaintance .
 Advanced Tool Design Model ATD-5513 Heavy Duty Circuit TesterNo instruction on or in the package . I assume a battery is required , but nothing noted . Did n't see any mention in the Amazon Description or specifications.Maybe I 'll have some luck returning it . Simpler to keep it for an ice pick?Herb
 No matter how much teflon tape I 've placed on this , it continues to leak from the back connected to the main faucet when I leave the water on to a mainline out to my garden and timer . The quick connects stay on for a moment then slip and begin to leak . I yanked them off and threw them away . I much prefer the dials to turn the water on and off , now if I could only get the rear of the thing to quit leaking .
 I bought this last summer to help me manage three separate drip irrigation systems . It worked pretty well last summer , with not much leaking . I drained it over the winter , and it was largely protected from the elements during this very , very mild winter we just had on the east coast . Imagine my surprise when I turn on the faucet this past weekend and the entire unit leaks across the back . The seam between the plastic on the entire back of the unit has apparently opened , so the unit is now worthless after basically one season of use . Very disappointing .
 I used the Black Decker twist paint roller last week and it took only a few seconds before it started to leak paint down the handle , which made clean up slow and difficult to get the dried paint out of the handle.The roller cover dropped lint and fuzz all over my walls that dried in the paint on the wall . It looks like my walls have fur on them .
 This product may have saved me some time in actual painting , but the cleanup was very messy and took much of my time savings away . I had difficulties getting the pieces apart during the cleanup and when they came apart , paint went everywhere . Also , paint kept coming out of places I just could not get to and I am wondering how well this will work the second or third time . One other criticism is that the mechanism to pull the paint from the can kept slipping in the can making it very difficult on refills -LRB- which are often . -RRB- .
 I was disappointed with the Black & Decker EZ Twist Paint Stick -- It took 1 1/2 `` fills '' just to prime the roller . Also had to refill the paint stick approximately the same number of times needed to refill a standard paint roller for the same-sized wall . The paint stick might be easier on an 8-foot ceiling -- would not have to go up & down a ladder -LRB- not any easier on my 10-foot ceilings -RRB- . HOMERIGHT C800660 PAINTSTICK EZ-TWIST BLACK&DECKER
 Exactly as described the first 1-2 times you use . After that , forget it ... typical of Sears products . Very messy and time consuming to clean . The latest debacle is that paint leaks out of the fill port on the stick . The `` troubleshooting '' section of directions
 I loved the product UNTIL it came to clean up . The end cap DOES NOT come off easily . After numerous attempts , the edge started to chip away , and my hand slipped and my thumb got jammed onto a broken edge . While I got replacement parts to fix the end cap -LRB- called a tune up kit -RRB- and clean up is not that simple . You ca n't properly clean inside the tube where the paint goes . I went a bought a similar item made by WAGNER ! This item has parts that screw on/off or pop on or off , and an attachment for your sink/hose to wash the roller where you slide the roller up and down while the water runs through and cleans the roller . To clean the paint tube , the bottom screws off so you have 2 open ends . Filling up the Black & Decker stick I had to `` suck '' the paint into the tube , the Wagner I got uses battery power to fill the tube and then disperse the paint . Over all the WAGNER does a BETTER JOB than the Black & Decker . I paid $ 43 incl . tax for the Wagner but the extra $ $ $ is worth it ! As I said RUN do n't walk away from Black & Decker ... RUN do n't walk to Wagner
 I have used paint sticks in the past with great results . Sure the cleanup is a little more involved than with the standard roller but the painting goes quicker and cleaner . Buy the standard paint stick and not the EZ Twist . The EZ Twist has a locking endcap that leaks , becomes loose and the roller starts popping off . What a mess ! I took the EZ Twist back to the store for a refund . I went to Sears and luckily they had the standard paint stick available . Sometimes you get what you pay for but sometimes you get something fancier that actually does n't work as well .
 Hey ! this one is not the one in the pic ! do n`t buy it if you want exactly the one pictured there ! this one has the flat part parallel to the rest of the screwdriver ...
 The picture doesnt match what is actually sent . They are actually all black handles and a different shape . If your looking for what is shown it is not this .
 Not too happy ! I ordered a combination blade but got a rip blade . I have some use for the rip blade so will keep it .
 The two phillips head screwdrivers are * not * as described . They are supposed to be -LRB- from the product description -RRB-
 These are not the ones shown in the picture . The set in the picture is the old style with hardened tips . I sent these back . Buy the Greenlee or Klein
 I would not know how to describe this item . I orderedit Aug 23 and it is now Oct 1st and it is not anywhereto be seen .
 This saw works well , yet less so than other light pullsaws I have -LRB- Bear Saw , Shark , etc. -RRB- . It has a nice , small size which is convenient for tighter spaces , but binds easily . The biggest issue is that replacement blades are hard to find -LRB- I have n't found one yet -RRB- . After the blade wears down there is yet another plastic waste-product to sit forever in a landfill.If you need a very small saw , this one is only ok . If you can do with a larger alternative with replacement blades I would suggest you do so .
 The saw is OK . It has worked adequately for my applications . But my blade is getting worn . Like others I have scoured the internet for blades . After opening a call with Stanley Tools I was provided the following link . -LSB- ... -RSB- I 'm not thrilled about the price .
 A nice little saw , that I have found very useful for flush cutting plugs and dowels . However I got here looking for a replacement blade and after not finding found that many others have a similar complaint . Obviously they are made , but apparently Stanley decided not to make them available . The one link to a replacement did not allow me to get to the shopping cart . I would rather pay more for a saw that you can get a replacement blade for than throw the handle away and buy another landfill piece of junk .
 The saw is O.K. , designed for easy replacement of the blade after it wears , but ... . GUESS WHAT ... . you ca n't get a replacement blade anywhere !! If you want a throw away tool , it 's fine . If you want a tool to keep , do n't buy it . Get one which has blade replacements available.Too bad , because I like the saw , but I wo n't buy another one . The handle can be recycled for use with a hacksaw blade if you 're creative . Better than throwing it away , I guess .
 Handy little saw to carry around in the tool caddy . Not as nice for trim work as either larger japanese -LRB- draw -RRB- style saws or traditional back-saws . But why ca n't we buy replacement blades ? It 's clearly designed for replaceable bldes with a large retainer screw . I now have two nice handles , about to become trash . I will not buy another .
 Yes , I have to echo the other reviewers and say that it does n't matter if the saw is good or not . Without EASY access to replacement blades , it 's a waste of money . In my case the blade bound up and snapped off at the handle on the 2nd use and I ca n't find a replacement blade .
 The flush cut saw is a good tool having a thin blade with in line teeth . The blade slips into very small crevices and cuts that last little bit of wood that you normally ca n't get at . Unfortunately , once the blade is worn the whole saw is expendable because of the replacement blade price . Stanley carries the blade and prices it at three-quarters of the tool price . If you add in shipping and handling from Stanley then you have paid the same price as a new saw . It 's a shame that the blades are not reasonably priced the same as hacksaw blades : -LRB-
 It 's an OK little saw . It has it 's place ... . BUT ... replacement blades are only available directly from Stanley . This saw handle & blade is now about $ 13 on Amazon . The replacement blade from Stanley is $ 8 . with shipping of $ 3 . So , go figure . It makes no sense . Since Stanley is being difficult and expensive -- here 's my suggestion
 Got these for the steps on our deck . After the first snowfall , they came off as soon as a shovel scraped them . There 's a paint at Home Depot that makes your steps less slippery . I 'll get that this spring . I 'd advise a prospective buyer to only use this product indoors , if at all .
 I would NOT recommend sticking these outdoors . They may work fine indoors but , they came off our steps the second morning they were on .
 I 've mounted 4 of these under our cabinets . They are nice and provide a nice level of light . However they do not even come close to lasting 40,000 hours .
 These lights are very well made , but badly engineered . The heat that they generate is captured within the fixture , which gets almost too warm to touch . The heat speeds up the degradation of the components and the lamps.For occasional use , they would be fine . And they look quite nice . For regular use , they are a terrible idea.I just began replacing a LOT of them that are used in display cabinets with LEDs ...
 I could not use the blade as the hub was to thick for my skil table saw , thickness of hub not given in specs .
 I was very dissappointed with this flashlight . It looks exactly like the Sears Craftsman Professional Lantern which I and my family members have several . That is why I purchased it . However , this lantern is not the same . The Craftsman is a true professional lantern with a sealed beam bulb -LRB- real glass -RRB- . Solvents and gasoline will not damage it . It wo n't scratch or discolor like plastic . It is very bright with a white color to the beam . It also projects very , very far . It 's truly the best flashlight I have ever owned.Disappointingly , the Dorcy Lantern has a regular Zenon flashlight bulb with a plastic reflector and lens . The beam is yellow compared to the Craftsman sealed beam , and is not as bright nor does it project as far . Unfortunately , for those of you looking for an excellent flashlight I am sad to say the the Craftsman Lantern is no longer available . I thought the Dorcy was an exact replacement , but I was fooled !
 I used this lantern quite a bit until the bulb burned out . It takes a Xenon 6 volt .975 amp bulb . Dorcy has them listed on their website in packs of two for $ 5.00 . The problem is that they sent a single 40 lumen LED replacement that performs miserably . I discarded the lantern and would not consider purchasing another Dorcy product .
 Not a fan of Dorsey products . Not sure why a simple product is designed and manufactured so poorly . It must be the bright yellow color and the sturdy look in the photo .
 When i got this lantern I seen it had a plastic lens , these are for toy flashlights.I replaced it with a sealed beam.I do not buy plastic lens flashlights unless glass lens are available.The xenon bulbs are also dimmer than halogens.I hate plastic lens in a flashlight , garbage .
 Everything worked fine for the first 2 weeks . Then the bulb burned out in the middle of the woods at 10pm . I had to use the light on my cellphone to get home safely . Very disappointing .
 I 'm tired of buying rechargeable flashlights that last 6 months . I read the reviews and thought this one may be better . it was n't . Six months later , the bulb blew , ca n't find one in stores anywhere . So now yet another flashlight for the trash .
 I just loved this lantern until the bulb blew out . I purchased the replacement bulb , it fit fine and was the right one . Well I spent three hours , then my husband spent a couple of hours trying to get this to work . We ended up throwing it away . It 's a plastic POS . Save your money and your sanity .
 3.5 '' was claimed but it was actually a larger 3.75 '' in diameter size so it wo n't fit on the 3.5 '' inner diameter hole that I have for the cleanout canister for the tub . Also , the picture was 3 years old , I found out from the manufacturer . Had to return it and buy another one from another supplier that the manufacturer recommended , that had the ability to supply one that fits better , namely a Sioux Chief 882-EB320 that has a diameter for 3.378 '' which is closer to the 3.5 '' specification I need .3.5 '' Clean Test Plug
 Product title days oudoor , but the Technical Details section says indoor use only . Which is it?Feel free to delete this review when the problem is fixed .
 I was disappointed with the product received . At first I beleived that the product was a `` second '' . I corresponded with Vermont American -LRB- Robert Bosch Tool Co -RRB- and they sent me others -LRB- free of charge -RRB- Upon receipt of the new bits I saw the difference .
 Ripped in half as soon as I tightened it around my Dewalt drill . I did n't even pull very hard , just enough for it not to come loose . The rubber is poor quality .
 These said USA on them in the website but they were not.I really got upset and I wont order these no more.They never corrected the website either.Buyer beware
 The set of nutdrivers I received were black in color and were made in China . Not worth the hassle of sending back . Will use until they inevitably strip , crack , or break , and then will search for some Made in USA nutdrivers .
 Old woodworkers never die , they just disappear one piece at a time.That is what may happen if you try to use this jig . It is flimsy , poorly engineered , and is quite dangerous . I envision personal injury plaintiff attorneys salivating like Pavlov 's dog over this device . There is no means by which to hold the workpiece against the side of the jig , requiring the user to hold the workpiece with the other hand . This places that hand in close proximity to the saw blade . A better design would have been to provide a flange beneath the workpiece and an adjustable toggle clamp on top to press the workpiece firmly in place . The user could then keep his/her hands on the handle and away from the blade . I attached a piece of 1/4 '' masonite to the bottom of mine to provide a flange , and added a much-needed toggle clamp.The jig is flimsy , and twists easily , causing uneven cuts . One must take particular care not to apply torsional pressure to it while cutting . The jig could have been made more robust . In fact , a good glass-filled plastic or polycarbonate design would have been more stable than the extruded aluminum.Do yourself a favor and make your own out of a couple 2x2s , some masonite board and a hinge.Cheers .
 This jig is dangerous . There is no way to clamp the workpiece to the jig . When you push the jig and workpiece through the saw blade , the saw blade wants to pull the workpiece away from the fence and into the blade . This is very unsafe . If you manually hold the workpiece against the fence your precious digits will be much too close to the blade .
 What can I say about a product supposedly made of steel that quite literally breaks in half when taken out of its box?I was going to use for the first time and was ready to asemble it , when I noticed that the two large sides sides had separated . It turns out the `` metal '' hinge between them had snapped right down the middle . The exposed surfaces had the texture of broken chalk and , obviously , this thing is just as brittle . Since I did n't exert any force on this thing and since I did n't hear any popping or cracking sound . I can only assume that it was package broken . I 'm getting my money back .
 Lots of people get caught up in gadgetry . Go to your local supply house -LRB- woodcraft ... -RRB- or stop by any furniture making shop and see how many of them have this in their shop . NONE all of these type jigs are junk and UNSAFE . As with many jigs you are better off making your own . It will be SAFER , more reliable and more consistent .
 Well , just like another reviewer here , the hinge on my taper jig cracked right in half . This is a cheaply made tool . I did n't find any particular problems with safety or cut quality , but just made cheaply.Look elsewhere .
 I 've had the same experience as others . I had n't even assembled/used the thing . The cheaply cast steel hinge was separated when I pulled the jig out of the box . Yikes .
 Should have splurged and got a Swiss card instead . I too did n't read finely enough and was surprised the LED lightbulb is RED . The knife came out very rough the first time and now wo n't even go in all the way . The scissors are n't sharp at all . Size is best part of it but you could practically get only a few uses out of it . I would be pretty bummed to get this as a gift , put it that way .
 I would pass on this product . 5 minutes after opening the box I regretted it as the knife is dull , and difficult to get out . The light switch is tough to move , and I needed to use pliers to get the scissors out . Perhaps it will loosen over time , but there are much better products out there .
 This drain is very good looking and matches my Kohler cast iron sink perfectly , but after merely eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- months of use it is chipping and looks very bad . It started with a pin-prick size chip three -LRB- 3 -RRB- months ago and now is about 1mm by about 10mm . My husband and myself are the only people who live in this house and I am the only person who washes dishes . I put a silicone mat in the bottom of the sink when I wash the dishes so that I do n't scratch the enamel . I can not see how the scratch on the drain was caused by negligence or abuse on my part . I am quite dissatisfied with this product considering the very high price I paid for it .
 This knife is good for the one time do-it-yourselfersfor finishing a basement however for the 20 year or betterdrywall finisher there are products that are better suited.More light-weight knives that offer better handling for thefull time everyday drywall person .
 This knife is good for the one time do-it-yourselfersfor finishing a basement however for the 20 year or betterdrywall finisher there are products that are better suited.More light-weight knives that offer better handling for thefull time everyday drywall person .
 This knife is good for the one time do-it-yourselfersfor finishing a basement however for the 20 year or betterdrywall finisher there are products that are better suited.More light-weight knives that offer better handling for thefull time everyday drywall person .
 I was careful to make sure that the shaft diameter was listed as 1/2 '' , but the item I received had a shaft diameter of just slightly over 3/8 '' . I could have purchased another brand of a similar item for much less . I thought I was paying a little more for something more robust , so I was left disappointed . In fact , I purchased another nearly identical item made by Hyde on the same order , and the same thing occurred with it -- the product description clearly states the shaft being 1/2 '' diameter , but it turned out to be exactly 3/8 '' .
 I saw this tape being used in a video and thought it would be a good idea to protect our new deck . Ozbo , the company that sells the tape on Amazon , was great to work with and got the tape to me quickly . What I did n't realize at the time is that the main function of the tape is to provide a barrier between pressure treated wood and zinc containing fasteners , which in the presence of water result in a chemical reaction that is one of the primary causes of corrosion and wood rot . Simply using stainless steel and/or galvanized fittings eliminates this problem and is certainly a cheaper solution . It took me an entire day to tape a 575 sq. ft. deck and after two days the tape is peeling up in several spots -LRB- even after I used a laminate roller to firmly press the tape down -RRB- . The contractor that is doing the job said that he has never used the product and it was the first time that he has seen it used . Even the inspector for our township had only seen it used one other time and thought it was overkill . Admittedly , the tape will repel water and prevent the wood from getting wet between the decking and will certainly help protect the deck but in my opinion it is not worth the money and time spent on the project . Bottom line is use stainless steel fittings on pressure treated wood and save yourself an entire day of work .
 I ordered an extension and i just opened it up after a month of sitting in my garage and the pole was bent . you could clearly see that it had some kind of defect . maybe this is what the company puts out when they dont have to see their customers face to face .
 I still have many carpentry tools new in boxes after leaving the trade . While preparing to do some work on my house one week end , I needed a level . I found a new Stanley 42-125 level , unused in original box , in my garage . Unfortunately all the bubbles in the four plumb vials were barely filled with fluid . There were no signs of leakage in the cardboard box which still appeared new and undamaged . I stopped at Lowe 's , Home Depot , and then four hardware stores , which deal in Stanley Tools looking for the `` Vials easily replaced with no adjustment needed `` parts . All the vendors did not stock replacement vials nor did they express an interest in finding them . Now , my dad retired from the Stanley Works twenty years ago so all the tools I usedwere Stanley including power tools . It 's disapointing to have anything new come out of the box broken , but extremely frustrating to spend a day looking for replacement parts that are probably sitting on shelves in Georgia or North Carolina.I guess the bottom line is look at it before you buy it .
 I would give this fan 4 , maybe even 5 stars , if the included wall control was remotely intelligent , but it pisses me off every time I use this fan , so it seriously takes away from my overall enjoyment of it . Let me just start off describing the wall control unit
 I bought this wet saw thinking it 'd be like every other bridge saw I 've used , where the saw can be pulled across but also raises and lowers to accommodate for cutting different-sized materials . Not so with this one . The available cutting spaces is only 1-1/2 '' , which is fine for tiles but not so much for folks with 2-1/4 '' bricks . I 've found a workaround , though . If you replace the -LRB- 6mm -RRB- bolts which hold the bridge onto the table with longer bolts -LRB- a _ minimum _ of 50mm , go for 75mm fully-threaded bolts -LRB- you 'll need four -RRB- if you can find them -RRB- and add a few 10mm nuts to allow you to raise and lower the bridge , you can increase the cutting space to 2-1/4 '' and beyond . You 'll lose the angular cutting functionality when the saw is lifted , but that 's a small price to pay.I have nothing new to add about the wheels , which are misplaced and do n't work very well.The legs , fold down and are anchored in place by angle brackets which attach over little buttons . They 're difficult to get on and off , and even worse , when transporting the saw , the brackets hang down and make it difficult to lower the saw onto the ground.In order to unfold the legs , you have to rest the saw on its side , however there is no rubber bumper to prevent the weight of the saw from doing damage to the stuff on its side . Also , once the leg is extended , you have to pivot the weight of the entire saw on the two extended legs , and I 'm fairly positive that it 's not going to survive this for too many uses.I had the same issue with the pump ... tapping it does n't even restart it sometimes ... I have to disassemble the thing while the saw is running , and push on the pump 's internal paddles like I 'm priming a flywheel . Considering that it 's only a 60gph fountain pump , you might be able to find a $ 10 submersible pump to replace this one.Finally , the parts that house the 8 '' non-standard blade are fully detachable from the saw 's motor . I would n't recommend running this saw without its protective housing , however you _ can _ order the 10 '' housing as a replacement part for QEP 's larger wet saw from QEP , providing you with the ability to use a standard 10 '' blade instead.All in all , the saw , as delivered , is junk for my purposes , however with only a few modifications it 's equivalent to QEP 's larger , more expensive bridge saws . Since you 're probably not as desperate as I was to find an inexpensive masonry saw , I 'd recommend that you find a different saw for cutting your bricks .
 I worked for 2 years at Home Depot in the flooring department , and had experience with several different tile saws . As a woodworker , I 've used a sliding compound miter saw and radial arm saw . When I saw this `` bridge '' saw , the idea of it appealed to me because it was similar to those woodworking tools . I liked that it could cut 18 '' tiles on the diagonal . The comparable `` traditional '' style could only cut 14 '' . I have 6 rooms to tile in my new house , so I went ahead and bought a saw . I had problems with this one from the beginning.It features a laser guidance system that I was NEVER able to calibrate , and therefore never used . It 's obviously a hack add-on , powered by a AA or AAA battery . It is impossible to line up , but obviously a feature they 're proud enough of to put on the outside of the box.The deck of the saw is made up of extruded aluminum strips , which are not level . The vibration from the saw and lack of support of the tile from these aluminum strips was breaking literally half of the tiles I tried to cut.Because of the motion of pulling the saw blade across the tile instead of pushing the tile against the blade , the blade would deflect and cut into the extruded aluminum deck -LRB- also cutting the tile crooked -RRB- . The cheap plastic miter gauge is not true , and diagonal cuts were never straight . The adjustment knob allowed the miter gauge to slip . Even when used in a 90-degree configuration , its flimsy construction made cutting uniform strips impossible -LRB- I was cutting a 1-1/4 '' decorative strip -RRB- . I even tried clamping a speed square to the deck to get the miter cuts to work , which worked better.There is an expanded metal shelf that rests in the middle . This shelf has angle `` hooks '' to keep it in place . However , they hook on the inside of the legs , instead of the outside . While moving the saw , the shelf falls off , and I have injured myself TWICE because of this , making a huge bruise on my shin and hurting my foot very badly with the weight of the heavy shelf.And the other user is correct , the wheels are just badly designed . They do n't work . The ONLY time they were useful were if you folded the legs up into the body of the saw , then you could use the handle to roll the saw . However , I think most people would want to move it around the room with the saw assembled.You also ca n't find blades at any home improvement store chain . It takes an odd size that Depot and Lowe 's do n't carry.The idea of this saw is a good one , but the implementation is really bad . I would recommend purchasing a larger traditional-style tile saw and skip this one altogether . I returned mine and bought the 2-HP QEP professional saw ... well worth the difference in price .
 I literally kicked the saw over and ended up throwing it away after only two uses -LRB- Yes it got me that mad -RRB- ... . The deck vibrates so violently , that I was loosing about 1 out of every 2 tiles ... The vibration would snap my tiles as I got about 1/2 way through the cut ... The tiles that made it all the way through the cut were only because I had to hold down the tile and move the saw at a pace that took over a 1 minute per cut ... That 's ridiculous ... . Save your money ... If you plan on cutting a lot of tile find something else ...
 I read all the positive reviews and was happy with my choice . After reading some of the 30 positive reviews I knew it was a good saw for the money but had the feeling I 'd need to upgrade the blade.Under technical details and product description reads that it includes a 10 inch blade . In the section `` What other items do customers buy after viewing this item ? '' section it lists a dewalt saw blade . I bought both . *** IMPORTANT !!! - This saw does not take a 10 '' blade !!!!! I know it 's not the fault of the product itself but this saw came all torn and tattered and the packing foam inside was rusty like it sat in water . The housing was damaged and the pan had multiple cracks in it . I had to send it back .
 After reading all the reviews for tile saws , I decided to buy this one . The bad news started when the UPS driver delivered it to the door by flipping it end over end and bouncing it on the driveway . After unpacking there were a few minor dings . The big flaw with the saw was that the back of the blade face -LRB- replace blade immediately as it is a piece of junk -RRB- was binding on the slat in the cutting table that runs parallel to the blade . So the blade would not turn . I called QEP and they told me how to align the rip fence , obviously clueless about the saw.My simple fix was to put a washer behind the blade arbor to push it out 1/8 '' . Now it works fine . I do n't think I should have to compensate for a manufacturer 's design flaws , hence the 2 stars
 My family bought this saw for me as a father 's day present . I needed to complete 3 different projects at home , a craft room , the kitchen and a bathroom . I used it once and had nothing but problems it broke half of every porcelain tile I tried to cut on it . It rattled the tiles so much on the metal base base that it either chipped , cracked or broke every tile I tried to cut . I had to barrow my brother-in-laws tile cutter again to do the project . I had to cut my squares in half diagonally . I wish my family had bought me that model and brand . The Tile Director by Felker . The QEP 83200 24-Inch Bridge Tile Saw with Water Pump and Stand is simply not worth the money or frustration .
 We purchased this saw to make dead accurate rips on 36 '' tile . It failed . We tried crosscuts on 24 '' tile and had blade runout of almost a 1/4 '' This might be a fine tolerance for a DIY'er or a client who is not picky . We have zero joint lines and this machine ruined several hundred dollars in tile before we stopped the operator . I tried several blades , none inexpensive and had the runout problem with all . It seems that the arbor bends the further the saw gets into a cut .
 I have stuggled with this saw for 4 days and it still is junk !!!! First the QEP people told me that I put the blade on wrong , so they ran me through that , still would not cut without major chipping , so then I decide to buy a new blade , that did not work either . The bride that the saw is to move smoothly on does not , and the thing chips every tile , and sometimes it will stop while I am cutting through . Do not buy !!!!
 This item is not packaged well and will probably have dents . The pump did not work . The motor shipping bolt pushed into the motor housing and damaged at least the cooling fins . The 85 pounds is too much for UPS . The saw blade is 8 inches and not the 10 inches listed in the description .
 If you ca n't buy it locally , do n't buy it ! I ordered this saw twice . The first time I received it , the box had a hole in it and the water tray was broken . I shipped it back and ordered a replacement . When the replacement was received , the box was in good condition , but the water tray was broken again ! Amazon was very good and expedient in both transactions . Since I could not find the saw at my local stores , I ended up buying another saw locally .
 I had 2 Goldblatts for over 30 years until they finally wore out . I automatically ordered another Goldblatt . . Big mistake ! I had modified the first 2 guns with a PVC 45 bend so the guns worked better for ceilings . This new gun has a &#34; rubber seal &#34; where the gun meets the hopper . The hopper is impossible to keep on the gun , even with the clamp provided . They have changed the size of the hopper and gun just enough so a PVC 45 ell no longer fits . The gun is OK for walls , but not worth a darn for ceilings because of the improper angle you have to hold the gun at to get the mud to flow to the gun . In 6 texture jobs , the hopper came off the gun 6 times . Such a nice mess when it does ! I cut my finger trying to clean the inside of the gun due to sharp casting edges left in the gun . This appears to be a cheap Chinese mess .
 In short : This is the most poorly designed , badly assembled and misleadingly advertised product that I have ever had the misfortune to own . I am building a house in Hong Kong -LRB- do n't even think about trying to do that , by the way -RRB- . I ordered this product by mail and after a single use I air-mailed it personally to the skip outside my house . What a disgraceful piece of junk.The embarrassing detailLet 's look at the advertised product features : * &#34; 3/2-Inch and 1/8-Inch nozzles &#34; Nope . Only came with one nozzle and no spares . The instruction paper also reckoned there should be two nozzles included but still , only one in the gun . The maker does sell the nozzle in the parts replacement kit . Note to maker
 This item is not a Stanley brand as advertized , also when I look into the gun part there was obvious residue of drywall ; so the item is not a Stanley and also it is not new . Sending back for full refund . Other buyers beware .
 In less than one year from installation the faucet wo n't switch from spray to stream . I contacted Price Pfister and they wanted $ 86 for a part to fix it .
 I am a do it yourself person and usually ends up with tools for every project . The project for which this was purchased was putting in 30 can lights throughout our house . Looking back at it , I should have gone with something that can cut holes quickly and without creating a mess ... anyway ... this tool is good for marking a circle in the drywall but it does n't have the ability to cut all the way through . I ended up using a drywall saw on every hole . Useless tool in my opinion .
 I am a carpenter by trade , and unlike the previous 2 star reviews , I am well aware that this tool is n't meant to cut clean through drywall , rather it is meant to score the paper face of the drywall to make the final cut nice and clean.My complaint about this product is what I can only assume comes from a lack of product quality control . The adjustment knob that locks the pin is incredibly stiff -LRB- to the point that I had to use a set of vice grips to loosen it -RRB- . Additionally , the adjustment knob is shaped similar to a flying saucer and the edge of the ` saucer ' is very sharp . On other circle cutters I have used , the outside edge of the knob is similar to the edge of a quarter , and the ribbed edge seems to make it significantly easier to make quick adjustments .
 I liked the idea of using this to cut holes in my ceiling to install in-ceiling speakers . But this tool is very hard to us and it barely cuts through the sheet rock . You really have to push up on it hard and it still hardly cuts through . I do not recommend this . I had much better luck using a roto-zip tool and bit .
 This drain is very good looking and matches my Kohler cast iron sink perfectly , but after merely eight -LRB- 8 -RRB- months of use it is chipping and looks very bad . It started with a pin-prick size chip three -LRB- 3 -RRB- months ago and now is about 1mm by about 10mm . My husband and myself are the only people who live in this house and I am the only person who washes dishes . I put a silicone mat in the bottom of the sink when I wash the dishes so that I do n't scratch the enamel . I can not see how the scratch on the drain was caused by negligence or abuse on my part . I am quite dissatisfied with this product considering the very high price I paid for it .
 I just received my mud pan and one of the blades had fallen out before I had even taken it out of the box . I will glue it back together but that 's pretty sad . I gave it an extra pitty star since it is so cheap .
 The level is nicely appointed , brass-edges , 6 accurate bubbles ; however , I can not recommend it.As noted in the Product Description , the bubble vials are replaceable . The first vial failed within a year and now I have only two remaining bubbles . And , the only place offering replacements is Stanley at $ 3.35 per bubble plus tax plus shipping . At the rate that these bubble vials fail , I could buy this level several times over.Note
 I had three of these for my shower . I wish I would have had the EZ Caulk attachment because it was next to impossible to get out once it was 1/2 gone . Even so , it was the same product insideWhen first starting a tube , it flows nicely and is easy to work . However , after the first 1/2 tube it goes south.The sealant begins setting in the tube , making it very difficult to get out . When it does get out , it is stiff and will not spread properly . The only thing you can do at this point to obtain a smooth finish is open another tube.And once down to 3/4 gone , throw it away because you can squeeze until your hands fall asleep - it 's not going to flow and even if it does it is not workable.I do n't know about durability or the mold resistance yet , but I would n't buy this again . I 'm not a fan of squeeze caulk , yet I have never had any trouble with the sealant setting within an hour while still in the tube.On the very limited positive side , it was odorless and worked easily for the first few minutes . It was also easy to wash from my hands , which were covered from all the attempts at re-work .
 Approximately three years ago I replaced a 15 year old low end aluminum I-beam level with the Stanley 42-347 . I 'll readilly admit to having been impressed by it 's rugged good looks at what appeared to be a very affordable price . BIG MISTAKE ! Within a matter of a few months I lost the use of one of the level bubbles . It miracously grew to twice it 's original size . No problem , I still had a second bubble , although that bubble did seem to have a little trouble staying within it 's lines . Well , to make a long story short , within a few more months I lost the use of five of the six bubbles . All had grown well beyond the confines of their lines . Being a resourcefull yankee , I actually made accomodations for the level 's inadequacies and put up with this foolishness - until the quality of my work began to suffer.During the short life of this tool , it was never abused in any way . I 'm a crafstman with a reputation for quality . I own tools that range in age from brand new , to close to one hunderd years old . I never observed liquid seeping from any of the vials but they all went bad in short order . Realizing that Stanley is entitled to an occasional mistake , I 've kept my eyes open for replacement vials for their obviously defective tool . No luck ! Meanwhile I 'm back to using my old , but still reliable , aluminum level . The `` disposable Stanley '' hangs comfortabley in it 's case . Not a total loss , it still looks nice and I do yank it out every once in a while for use as a straight edge .
 I too purchased one of these fine looking levels . I used it only a few times since I 'm not a professional tradesman ! My bubbles have also grown increasingly longer . One vial only has a few drops of liquid left in it . There is no sign of leakage ! The liquid is just gone.As the other reviewer states , replacement vials are impossible to find!SHAME ON YOU STANLY TOOLS!You might get 2 years out of it before the vials start to dry up but that will be about it !
 Although I did not buy my Stanley 42-347 48 '' Mason Level from Amazon , I will review the level here for others to see . -LRB- btw ... Amazon is great ! -RRB- I have owned my Stanley 42-347 for about 15 years ... bought around 1998 -LRB- ? -RRB- from either Home Depot or Lowes -LRB- ca n't remember -RRB- . I have used it only a few times . The last time I used it was probably 10 years ago . It sat quietly in it 's yellow plastic case in my heated and air conditioned shop until I picked it up the other day -LRB- Feb 2013 -RRB- to use it , and noticed that all of the leveling viles have lost all their color -LRB- now clear fluid -RRB- and lost -LRB- evaporated ? -RRB- much of the fluid in all 6 viles such that the tool is useless . Ok , I was surprised by this especially because it is a Stanley and I think of Stanley as affordable quality , and this is not a cheap plastic level . I went online to the Stanley Customer Care site . Their site said it was under warranty for life for manufactures defects , which this problem is . I called the Customer Care number listed on the web site -LRB- 800-262-2161 -RRB- . After poking trough a few questions , the message told me to call -LRB- 800-567-7199 -RRB- , so I did . After poking through a few more questions , another recorded message told me to call ... -LRB- 800-567-7199 -RRB- . Geez ... the message told me to call the same number that I was already connected to . The irony is that both phone numbers told me that the call was being recorded for quality review . Really ... for quality ?? Ok , not to give up , I went to the Stanley on-line catalog . I found the level and the replacement viles . This level takes 2 pair of the short 1.3 '' viles and 1 pair on the 2 '' viles . Oops ... but wait ... they are all out of stock . -LRB- My guess is that the replacement viles evaporated to ! -RRB- Anyway , I have succumbed to the frustration of `` STANLEY 'S NO CUSTOMER SERVICE '' and will throw this very nice looking wooden piece of crap away . For now , I will have to use my Dad 's 2 foot ` Sears Craftsman ' level ... which by the way is over 50 years old ... and still ticking ! This experience has greatly changed my opinion of Stanley . -LRB- With my frustration peaked here , I am trying to leave out a flurry of expletives in this review . Stanley , clean up your act , especially in your Customer care area ... geez . -RRB-
 I purchased this chalk box thinking that it was a good buy from a good company . I have n't had any other problems with other tools from Stanley , this was a lemon ! Chalk does n't rewind easily , and gets tangled regularly . The biggest pain is being a fulltime construction worker , it sits in my tool belt all day ... and lets out chalk like somebody opened a faucet ! Do not buy this chalk line for anything ! I have since replaced it with a Irwin chalk box , and have been much happier . Stay away from this lemon !
 The item i ordered was red , and the one i received was yellow . That would have been okay , except that this level had no measurement markings , although it is exactly 4ft long . It is not very useful without inch markings .
 This is the worst ceiling paint I have ever used . It is very `` drippy '' -LRB- most ceiling paint is formulated to be somewhat less splattery than regular paint , this was far more splattery than the wall paint -RRB- . It has extremely POOR coverage . It is supposed to be a one coat paint . I primed , and then did 2 coats , and it still does not have even coverage . I used an entire can on around 100 sq. feet . I am getting a refund . Avoid Valspar paints , they are complete and utter rubbish .
 I needed an inexpensive level to hang some things on my wall -LRB- already had a problem with trying in place a wall mounted mirror without one -RRB- . The quality seems like it would be okay for my purposes but its inaccurate . It was showing that all of my surfaces were uneven -LRB- I checked with like ten different surfaces -RRB- . And when I flipped it onto the other side it was even more uneven .
 I will start-off by saying that I REALLY , REALLY wanted to like this product.I purchased this at a national hardware retailer about 6 months ago , and I ca n't say enough just how much I regret this purchase ; it has been nothing but a headache . If I could rate it below ONE STAR , I would.See this link , or cut and paste
 When you turn it one direction vs the other , it does not agree with itself , which means it 's off by a bit .
 I used this product while laying out a new deck . I was able to get pretty close but on long spans -LRB- my longest is 36 ' -RRB- I ended up being off and had a hard time getting it just right . I would recommend a line level for small projects but either spend the money or rent a transit for big jobs that need to be level .
 I bought this as the rachet and the blade was the only one shipped I do n't own the cutter so ca n't use the blade that cost 30 dollars scam
 This looks like your grandpa 's awl , so it has to be good , right ? Wrong . Sure , it has a wood handle and a nice feel , but right where it counts - the point at the end of the steel shaft - the softness of the steel become apparent . I 've had mine for years but I 've had to literally re-straighten out the point using pliers . It re-bends easy enough and gets sort-of true , but every time I use this thing I think why did n't I just by a better one ? A construction nail is harder than this .
 Chinese made , not made in the USA . Stanley has outsourced many of its production lines , and this one is now included .
 I do not recommend this awl . There are better ones out there . I had an older stanley that was great until I lost it on a job . The `` steel '' is weak and I doubt it will last . Point was not machined properly at the tip ... I had to grind it a little to form a point .
 The tape they send you IS NOT THE CONTRACTOR GRADE that appear in the picture . it is still the Max steel but does n't have the red rectangle . that indicate is a contractor grade , an make it much durable an better I still keep it because returns take weeks and who has the time ?
 Even though the title says contractor grade , this tape is not contractor grade ! It is the same one you can buy at the same price at your local hardware store and not have to pay shipping . Do not be fooled like I was .
 Here we are in the 21st century and I can barely find a wireless doorbell system that offers more than one AC-powered multiple doorbell . I do n't need more than one doorbell button , but I DO need more than one doorbell . I may be in the far end of the house , away from the main doorbell . I need more than one doorbell ! I 'm mighty disappointed .
 My complaint about the tape has more to do with the lack of correct advertising . The tape that one receives is not the Contractor Grade Stanley , but the Chrome PowerLock tape . This is very frustrating to expect one thing and receive another .
 The item we received is not what is pictured on the item description . The shipping was terrible . It took a month to get 10 tapes and it was split into 3 shipments . TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE Customer Service . Never again .
 As an electrician , I used this tape measure every workday for pipe installation . Within two months of purchasing this tape ... , the blade broke at the 7 '' mark . Stanley should have a warranty on this tape ...
 I am a construction superintendant for a pool company . I use my tape for quick measurements maybe 5-10 times a day . This tape was great for about a week , then is started to get sticky . After another week it split lengthwise and caused a pretty nice cut on my finger when it was retracting.I thought this was a good deal , I learned my lesson and will be going back to the more expensive tapes .
 I was just measuring a property line that was 60 ' and the measuring tape came out of the holder . Cheap product .
 This is a Stanley popular ruler . No stars rating needed -LRB- either 1 to 5 -RRB- What I am writing here is Amazon mis-inform . The ruler is 3/4 '' blade -LRB- not 1/2 '' blade -RRB- . So it is bulky to carry around for just a short measurement .
 I did use this tape one time ... No abuse just love and care ... Stanley 33-425 Powerlock 25-Foot by 1-Inch Measuring Tape is a bad product . The spring of the tape does not work ... When you open the Measuring Tape it is written on the plastic spool
 I bought this tape measure for my husband for Christmas . It was a very good price for a name brand , quality -LRB- I thought -RRB- product.It does n't lock into place . Yes it 's a tape measure but the powerlock does n't ! VERY Sorry I bought this .
 Normal high-quality Stanley workmanship did n't apply to my tape . The first time I extended it to its full 25 feet , the blade literally fell off , the spring motor unwound , and now I 'm left with a $ 12 paperweight . Stanley needs to work on their engineering for this tape to prevent the tape from so easily separating itself from the spring motor . Maybe it was n't assembled correctly to start ? Strange , I have n't encountered this phenomenon with any other steel tape measurer .
 I purchased this tape measure 3 days ago and the tape measure lock broke on me ! It was brand new and I only used it 2 times without any abuse or wear . Founded out that Stanley does n't cover in their warranty the plastic locking device but rather the tape instead . I 'm so disappointed in Stanley ... I wo n't even consider buying their tape measures ever again !
 I had used one of these tapes for quite a few years , and was very satisfied . But recently , when I was extending it fully to measure a deck , `` sproing ! '' the tape fell off , and when I took it apart , it seemed the spring had failed as well.So I went out and bought another one , thinking the first had just exceeded its lifetime . The second time I used the new one , fully extending it , the tape fell off . Taking this one apart , it looks as though the metal piece that is supposed to lock with the tape end had broken off , although the spring still appears to be functional . Other reviewers report similar problems . So now I do n't know whether to try again with this tape or try another brand .
 Not sure what 's cheaper , myself wanting to pay $ 10 for a 25ft measuring tape - or the chromed plastic imitation that this thing is made of.My 5 yr old used it for a few minutes and the ` chrome ' is all scratched . I doubt this will survive falling on the floor.It should say plastic on the product description .
 This is a totally useless product . Even though the description says it works up to 100 ' , it really only works within a 5 ' range . And even at this short distance , it does n't work consistently . Sometime yes , sometimes no . I needed it to turn on an outdoor fountain and landscape lights . It does me no god if I have to walk within 5 ' of the outlet to get it to work .
 I would have gave it 0 stars if I could . The thing almost never worked , then I ended up throwing the thing away .
 This is a very finicky product , often does n't work at all , or only if you get within 10 ' . Might as well turn on your electronics by hand .
 I am surprised that a Stanley Product would be made so cheaply.The black locking lever on the bottom has a very weak hinge point , and breaks with very little use.I have thrown away -LRB- recycled -RRB- four of these so far . I used the last one -LRB- brand new -RRB- for less than two weeks.I think I am going to start buying my products from local stores.Returns on Amazon are next to impossible , and a waste of time !
 Length :
 The weight of the faucet shuts the water off . You have to have it fully extended full blast or nothing . If you want to just turn the water on lightly , no luck with this faucet - the faucet handle will just slowly descend from it 's own weight until your water shuts off . From a review I read elsewhere , apparently Price Pfister knows about this problem but is still selling this borderline useless product . Amazing .
 On the plus side , I do like the look of this faucet . I was looking for a single handle faucet with an easy switch to spray and this one 's pretty.On the negative side , and it 's a huge negative ... `` what they said . '' Every single review says the same thing and they 're all correct . I really did n't think to read reviews before buying a faucet , kinda figured that manufacturers had gotten the whole `` open spout , exit water , close spout , stop water '' thing down . Not PF ! As mentioned before , the water has to be completely on full throttle in order to have the water STAY on . Goodness help you if you happen to knock a spoon or a bowl right under that stream - you 'll be drying off the walls and the counter for a while . It 's happened to me several times.We contacted Price Pfister and they sent us a `` brass retainer nut , '' but unfortunately , it did n't come with any instructions . I 'm about to go try to install it and wo n't be surprised if the faucet works fine after it 's installed , but why should I have to do this ? Why not recall all of the faucets and put the nut in and then send them back out to be sold ? My opinion of this manufacturer is tarnished for good.Update April 4th - Installation was not difficult once I found the correct page within the PF site -LRB- doing a search for the part number did n't work -RRB- , and although it 's better , it still turns off every so often . I 'll learn to live with it , but wo n't be looking towards PF in the future when it 's time to install new fixtures .
 Unfortunatley I did not thoroughly research this product before purchasing it and I am having the same problem where the weight of the faucet handle turns the water off . I purchased this faucet at Home Depot and am extremely disappointed that they would offer such a dismal product . Point forward I will be shopping online and scouring the customer reviews .
 Same problem here . Handle 's too heavy . Now husband wants to throttle me . Hey , I installed it ! What 's he crying about ? Just because you have to have the water fully ON or the handle drops and shuts everything off ... Jeez . There 's the sponge ! Wash those walls down , honey ! Again!Won ' t buy Price Pfister again . PPf should recall this product or provide a free fix .
 While I do n't have this exact model kitchen faucet , I 've been trying to work with it for over two years and am ready to scream . We did a kitchen rehab and I picked my Price Pfister because it looked so nice ... and a week after it was installed , I had to order a part due to the diverter not working . Hardly any water would come out of the faucet . The side spray worked fine , but not the faucet . The next problem -- and current one -- is that the handle drops unless the water is on full force . According to the Price Pfister site , I need to replace the retainer nut . I say `` nuts '' to all this and will never purchase this brand again .
 Agree with all of the other reviews about the design flaws - and then , the hose , unbeknownst to me , began springing small leaks under the sink . Finally , one sprung at the neck and I called a plumber - too late . I had inches of standing water under my sink , sprung a leak in the basement ceiling , and grew mold . Stay away from this product .
 This faucet always drips after it is turned off . We have replaced cartridges and even replaced the entire unit ! Pfister sent us a brand new one after I complained many times , and hoping the original was bad my husband suffered through another install . In addition to the dripping , it shuts off if the water pressure is too low . Sometimes it will drip randomly , even when it has n't been used for a bit . I would not buy this product , it is poorly made and wastes water .
 This is yet another product of so many that are produced every year that will just end up in a landfill . Price Pfister is now on my list of brands to avoid as well . It does n't work as described and has many faults . It is also not 100 % stainless steel , but instead has areas of `` SS '' colored plastic.Here are the issues I 've had with mine .1 - Full On or Off . No in-between . The faucet lever falls down or closed if it 's positioned anywhere other than on full blast . That means if you just want to rinse a dish with a little water and you need to use both hands , you ca n't position the flow on low , as the lever will fall down and turn the unit back off . I 've tried positioning it in every mid point , and no matter what it does the same and just falls down cutting off the flow of water .2 - Soap dispenser - the grey tab popped off the front . Useless . Soap leaks from the nozzle after you pump it . So much leaks out that it creates a puddle of soap on the counter .3 - Aerator/Shower switch - when you first turn the water on it 's always stuck in the middle position , mixing the shower with the aerator . And if you 're trying to rinse dishes and save water , that means you ca n't have a low flow of water on with the setting you 've chosen , because the lever shuts off , and in turn resets the switch so that it 's in the middle again .
 I purchased and installed my Price Pfister Genesis faucet a year ago . Two days ago I looked under my sink to get some dish soap when I noticed water was accumulating on the bottom of my cabinet . Water was dripping down the copper pipes of the faucet and the bottom of the cabinet was warping . I called Price Pfister and learned that the cartridge in the faucet needed replacement . I asked if it was common to have a part malfunction after only a year . The rep told me it can happen at any time . She told me she would have a replacement cartridge sent to my home with no charge . She also told me she would send a brass cartridge to replace the plastic one that came with the faucet . Obviously , the plastic cartridge was used to save money for the company at my expense . It will take a week for the new cartridge to arrive . I am having to bring down water from my upstairs bathroom in a stock pot to wash dishes . Nightmare to say the least . No more Price Pfister products in my home in the future . I should have done my homework and checked for reviews before I purchased this product .
 I bought at home depot about 3months ago , and the lever just drops down on its own unless you have the water full blast ... I plan to just take back to home depot and buy another brand . . I dont have the time to deal with a company that puts out product below par on the market . Also very bad design on mounting the faucet onto counter top . . very tiny nut and hard to grab and tighten properly ... stick to american standard or kholer brand ... hope this helps
 I bought this faucet as a replacement for the same model faucet . I had received good service from the original for about 6 or 7 years . The replacement soap dispenser was cheaply made and did n't work at all . The faucet was brushed chrome instead of the polished chrome I expected -LRB- the information on the faucet did not disclose that -RRB- . And while the faucet works ok it tends to drip more than it should when turned off . I get the sense that it wo n't last long .
 We installed one of these in May of 2005 , and in less than three years of service three different problems have arisen :1 . The rubber gizmo on the tip of the soap dispenser fell off and was lost .2 . The spray switch on the faucet head wo n't go from spray to stream by itself . You have to pry off the rubber cover and lift it up with your fingernail .3 . The handle wo n't stay up . In fact , the handle wo n't even stay on the faucet . -LRB- At least now the water stays on , which it would n't with the handle on . -RRB- All in all , a poorly-designed , cheaply-made & flimsy product . Stay away .
 I almost laughed at my plumber when he told me the reason my water shuts off on its own was because the handle was TOO HEAVY ! Apparently , he was n't lying to me . Many other Price Pfister owners have the same problem!Is it true ? Is the reason my water turns off on me because the handle is too heavy ? Wow , and does Price Pfister know this and still sell the item ? More time and money spent on a faulty product !
 I would give this less than one star if I could . The water has to be on full blast in order to keep the faucet from turning off due to it 's weight . Now that I have spent money having it put in , and more money having it adjusted , to no avail , I will have to spend again to replace it . I am very displeased with this product and will not be tempted to purchase another Price Pfister faucet .
 I was so excited when I remodeled my kithen and I found what I thought was the perfect faucet . It was the Price Pfister pull brushed stainless . Looked great . But pressure through this faucet sucks . I even exchanged the pull out thinking there was something wrong with it . I have cleaned the screens , nothing works ... now I have to buy a new one to get enough pressure to wash down the sink . Pressure is so low the sprayer does n't do anything but dribble .
 Bought this from Lowes . I did n't install it for a few months or it would have gone back to the store . I ca n't find a receipt , so it will just get thrown away . I could have saved a trip to the store and just thrown the money in the trash . And of course , it was n't inexpensive , so you 'd think it would be worth something . The hot water cuts out and unless the thing is turned up full blast , it turns itself off . I 'm one of those quiet customers that will never buy another Price Pfister product again , and will tell everyone I know what crap this is . . so congrats to this company . . ya saved a few cents and lost another customer .
 Not counting for the current issue of having sprung a leak in the pull out faucet , we have had 2 major issues :1 . The handle dropping down to the off position .2 . The soap dispenser spitting out the rubber tip.For each of these issues , when we called Price Pfister , they sent replacement parts at no cost . The handle repair appears to have fixed the problem . The soap dispenser still spat out the rubber tip along with the soap when we dispensed soap , so we do not use the soap dispenser.I do feel the fact that they send the replacement parts under lifetime warranty is a boost in the positive direction . I 'm not going to hold my breath on the most recent issue , but , if I get that part replaced at no cost , I will report back .
 I have had this particular faucet now for a few years and could not resist the opportunity to write a review . I will say up front that all the replacement parts were free under the PF Warranty . I called them with the problem and they sent a part quickly , so I will say the customer service was very good - no questions or hesitation to satisfy the problems and ship replacement parts.I have had all the problems mentioned in other reviews . I have replaced numerous cartridges because it shut off by itself and also had the leak underneath , and only by a process of elimination was I able to determine it was another `` bad '' cartridge . The tip of the soap dispenser came off very soon after installation so I cleaned it thoroughly and epoxy glued it in place . It has not come out since . Low water pressure and the diverter control for the spray has always been a problem , but I just figured it was a `` water saver '' feature . Not too long ago the water pressure , which was supposed to be 2 1/2 gallons per min. , dropped precipitously and nothing I did would change it . Another call to PF and another part replaced -LRB- with a very cordial customer service rep. and no cost to me -RRB- . Would I recommend this particular model to anyone else ? NO WAY !!! -LRB- Unless you relish the idea of consistently tinkering with it to figure what has gone wrong and enjoy speaking to the very cordial customer service reps. for your replacement parts -RRB- I have friends and relatives that have different models of PF faucets and do not have problems . I think it is this particular model , and I feel as some others that when you consistently call PF for replacement parts , they at a certain point should recognize they have a lemon on the market and offer a comparable replacement.My unit still looks good , and as long as it holds up cosmetically and does not cost me out of pocket , I will continue to repair . The first penny out of pocket and it gets replaced with another brand .
 I 've got the same floppy handle problem as many other posters . I 've contacted Pfister and they just sent three new parts under warranty -LRB- a new ring , cartridge and handle -RRB- . Faucets purchased after 1 January 1997 are covered by a lifetime warranty . The parts were easy to install.This is all thanks to the brick & mortar plumbing supply house I first called
 The item is described in two separate areas as being made of a die cast metal case . This is not true . It is chrome plated . I brought this to Amazon 's attention and got the brush off . This will be my last purchase from Amazon .
 The item description said it had a metal die cast case . What I received was a plastic crome coated case . I am a big fan of the old original die cast metal because they were almost indistructable and I would not have ordered this item if they had correctly described it ! I feel like I 've been misled .
 I am a buyer for a small manufacturing plant . Unfortunately , this item does not last long enough in a commercial setting . We prefer Stanley 's 33-512 , but they discontinued that item . Should be good enough for home use , but not good enough in a manufacturing setting where it is used several times five days per week .
 I bought this tape measure before moving into my new apartment , and it worked great at first . Very sturdy-feeling , and nice and compact . After a mere 4-5 weeks of moderate use -LRB- just a few times for furniture placement -RRB- , the locking mechanism no longer locks on this tape measure , rendering it nearly useless . How ironic that they call this shoddy product `` power-lock '' ! If only they made them like they did in the good old days . Do not buy this poorly-made tape measure . I expected more from a supposed quality name like Stanley !
 I should n't have expected much for the price , however , I would like to give the advice to others that are interested . . do n't waste your dollars on this one ! Spend a few more bucks to get better quality . The saying is true to this item , you get what you pay for !
 I received this product for Christmas and was disappointed . The product description provided is wrong . The ruler is regular steel colored with black etched markings , not `` Unique high visibility black blade with deep etchings filled with yellow paint '' . At first I thought they might have just shipped the wrong version , but it came with clear marked package labeled with the model # 46-123 . Yes , the square works but it is n't nearly as easy to read as I had anticipated . I 'm very disappointed .
 Being brought up on Stanley hand tools , I purchased this model combination square as a replacement for my old rusty combination square . I should have looked it over more carefully before I brought it up to the register . The base of the blade being painted yellow was the first that attracted me to this square . I use a combination square quite a lot but it is also the tool that I mislay more than any other tool . I figured that I would less likely mislay this square because of its coloring . The rest of the square was a disappointment . The ruler is not very well polished and the edges are rough . You can definitely tell that the ruler was stamped out by the tapered dimples on both ends . The included scribe relies on its tapered fit to remain snug in the base . My old Stanley scribe was threaded and I knew that it would never fall out . I am not so sure about this model 's scribe . And speaking of falling out , the lock not fell out when I removed the ruler for examination . What happened to Stanley 's quality ? I guess the brand name is supposed to be good enough that the tool quality no longer matters . I purchased a six-inch Mayes combination square that I plan on using with my band saw , router , and table saw adjustments . It was made in China and I am sorry to say , it was 100 % better quality than the English-made Stanley square . Even the base was machine polished unlike the Stanley 's base . If you get a chance , put your hands on this Stanley square before you buy it and you decide for yourself it Stanley lost their craftmanship . Also remember that you can paint the base on just about any combination square base any color you want so you do not need to make its color the sole reason for purchasing this square .
 My wife had one of these and I used it for some rough construction work outside . It was not perfectly square but it was close enough for building a fence . The level was so far out of plumb so as to be useless . Besides , it broke when I knocked it off my bench . The blade came out , the holding pin was lost , so it ca n't ever be used as a square again . For less money , you can buy the Empire `` pro '' square , which , although it is no Starrett , is still accurate and much more robust . I keep the Starrett inside my shop . The empire is in the traveling toolbox . The old Stanley blade will make a great scraper or paint-can opener .
 I will be returning this as the flanges at the 90 degree end were ground off and that would make it useless for my purposes . I liked the bright markings which is why I ordered it , but when it 's not square everywhere it needs to be it 'll have to go back .
 The plasma ball was definitely small . It was also slightly cracked . These things are very delicate . Lastly , it does n't give off as much light as the picture says . It 's actually quite dim .
 Packaging was pitiful . No padding , just a box inside a box . I 'm surprised the glass was n't broken . Plugged it in and nothing ... it really sucked considering it was delivered on Christmas Eve day and was suppose to be a Christmas present for my daughter . It would have arrived earlier if it had n't sat as an unprepared order for 4 days ... which sucked even more considering I placed the order with 2 day shipping.Seriously , what good is 2 day shipping if the order sits for 4 days with the vendor before it is shipped ? Do they look at it and procrastinate or do they just not check their orders ? Had it been shipped within 24 hours of the order being placed there would have been time to correct the situation but that was n't the case and so a defective item was shipped and poorly packaged and there was no time to fix the situation.Thanks guys . Very appreciated . To make matters worse , my ex asked if I had gotten the item because if I had n't , she was going to go to the local mall and pick one up . So I told her I had it ordered and not to worry about it ... and then I got to hear about it from her when she asked our daughter if she liked the Plasma Ball and babygirl told her she did n't get one . You got ta love being put in that position on the first Christmas after a divorce . Do n't even ask how to rectify this . Just send a return label .
 The square was not manufactured to the described specifications . My square did not have the black etched blade with yellow in the etch marks . It had a plain steel blade with printed on markings . These things are going to wear off . I do not recommend this square for this reason . I do n't know why the description on the website is wrong . I guess Stanely has recently changed the design . The square otherwise was just ok . Not perfectly square and a little rough sliding . I buffed the blade a little to get it to slide . I started to file the body to square it up but stopped when I saw the blade changed square when I flipped it over . If I flip it around I can find one side that makes the thing pretty square when checked on the inside square but not to good on the outside square . Flipping it the otherway makes it pretty square on the outside square but not so good on the inside . I have to put some thought into how to remedy this .
 I installed this product in 2006 to be a primary security motion light above my garage . Intended use was to provide subdued light for the driveway and show a presence if it detected motion . Design was neat , compact and appeared durable with the lights secured in a water tight case . The installation was straight forward and directions were easy to follow . I rented the house in 2007 and in December 2011 returned to find the light not functioning . I purchased 2 replacement bulbs and took them up on the roof for replacement . I found small set screws that held the bulb housing in place . Great idea to keep them in place but I had to make a second trip down the ladder for more tools . The first set screw came out easily enough , allowing me to replace the burned out bulb . The second set screw was stuck causing me to snap the tip of my small screw driver . I ended up removing the entire fixture to work on that set screw rather than lying on the roof hanging over the edge to work . I took the fixture to the garage to spray the set screw and never did get it to budge . While waiting for the oil to loosen the screw I noticed the paint was starting to peel on the unit . I still have yet to remove the screw to replace the second bulb but have considered replacing the entire unit with a different design.The look of the Zenith unit was the best feature and when it was working it worked fine . The difficulty replacing bulbs , the corroded set screw , and peeling paint moved this product from a 5 star down to a 2 . If I can get the screw removed and bulb replaced I will continue to use it and hope the brains are still operating correctly . If you do buy this unit new , remove the set screws , and apply some anti-seize grease to the set screw . It might be a good idea to spray some Rustolium to the parts aluminum that are exposed to prevent corrosion . Or look for a better designed/built system.For outdoor use in easily accessible locations , this product , being a bit maintenance intensive , will provide 3-5 years of service .
 I installed this light , ran test as per instructions , put all my tools away , then left home being glad that upon my return later I would have light to help me choose the correct door key . After dark , upon returning home , the light would not come on but the led flashed indicating it was seeing movement . It did not respond to the switch either . After 30 minutes of troubleshooting , and reading the manual , it mysteriously came on with the switch but would not turn off automatically . It is now back in its box ready for return . What a disappointment to spend the time on this light ; I wish , in addition to swapping the light or refunding my money , that I could get something for the time I spent on the installation .
 I am an electrician and when I found this light I thought it was a Godsend . It is a really nice looking light . Unfortunately I have returned no less then 5 to the store because the motion sensor does n't work . I had to go through 7 fixtures to find 2 that worked . I will never use these lights again . On a side note , I had a friend of mine call me up to find out why the flood lights he just installed were not working . Same light . I told him to return it and find a new one .
 The lights have gone out and there is no way to replace them without completely dismantling the light . I am not pleased with this fixture and will not purchase another one ever !!! BAD FIXTURE .
 so the guy that originally put in my security light outside over my garage is no longer a neighbor and moved out of state so I decided after the flood in my house I needed a way to cool down the garage a bit and turn half of it into a room where we could store some stuff - so we had a fan installed IN the garage only to find out that we did n't have a nuetral wire for the security light outside over my garage - Now I can ' find a owner 's manual for it ... sad - ca n't find it in the house or on the internet ...
 My wife wants these insecurity lights . I put up 5 of them . Over the last 5 years I 've had to replace all of them at least once . Sometimes they just flash or go out on their own . If the power goes out then they might or might not come on again correctly . I loathe the awful Heath lights and would take them all down if I could .
 I bought 3 of these last summer and now only one works , and it comes on all the time by itself . I figure the sensors are faulty , the light comes on even in bright sunlight at noon , and sometimes just decides to stay on all day . I absolutly despise this company now and will never purchase another thing from them seeing that I have tried 2 other Heath Zenith models as well . NO GOOD !
 This thing is activated by wind , rain , snow - you name it . It 's on most of the time unless I shut it off manually , as a result . Called customer service and was told very firmly that this could not be happening . `` It 's not built to do that , ma'am , '' or some such nonsense . I 'm never buying anything made by this company again .
 This light eats bulbs . I am on my 4th set on a little over a year . Yesterday I replaced a bulb and the socket tarted smoking and the entire fixture us very hot to touch . Also the light does n't ever turn off . Do n't buy this light !!!
 The motion detector went out after only two sets of bulbs in these lights . Given not only the cost of the light but the cost of having an electrician install it , I 'm furious . Avoid this light at all costs - looks nice , but is a piece of junk .
 The markings were punched in roughly 1/16 off from the corners , so it is impossible to make precise measurements . I should have just visited a hardware store to be sure the tool would n't just cause headaches .
 This carpenter 's square would be fine if only both arms lay in the same plane , but the packaging did n't protect the long arm against bending . I 've straightened it out well enough for the job at hand -LRB- assembling shelves -RRB- but if I expected to need it for more than this job , I would return it .
 Forgets the time and date often -LRB- which is a problem inasmuch as the whole point of a programmable thermostat is based on time and date -RRB- ... and does so for no appearant reason.After 1 < service it threw up an error code and died.Bought another brand -LRB- non-programmable -RRB- and i 'm pleasedWould not buy this one again .
 I purchased the Hunter # 44110 from Lowes hardware May 1 , 2007 . The first control , which was replaced within weeks , did not hold the temperature set for a given period . In other words , if set to AC to come on at 80 , the reading could be much highter without it having turned the AC on . Same for the heat . If set to say 76 , the reading could be much lower without it having turned the heat on . Did n't experience this problem through testing the setting with the second Hunter right away but now the same situation is being experienced . I do not recommend this particular control module by model number .
 This product was great for a week but has n't worked since . The thermostat wo n't cool my house anymore . I even had the A/C guys out here twice b/c I thought my A/C unit was broken . It 's not . I 'll set the temp . at 75 degrees and the temp . in the house will read 83 . It 'll maybe cool the house to 80 . It 's never cool in our house anymore . Also , the display does n't light up . I ca n't recommend this product .
 I 've replaced two of these . The way the thermostat snaps into its base is a bad design . It does n't necessarily make good contact with the base . Our fan would come on , but not the rest of the AC . They 're controlled by separate wires , one made contact the other did n't . If I pushed on the thermostat with my thumb , the AC comes on until I let go.There is no reason to buy a defective design . Other brands have similarly priced similarly featured units without the removable thermostat that might not turn the AC fully on .
 I do not like this thermostat at all . At my other home , we had a Honeywell which was much easier to use . I wish I had gone with a Honeywell this time .
 I was , to say the least , very disappointed when I received this Stanley try square . I am aware that Stanley does n't make any tools in this country anymore but I thought that they would maintain their standards on over seas manufacturing . Boy , was I wrong . To begin with the blade was so thin that it would obviously not remain flat for very long . The incremental etchings on the blade were so shallowy etched that I am sure they would be illegible within a year and the finish on the blade still showed signs of heavy sanding running perpedicular to the blades edge . Sorry Stanley , regardless of where you have them made you should have a little more pride in the products that carry your once proud name .
 For 7 bucks you ca n't expect a high quality product even if it 's Stanley branded . This square DOES N'T have metric scale !!! Only English scale , so I wasted my money . This fact is n't mentioned in the product title nor in the description . They mention `` Available in English , English/Metric and Metric '' but the title just says `` Stanley 46-222 Combination Square '' with no reference of which scale this square is . Better , I will buy a Starrett square from my local store , which is much better than Stanley and they do n't cheat customers .
 These lights suck , They stay on all night . I paid electrician to put up all new lights on entire house and these are horrible . I bought them ahead of time and now its past the 30 days of return . I never thought that all of them would suck so bad . I now have to take them down and buy new one and pay electrician to put new ones up again . I will never buy this brand again . FFFFFFFFF rating , DO NOT BUY
 I know the selection out there for motion-sensing lights is limited , but I would NOT recommend considering this flimsy and poorly manufactured security light . It is really poor quality , even by Chinese-made standards . Within a year of purchase I need to replace it due to one of the two light towers failing . Not the bulb ... but something has gone wrong with the internal components . The sensor never really worked all that well from day one . I truly regret not returning it and wasting $ 50 on this embarrassment of a product . The only positive thing I can say is that installation was easy as pie .
 I bought these lights , two sets of them , and have never been able to get them to work properly . I 've tried all settings and they always end up staying on all night . You can set them for the minimum sensitivity and to only stay on for 5 minutes and after turning on and off for about two times , then they stay on all night . The dual bright feature is just about worthless as I think even air movement turns them to the bright setting . I would not buy these for a motion sensing light . I have another type of motion sensing light made by Heath Zenith that is a minimum of 10 yrs old and they work perfectly and always have . That 's why I thought these would be good , but they 're not .
 This review is aimed at helping people who live in very hot climates as I do . Where I live it is very hot during the day and cools down about 20 degrees to the days high temp . This seems to make this light not work as it should . Any little breeze and the light turns on . I tried adjusting this thing at every angle , every range , lights up , lights down , with no success . What I ca n't believe is that this light will detect any little wind , but it wo n't detect me . Perhaps this is due to the fact this light does not detect motion but changes in ambient temperature . So , if you live in a hot climate like me , I would avoid this light . Waste of time and money.For everybody else I will say , installation was very easy and these lights are very bright . I love the Dual Bright setting . Seems like it would save a lot of energy . Too bad it did n't work in my climate .
 This light is WAY too sensitive . I adjusted it to `` MIN '' and it was still going off constantly throughout the night . The next day I adjusted the angle of the sensor and the lights . It made no difference . There is nothing but trees and bushes behind our house where the light was set up . I took it back to the store and bought the Heath Zenith SL-5408 and it is working fine . The downsides of the SL-5408 are that it only provides 110 degrees of monitoring vs 260 , it does not include the bulbs , and the detection range is shorter .
 I bought 4 of these and 2 single 250w , all with motions detectors ; the dual 150ws had the `` dual bright '' feature . I installed them and the ones over my garage go on and stay on all night . If you download the instructions and look over all the Q & A , there is a hidden defect not mentioned in the instructions . its called induction . Its available on the Heath web site , but only after searching quite a bit . Only there does it explain that if you have any compact florescent lights ; regular forescent lights ; a garade door opener ; anything with a motor ; anything with a coil ; these lights do not work ; will go on and stay on all night . I had an electrician install these pull the power , put in boxes , etc. at substantial cost ; now I find they are just consuming power -LRB- a lot -RRB- and not turning on and off with movement . So , I have had to turn them off . Again , this defect is not mentioned on the box or in the insturctions . They let you get about $ 300 of work done to get frustrated ; then discover the `` problem '' on their web site ; but there is no solution . The only solution is to pull power from a circuit without any florescent lights ; motors ; coils ; etc. sure wish I knew this before I had the electricians out twice . With CFLs all the rage ; unless you create a new circuit , you are very likely to have a florescent or coil or somthing else in your circuit . So , buyer beware . Keep your receipt and return them . I 'm now on a search for lights without the secret induction flaw . Update several months later . I 've tired to get some solution other than having these replaced by an electirican through contacting Heath Zenith but I get no response . Anyone finding similar lights without an induction problem , please post names or models so that others can see solutions also . I am still looking . I have now had them replaced with a different model from the same company . I will post that model . It does not have the dual bright feature that appears to cause these lights to be sensitive to the induction problem . What I also like about the new ones is that they take regular screw in light bulbs and I have put LEDs flood or spot lights in them and they work fine . The original model also was a problem because the 250 or 150 watt bulbs were very small and you had to get up on a ladder with a screwdriver to open the bulb protecting fixture and carefully remove and replace the old bulbs . With the new model I use one of those big yellow sticks on which I can insert the flood light and can change the bulbs -LRB- some do not have the LEDs -RRB- easily without having to get up as high or use a screwdriver . The replacement model I bought is Heath Zenith SL-5412-BZ-D 300-Watt Motion-Sensing Twin Security Light , Bronze . The only difference is the 5412 vs 5512 in the model but you will see when you click on the image it takes the standard spot and flood lights and not the hard to install quartz bulbs . This other model is less expensive under $ 30 . The Rabs mentioned in the comments to my comment are over $ 100 and look like exceptional lights if you need even more protection from other interference but these other ones have worked fine so far for me . However I am stuck with the prior ones which are sitting in a heap in my garage .
 This light has a lot of potential , but misses by a long shot because of a very serious design flaw . The light will misbehave and eventually fail if it is installed on any circuit that has a device containing a coil . Such devices would include fluorescent lights -LRB- including CFLs -RRB- , motors -LRB- like a ceiling fan -RRB- , battery charger , transformer , and , most importantly , a GFCI . Since any outdoor circuit should be protected by a GFCI , the light is basically useless.This is a shame because otherwise it is a nice light . It produces a very even light distribution , it is very sensitive to movement and the dual light intensity setting is very convenient.I installed my light on a circuit that also had a GFCI protected outlet , and the light continuously malfunctioned . When I removed the GFCI from the circuit the light performed as advertised . Unfortunately , I need the GFCI on that circuit and every circuit in my home has at least one coil containing device . I imagine that other homes will suffer the same consequences eventually , given the U.S. proposed ban on incandescent bulbs.I contacted the manufacturer and they were very forthright about the problem and indicated to me that there is no `` fix '' available other than to install the light on an `` incandescent only '' circuit . This flaw is apparently only associated with lights that have the `` dual intensity '' or the `` bulb saver '' features . Their traditional motion detecting lights are n't effected.So sadly , I 'll be returning it .
 When I moved into my house , there was a Rab motion sensing light already installed above the garage . It must have been up for many years , and only lasted a few years more after I took occupancy . I purchased model SWL 5512 of the Heath Zenith line in Home Depot . They do n't carry Rab , or , at least , I did not find any at that time . I guess that was about 2006 . I kept the instruction booklet , so I am quite certain of the model number . Last month , the sensor defaulted so I bought the exact same model number , again at Home Depot . I ultimately learned that what I previously bought in 2006 was the older model SS 5512 . What an electrician installed now was the same model -- only , I came to learn , was before the intelligentsia at Heath Zenith `` improved '' it with some ridiculous DualBrite garbage feature.Well , as so many , many here have said , it did not illuminate after dark . It detected motion by flicking red , but the flood/laser lights did not illuminate . Back comes the electrician . Nothing wrong with the circuit , the switch -- must be the light . I returned it -- got the same model -- same thing happened . It would not light up after dark . I called the company.I learned that this new and improved -LRB- ! -RRB- model needs it own circuit , independent of anything else , and that there were many , many complaints about it . Just like the many complaints here . It will never light up if it is sharing any kind of fuse , circuit with anything else . Unbelievable ! The somewhat vexed representative/technician told me to send back the SL 5512 and he would send me model SL 5514 , the same light in all aspects , but without the ridiculous , inane DualBrite feature.Back comes the electrician . Of course , I had to pay again . The SS 5514 was installed . It worked . It detects motion after dark . Just what I want it to do -- nothing more , nothing less . I am not going to bother writing a review of the SL 5514 , but it 's fine.So , be warned . Do NOT buy a Heath Zenith SL 5512 motion sensing light .
 Most specifically , thanks go to jdcwestlake . His review saved me a lot of aggravation . I can only imagine the frustration of installing this light -LRB- normally a pretty a simple task -RRB- , only to find out that it would never turn off.I have a ceiling fan on the same circuit as the outdoor light switch . Jdcwestlake 's -LRB- and others -RRB- pain is our gain . I had already ordered this before I read the reviews thoroughly , so I returned it before I opened it and I purchased the `` Heath Zenith SL-4132-MW Bayside Mission Style 150-Degree Motion Sensing Decorative Security Light '' . These are your basic outdoor wall lights -LRB- not flood lights -RRB- , made by the same company . I installed them and they work great.The one feature I like a lot about the lights made by Heath Zenith is the override switch . By hitting the wall switch off and on , the light stays on all night and resets itself the next day . And Heath Zenith has tons of lights available that do this.The reason that THIS light will not work with a ceiling fan -LRB- or many other items that are on the same circuit like CFL , or coiled motors -RRB- is that the light has two power levels . Most lights do not have this feature.So , you can pretty much buy any other light and not have the problem associated with this light . And after intensive research on their website , I was finally able to confirm everything jdcwestlake said . That 's one of the great things about Amazon , customers sharing their reviews and feedback .
 I 've had this installed over 2 years . Shoddy build and poor customer service . It never turned off after the preset time . After about 6 months one of the lights stopped working . It seems like the setting switches are there for show and dont actually do anything . Dont buy , its not a good value .
 I bought one unit from Amazon , installed it and it worked fine for a few days and then started to act very poorly after a day of rain and wind . I ordered a 2nd unit , as I needed one , and figured that the first light must be a defective unit.I called the company -LRB- Heath -RRB- technical rep and being an electrical engineer , I discussed the sensing problems of the first lamp in detail . The unit I had would go ON in any amount of wind , and with any amount of rain . It was almost impossible to use as a sensing light , unless the wind was below 5 miles an hour , as it would be constantly triggered to ON , as if it sensed something . Sadly , I live on the ocean ... The most interesting fact is that the rep confided in me that this particular model is much more prone to such problems than any of their other models . His voice indicated to me that they clearly know that they have a problem design here , but continue to sell it.Indeed my second light works much better . I am able to keep it as a sensing light always so far . However , it too failed in one windy rain storm , but instead of turning on , it would NOT turn on , even when switched to the Always-ON mode.In short , this lamp is a really good price at under $ 40 -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- . However , if you buy it , be very prepared to send it back . I am in the process of returning my first lamp and I am searching for an alternative but have not found one that is n't much more expensive . I may roll the dice again ...
 I 've installed a set of these flood lamps over every portal of my house , totaling four sets . They have been there for nearly three years and are all deteriorating in the same exact fashion . The electrode `` nubs/contacts '' that retain the J-type bulb via tension are all eroding/rusting at the same rate of speed , which of course makes the the lights useless , I 'm well past the point of removing the rust from the electrodes as the contacts simply fall off when I attempt to replace a bulb.As an aside these lamps EAT bulbs , I began purchasing them in bulk because these units were going through them so quickly . Now I 'm looking for new security lights to replace all of the Zenith brand lights , it 's a shame too , because these had all the great features I was/am looking for.Update
 Bought one and installed it on my tool room shed . It worked for about three months and quit . Then found that the light can be affected by GFCI , transformers , flourescent lights , etc. . Evidently one of these `` fried '' the light . I would only recommend this to someone I do n't like .
 Purchased 3 of these security lights several months ago and they have been nothing but a pain since . The sensor settings will not prevent a breeze from setting them off . The end result is blown T3 lamps in a very short time because of the on/off routines . The fixtures I replaced were more than 10 years old and made by the same vendor . They worked flawless and lasted . So much for modern improvements.If you do buy this model , plan on extra T3 bulbs and plan on it continuously going off/on all night long . I would not recommend this product anymore . The quality has nose dived into the dirt .
 This light does not function properly . After dark , the light goes on and off at will.Cannot adjust it.Also the bulbs last only about 6 weeks .
 I bought this earlier in the yr and although when i got it the item was in good condition i had some problems.I thought that it would be slightly larger in size.Then one thing that pissed me off was the fact that when i installed the bulbs they would n't come on for gold . It was n't until i checked the bulbs that i realsied that althought they seemed to be never used , both filaments were broken . Not the glass just the filaments . I am not sure if this came from the manufacturers like this or if it wasa result of bad shipping ... the end result remains that i have to look for bulbs for these lamps that i never used yet and on a unit that is n't even installed yet.I will contact Amazon and the maker to see what can be done about it.So i got bought the bulbs at my local hardware store after the suppliers promised that they 'd send me bulbs after the fact that the ones i got had the filaments broken . . even before use.The end result is that i like the lamps ... the 2 way lighting is great ... it has a hi-lo feature that works great . In essence the light will come on at about 45-55 % on standard all time and when it detects movement come on full power and then once it resets goes back to 55 % power ... nice.The test feature is also good for 10-15 second burts of light . . and you still have thew 5 -10 15 -30 minute feature.Along with the sesitivity features it 's a good product from Zenith ...
 Received the Security Light , went through all the installation steps . Found that it did not dim or turn-off at 5,10 or 20 minute settings . Called the Zenith Customer Service and was told it is a defective unit . Returned it for replacement as instructed but I have not received the replacement unit . I am very disappointed.Amar Sappal
 HEATH ZENITHPROS
 I actually purchased the round like version of this model but have the same problem of 23 other reviewers of this product . Purchased 5 lights for new home construction , and like others , light will NOT turn off after sensing motion . Lights stays on ALL night long , read other reviews , light has hidden flaw that Heath Zenith knows about but continues to sell light ... I can not return anymore , took too long troubleshooting light thinking home wiring was the issue , turns out its the light all along . Too bad , concept is good but flaw is HUGE problem that I can not live with . Will throw these in trash and purchase new lights from another company . Quality engineer for this product should be fired ...
 I 've replaced this 3 times because it comes on and stays on . Another review here pointed to the problem ... you can not have a CFL or any inductive load on the circuit.Amazon reviews are AWESOME !!! Thanks for finding this fault .
 I had the same problem as some other reviews here did with the lights staying on all night . Even after adjusting to the minimum sensitivity setting the lights still stayed on all night long . after the 5th day I noticed one of the two lights no longer worked . sure enough one of the halogen lights had burned out . It 's been two weeks now and the 2nd bulb is still working . with the light staying on all night it 's only a matter of time before the second light burns out . do not buy this product !
 I have 5 of these lights . I have had to replace everyone of them several times , some of them when installed during testing phase . They fail to turn on when motion is detected . I can see the red light on the motion sensor flashing which indicates motion sensed but lights do not come on . I got these as an alternative to leaving lights on all night because of robberies in the neighborhood . It 's obvious that a light turning on gets your attention better than looking outside every 10 min which I find myself doing now since these lights do n't do what they are supposed to do . I have 4 of 5 on ground fault protection but all act identically . So far the only benefit to them is the low profile . As soon as I can find a similar profile light these will be scrapped .
 Came on every five seconds all night long until both bulbs burned out in less than a year . How helpful . Do not buy . Get some LED tech and forget about motion-detection . All the products are bad for that .
 The product showed up quickly , but I was immediately put off by the condition of the box . It was beat up and had holes punctured in the side , and the lights inside had scuffs and markings on them . It is not working and this seller appears to send open box products and refurbished ones and tries to pass them off as new . Just a warning . I will update the outcome .
 If you want a light that will last a year , chinese made of course ... this is your light . It is pure junk , and your cost should be figured based on the a yearly replacement . I have found the best to be the German made Steinel ... this is the real deal ... quality , and precision ... good for years ... happy trails
 This thermostat installs easily and functions as advertised.It does make a noise each time it turns the furnace on AND off . It is a clicking sound with a twang sound at the end . It is attention getting in a room with people in it . I talked to customer support and a technician at Hunter and they admit that this is a relay noise in this model thermostat . The thermostat that I was replacing was a 10 + year old Hunter digital unit that operated silently ! The reason that I was replacing it was that it had a temperature span of 4 degrees and the new one has a span of 2 degrees and would make the house more comfortable . Hunter knows all of this . I do n't know why they went backwords from solid state electronics to a mechanical relay -LRB- a poor one at that -RRB- ! Also be wary of their ceiling fans ! I have a 5 year old fan that runs quietly and two new ones that have a bothersome humming noise . Hunter sent me new fans and they do the same thing . This issue is currently pending with me and Hunter Tech support .
 Easy to install and turn on.A pain in the buns to program , that takes some time.The real kicker is if you have carpeting in your house you will spend several hours resetting and reprogramming the unit . Thought it was just an issue with mine but my buddie has the same trouble with his.When you have static electricity built up on your body and touch the thermostat it shocks it hard enough to go blank or do some weird things with the screen . This resets the darn thing and you have to reprogram it.I suppose if you were to set it and forget it you would get along just fine . Just remember to write down your settings the first time you set it up , that might save you some time .
 I had a pro install this thing and he had to return several times before I decided to pull the plug on it . Would quit altogether , take more than half an hour to turn on or off and lost it 's pre-sets every few hours . Very disappointing
 this is a pretty good product except that the programming functions are way too complicated with features that are hard to implement and rarely needed . otherwise , a good buy for the price . if you 're willing to spend a little more , consider the honeywell ... very user friendly.after having lived with this thermostat for a few years , i 've decided to replace it with one thats more intuitive and easier to program and use .
 I concurr with the previous post . Not only is the wiring label incorrect , but the scheme is also confusing to the self-installer . I ended up returning this thermostat and purchasing a Honeywell model # 183788 , which had extremely straightforward wiring with easy to understand instructions.My advice
 Be careful if you are trying to buy a replacement . Hunter Fan Co told me that they do not have a replacement for my old thermostat . My old one has a 7-pin -LRB- wires -RRB- connection coming out of the wall & this thermostat -LRB- 44360 -RRB- has 6 pins . My old one works , but I wanted to buy an upgrade ... no luck . I guess I 'm stuck with my old one and mailing back the new one .
 After years of dealing with this super-sensitive electro whatever , and having it work correctly 1 out of 10 times , this was finally tossed in the garbage and replaced with a basic scale that does not require 3 different types of hard to find batteries and have different times for needing replacement .
 arrived quickly.wire labels do not adhere well to old thermostat wires - need better labelspackaged very good.programming too confusing!summer programming for cooling was awful .
 Yes it is easy to program but it is junk . If I set the heat for 77 when the display shows 77 my heater will stay on until it goes to 78 which can take 30 minutes more and the room is boiling hottttt !!! When the digital thermometer on the table which is accurate and is 15 feet away shows the room is 73 - the thermostat will show the room is 77 or sometimes 80 . Then later it will show it is 75 . My guess is the sensor in this unit is getting the temp from the back or the walls and not the room so it is not right . I emails hunter which said it was over a year old . OK if you are one of the biggest makers of therms in the country and you ca n't comp out a free unit which probably costs you $ 5 to make then your support sucks . I will not buy hunter as my next unit . MAYBE they work for some but this thing has always kept my heater running too long past the set temp . no thanksUPDATE a couple years later . I hate it but have not replaced it . It is winter now . At night I have to set it to 79F so I feel comfortable . I know the room is not 79F - it is about 76 . The problem is I live by the beach in Los Angeles . winter time my indoors gets down to 32 % humidity so I need more heat to feel comfortable . In summer it might be 45 % to 55 % humidity so I do n't need heat because the place is 80 inside at night.Last night I got woken up . Heater was set to 79 . unit comes on and heats the condo . After set temp it still stays on . I do n't know heating but I read that heaters need to cool down or vent out the heat before they shut off . So this thing is set to 79 and when it gets to 79 it keeps running and venting and by the time it shuts off i am awake because it might run for 10 to 20 minutes or longer . The other problem is say the room is 76 and the heater comes on and it is set to 77 . the heater could run for 30 minutes trying to raise the temp 1 degree where if i manually change it to 80 the heat comes on stronger and heats faster and then I shut it down . It might be my old 25 year old heater or the thermometer - but I did install another one at my mom 's house and for that 1 degree problem it could run a long time . One day I will replace this but I have not
 I 've owned many programmables over the years and I have to say this is the most unintuitive model I 've ever had . I bought it because of the hours usage feature , which most other brands lack . However , that feature is not enough to make up for the difficulty of use . The principal issue is entering a `` hold '' mode . For starters , you have to go inside the cover to access `` hold '' . Then it 's easy to exit the mode as you 're trying to adjust the temp.Also , the `` set '' temperature is not displayed on the default display . You have to briefly hit the up or down button button to make it flash up on the display . But of course , if you press and hold it too long , you start to change the actual set temperature . And this is just a partial list of nuances that I expect will bug the average user.If you 're on top of it and tech savvy , you can navigate these issues . But when my parents visit and I need to deviate from the standard program , for instance , it 's hopeless to instruct them on these nuances , so I have to take on all programming responsibility.But to be fair , it 's not particularly difficult to initially program and install . It 's just the other day-to-day interaction that is lacking.I highly recommend the Honeywell Electronic Focus Programmable Thermostat #YRTH 6300B1007 -LRB- a 5/2 , but I 'm sure a 7-day model exists -RRB- . It is much more user friendly than the Hunter.Too bad , as I 'm generally a fan of Hunter products . But this one just is n't up to the task .
 I like the value of the product and the function built in it.However installation is little difficult for an average handy man like me.The wall plate and the body does not fit easily . the body comes loose after closure , which may cause to disconnecting the circuits and causes malfunction of heating and air conditioning system . I will try to solve the problem with the Amazon and Hunter but feel like I may end up returning of the unit .
 The one piece that keeps this unit attached firmly to the mounting plate on the wall is a very flimsy piece of plastic . As soon as I tried to mount it for the first time , the piece snapped . Now my fancy new thermostat is accented by some fancy new duct tape . I have a hard time believing this model tested for physical quality .
 The technical details on Amazon specifically state that this thermoset has a range of 32 - 99 degrees F.Upon installation I found it would only go down to 45 degrees . I confirmed with Hunter technical support that all Hunter thermostats have a minimum temp setting of 45 degrees , not 32 as advertised.I needed a low temp thermostat for a vacation home where it occasionally drops below freezing . Because of this , this thermostat will be returned . Other than that , the thermostat appears to work well and looks good , and is a pretty good deal .
 If you like a thermostat that forgets that it is on vacation mode 2 days into the vacation , get this one . There is nothing like refrigerating an empty house ! If you like your `` smart '' thermostat to forget the time or date , but usually not both , every once in a while , get this one . If you like your thermostat to read 3 * warmer than every other thermometer in the house , get this one . You can get all this even with fresh batteries . But really , it will work perfectly for about 6 months . If you are moving soon , the new tenants will live it .
 At our business we have two thermostats on two separate floors . Six years ago we installed these Hunter thermostats . I 've reprogrammed them dozens , maybe hundreds , of times and am VERY familiar with how to operate them -LRB- our building has a very irregular schedule from week to week and month to month -RRB- . Eventually , the thermostats began to function erratically . For example , the heat would start running when it was n't programmed to , or else the heat wo n't come on when it is programmed to . When this happened I 'd always check to be sure the programming was still correct -LRB- for example , if a battery gets inadvertently knocked out the whole system resets to a default , and knocking out a batter is very easy to do on these units when the programming cover is lifted up -- there really ought to be a second cover over the battery compartment -RRB- . The first thermostat went bad and was replaced after 5 years of use , not terrible , but a little disappointing . The second one went out a couple of monts ago , after six years , so I replaced it . Then the replacement that I put in last year malfunctioned differently , as follows
 You ca n't program individual seasons and save both which makes no sense . Every time you change seasons -LRB- from Heat to Cool or vise-versa -RRB- you have to reprogram it . I called their technical support to confirm and sad to say it 's true . What was Hunter thinking ??
 I like this thermostat for AC use and the programmable feature save me money , since I could program it to turn to 80 degrees when no is home . Hoever I could not get the heat to work with it . The AC tech that I called said I have a straght heat unit , no Heat Pump . When ever I turned the heat on , the AC and the heat worked at the same time .
 I have the product but when we tried to install it the cover wo n't close and therefore it wo n't operate .
 I purchased two of these less than 5 years ago . The flimsy hinges on the lift up panel broke on one unit after less than a year , so it 's been duct-taped in place since then . And now the programming functions on one are completely non-functional -LRB- yes , I checked and replaced the batteries , so that is not the cause -RRB- . None of the programming buttons work anymore . So , I am going to have to replace it after only about 4 years of usage . I wo n't be replacing it with the same one .
 *** EDITED REVIEW *** I wanted to note that when this review was written , the purchase cost of this item was substantially higher than it is now . ***** This is a nice thermostat . It does have a few issues I discovered now that it has been in use about a week .1 -RRB- The wiring instructions are not correct , at least not for my AC unit . I wound up calling an AC company who was nice enough to walk me through the wiring over the phone for free -LRB- there are a few good people left out there -RRB- . Only two of the five wires actually went to where the instructions said they should .2 -RRB- The backlighting only stays on for about five seconds , its kind of a let down considering I paid $ 25 more for the version that is backlit over the same one without the backlighting option.Now that it is installed , it is easy to program and works fine.I gave this item two stars due to the 40 % extra I paid for a disapointing backlighting feature and the incorrect instalation instructions . I almost had to pay a $ 100 service call to have someone install a $ 60 thermostat!One piece of advice , make sure its not hot out when you do the instalation . I live in Arizona , it was 113 degrees outside and 78 inside when I started this , thinking it would only take a minute . When I was done two hours later , after the phone call with the AC guy , it was 98 degrees inside my house .
 Bought seven of these for my church . Opened them up . Set them up ready to go only to find out they do not work on heat pumps . We had one of our members who is a Heating/Air-conditioning man begin to install them and he questioned them when he began . Finally he called Hunter and said he had a Hunter 44360 for a heat pump . That is as far as he got when the person on the other line said . `` They are not made for heat pumps . '' We are stuck with all of them . Anybody want to buy some ... cheap .
 worked for about ten minutes then stopped pulling paint through the jar and out of the airbrush but rather blew bubbles into the paint jar . would not recommend this product unless you can complete a project in ten minutes and are willing to throw away the money you just spent
 I got this product today and it looks in a bad shape and is not new at all . There is some paint on the plastic box . I was supposed to get a new set but they sent me a very bad used set .
 This would be good for someone who only needs this for a one time use and wants something cheap . If you plan on using it for more than just a little , do yourself a favor and upgrade to a cutter that has an oil reservoir and a more comfortable grip . They make them in a `` pistol grip '' style or a straight style . I prefer the straight style which has a fatter grip area . But even then I still wrap mine with electrical tape so that it contours my hand better.This type of cutter will work , but your cut probably wo n't be as clean and your hand is going to really hurt after awhile because it is n't very ergonomic .
 This item does n't work for changing the smell of kerosene . I used way over the recommended amount , and the smell difference was n't enough to to even notice . Also thought from the pictures of item , price was for 4 bottles . It 's only for 1 bottle .
 the AD says GROUP in the title Does NOT state it 's only one bottle !!! in the AD 8.16 is to high for one bottle can get it for 3.98 else where !!
 Kero-Klean is a very good product . I would rate the product alone 4 stars . A bottle contains 8 ounces of scented methanol -LRB- wood alcohol -RRB- . The methanol mixes with water and kerosene . It helps prevent small amounts of water in kerosene from soaking into the wick and ruining its ability to move the kerosene to the top of the wick through capillary action . I used to use 12 oz bottles of dry gas available for 1/4 the $ 4 price of one 8 oz bottle of Kero-Klean . Unfortunately , they beagan adding petroleum distillates to the dry gas.I buy this product at a local big box home improvement store at $ 3.99 for an 8 oz bottle . Even though I have not bought it from True Value Hardware Outlet , I can tell this offering is a single 8 oz bottle from the description saying it treats 80 gallons of kerosene . The instructions say to add 0.5 oz to a 5 gallon container of kerosene . This would allow you to treat 16 cans containing 5 gallons of kerosene , or 80 gallons total . -LRB- The instructions add that you can add as much as 2.0 oz of Kero-Klean to a 5 gallon container of kerosene to treat more moderate water contamination . This product is not sufficient for treating kerosen severely contaminated with water . -RRB- $ 8.13 $ 6.56 shipping for a single 8 oz bottle is steep enough . To claim this is 92 % off is fraudulent . I will provide feedback to amazon about this listing .
 First off trhere was or is no assortment . I received one bottle of treatment . The ad shows four . POOR , feel taken
 I wanted a flashlight that I would never need batteries for . That is not what I got these lights that have a small metal sylender inside that is non magnetic and will not charge . These lights use 2 coin cell batteries that last only 12 hours . The coil is n't attached to the PCB at all . After 12 hours it is dead and with no way to charge them they are useless .
 I brought this thinking It was the real thing . But they LIE about what they selling . It DO come with Battery which was never told and the `` Just Shake To Charge '' is a FAKE ! We even took it apart and IT need the 2 little battery to work . Do n't ever buy these `` Everlife Flashlight '' because it a fake .
 As the previous reviews have said , these flashlights do not actually work . Myhusband opened them up but said that there is just no way for the product tocharge itself by shaking as intended . Let me clarify , when they arrived theylit up for 3 hours , except one that never worked ; after that , they shined a dimnightlightish glow for a couple of minutes until the plastic eventually crackedand the parts fell off.Also , they apparently weigh 4 lbs ... you do the math , b ' c reviews should n'taddress this unspoken issue , just do the math ! My box said 1 lb , they must usean `` everlife scale alternative '' to weigh the product .
 I bought this flashlight after seeing commercials for it on TV . It works just like they say
 Do n't buy these , they do n't even come to your house assembled . I bought one for my father for Christmas . It arrived competely disassembled ! My father had to put it together himself . He says you have to vigurously shake it for 2 minutes to get a good light from it but it goes dim very fast after first minute and a half . Even if you keep doing it like the directions say , the normal battery operated flashlights are still better than these . I went through amazon and he got his in a week , I went through the main website to get my own and I 've been waiting 2 and a half months -LRB- backorded -RRB- . I 'm expecting mine to come in pieces too apparently . My father says you can not see beyond 8 feet with it and half that for the little one that normally comes with it . It 's not worth the money for this product , it sucks .
 9 of 9 people found the following review helpful : EVERLIFE IS LITTLELIGHT , November 22 , 2005Reviewer
 I got two of these from my Thank you Points reward network . . same lights . The one came with a screw shaking loose inside but the real problem is that these flashlights lasted one day . They no longer hold a charge and when they did ... not very bright . They are not true battery free shake lights . You can see the 3 little button cell batteries inside . . and these are what I think was giving me the little bit of light at first . . Absolute junk . . cheap plastic feel , switch is cheap . . nothing quality about it . Came with a box with typos all over it . . not address of the company . Do not wasted your time or money on this junk .
 These flashlights were carefully designed to be a ripoff . Using the same case and circuit board as quality shaking flashlights , the maker added a couple of new things
 the description states that this product is tung oil based ... I called the mfg to find out what the percentage of tung oil is ... they told me that NO man ' o war products contain any tung oil ... . so whats is the story folks ...
 Occassionaly Amazon leads you to believe a product is in stock , your order it , and low and behold the vendor does not have it . If you independantly check the vendor 's website they show no inventory . This happened to me here , the system still thinks I placed and order and it was filled , very frustrating .
 This knife is all but an abomination . I purchased more than 5 working as facilities engineer when they first arrived on the market more than 6 years ago . I bought a few more later on to see if it was just a manufacturing issue or a design issue ... it 's both . Here 's some highlights . From a stability view , the knife is quite robust and has a solid feel . From a usability side , this this thing is horrible . The die cast design is poor at best . Many of the knives I bought provided extreme difficulty in retracting and extending the blade without a doubt . Some of the knives simply would n't move . Inserting the blade is not intuitive but does work IF the current blade does n't jam in the unit upon twisting the cover open -LRB- infrequent -RRB- . If you put the blade in wrong , watch your fingers , the cover binds and the blade proves a bit dangerous to extract . My recommendation
 The locking mechanism for the various blade positions slides out much too easily , and I found that the blade would extend unintentionally when removing it from my tool pouch -LRB- too dangerous for me , novice that I am . -RRB- Other models lock well in both directions -LRB- this model does lock very solidly when extended -RRB- , and I 've replaced the 10-989 with a simpler Stanley model that stays locked in or out of the pouch . Right now it sits in my tool drawer for home projects .
 These gate latches used to be 5.25 inches long , and this was advertised as such . Now that Stanley is sourcing them from China , the size has shrunk to only about 3.5 inches long . This is a big difference when trying to replace . The dimensions shown in the advertisement indicated that this product was one of the orginal , instead what i recieved is no different than the componenet available at much less the cost from our local Value Star hardward dealer . Combined with handling and postage , this was just money thrown away .
 This bulb is a fire hazard . Last night my wife smelled an electrical fire and had no trouble finding the source . it was a Feit Electric ESL23TM 23 W bulb . Really bad odor which still lingers today . The bulb has a warning not to use w / dimmers or w/water -LRB- duh -RRB- . This bulb was used in a simple one bulb lamp , on - off switch thats it . i hate to think what might have happened if this has happened if someone wasnt home . I bought 2 cases of these bulbs thinking i was doing my share , now , i am removing all.this is scary . do some research , im only one of many
 At the recycling center in the bulb bin , a huge percentage are Feit Electric . This matches my experience , I added a half dozen more flickering or dead ones to the bin . At work I bought a 40 Watt Feit bulb and it has burned out and been replaced under warranty 3 times -LRB- and we only moved in 4 months ago -RRB- . I encourage everyone stuck with these crummy bulbs to pressure the company for better quality , by insisting they replace them . The number is 800-543-FEIT , they 'll ask for the number off the bulb , and the place of purchase . You 're not saving energy if the bulbs do n't last !
 I have used a few of these around the house , but after two of them on two separate occasions in different light fixtures blew up and started what smelled like an electrical fire . The light switch was on and the plastic just kept on burning . It does n't seem safe to me to risk trying another one of these .
 We nearly has a major incident tonight . My son walked into the house and found the front light fixture wrapped in smoke . He shut off the light switch immediately and called me to come and see . The main entry light uses a single Feit Electric BESL23TM 23-Watt Compact Fluorescent twist lamp ; the ceramic area around the base where one of the ends of the flouro tube goes in is charred . We 've had this lamp in for two years without any noticeable issues , and we have left it on when we are out of the house in the evening for security reasons . We have bulbs just like it in half of the fixtures in the house -LRB- we have another brand in the rest -RRB- . This scares the heck out of us . We 'll be looking into LED lighting immediately .
 Had a Feit Electric ESL23TM installed in a standing lamp , directly connected to an electrical outlet , no dimmer . Turned the lamp on , flickered , then started smoking with a strong electrical fire smell . I took the lamp apart , suspecting a problem with wiring , but all wiring was okay . The ESL23TM , however , emanated a strong electrical burn smell . Put it in another lamp , carefully turned that one on , and the ESL23TM just barely lit up , then started smoking again . NOT RECOMMENDED . What worries me is that California is banning incandescent bulbs in favor of this fluorescent technology . After having one burn on me , I can not feel comfortable having them in my house .
 very good white bright light.I bought a three pack of these at Walgreens for $ 6.99
 i purchased a package of 4 23watt fit electric compact fluorescent mini twist bulbs and was extremely disappoioned.one bulb did not work , one lasted 2 months , one lasted 1 month and one has worked for almost 3 months.they are on for no more than 4 hours a day.I do n't see the savings in purchasing these bulbs and feel we are sold a bill of goods with the quality of these bulbs.I would say save your money and use candles . Jim D
 Me too . Installed bulbs in two different lamps and they immediately began to smell . Was worried they would catch fire .
 I first bought this heater and had to exchange it within a week because it rattled loudly - I was using it at work and my coworker complained . The second one was fine for a while but within a couple of months began to rattle extremely loudly , especially at the beginning when you first turn it on , but even after that it rattles very loudly .
 I 've installed several of this type of humidifier , and would not get this particular model again.Good
 I installed this unit and that went wellTurned it on and adjusted the humidity were it was just about to turn off , and let the furnace run4 hours later the motor was still turning the filter . I will give it a little longer to prove it , s self but a little sceptical That time will do anythingI think the motor will wear out with this thing not putting water into the air .
 I bought this humidifier because the product page , the manufacturer 's website , and the product packaging prominently displays , `` Can be installed in a room without a drain . '' Unfortunately , that 's not true for most home applications . Page 5 of the installation manual included in the box states that , `` drain is required ... where water ... could cause ... damage . '' The installation manual on the Honeywell website -LRB- which I read before purchasing this unit -RRB- makes no such statement . Examination of the mechanism by which the humidifier regulates water flow reveals that a single , plastic , adjustable float valve sets the water level in a pan which the rotating media drum is dragged through . A failure in that float valve or in the adjustment mechanism could cause water to overflow the pan and stream onto the floor where the humidifier is installed . There is absolutely nothing to stop the flood of water in this case . Water would keep flowing from the unit until the home owner noticed the overflow and shut off the main water supply . In applications where flooding could cause property damage , a floor drain is an absolute requirement . This rendered the product unsuitable for my application , and I returned it unused .
 This product is cheap in price but unfortunately in quality too . Certain areas on the frame were bent and thus leaving a ripple and damage to the finish . Had the same problem with another fixture I ordered . The light rods are also all off and need to be bent to be in line with each other . These products are just to hard to order online because damage can occur during shipping and its hard to know how thick or damage resistant the fixture is . The material they are made of can not hold up to much pressure thus it distorts easy . Next time I 'll go to a store to purchase such fixtures .
 I was disappointed in this product . The fit and finish is very poor , for example the edges of the enclosure do n't exactly meet . The winding mechanism flexes and I do n't expect it to last long . I suggest you avoid this product .
 Upon examining the contents of the kits , we noticed that the items were due to expire within 30 days . We returned them for a refund .
 I originally ordered a perfectly made Toto sink , but it was too large and a smaller one was n't available , so I bought the Kohler Caxton . I immediately noticed what I could only describe as a pock marked bowl . Countless blemishes under the surface , which I believe were tiny air bubbles that rose to the surface while the sink was being fired . The sink was smooth , but the imperfections were noticeable in my lighting . I called Kohler to see if this was normal for their product , and was told that it was abnormal and shouldnt 've passed inspection , so I exchanged it for one of the same . Sure enough , the new one had the same markings.It 's a sink , so all I expect is that it is shaped correctly and the bowl is free of visual defects/imperfections . I 'm not a sink expert so I do n't know how difficult it is to get a flawless look , but Toto certainly got it right.Amazon was great with the free exchange , quick refund , and fast deliveries .
 We already have three Kohler 2209 Caxton sinks in our home , and we were ordering two more , these in Biscuit . One of the sinks arrived with two significant indentations in the sink bowl , which had to occur prior to firing in the kiln . Should have been caught before firing . Should have been caught after firing . Should have been caught before boxing . I had to send it back . Sent the other one back as well since it had minor pit blemishes in glaze of sink bowl as well . Wasted my time , wasted somebody 's shipping costs . Where is quality control ?
 I bought two Kohler K-2209 sinks . They both arrived broken - one in pieces and the other was chipped . Had to pay $ 13 more each to get locally .
 Like previous reviews for this lamp and the table lamp version , the three way touch sensor does not work properly . It is either on or off and when it 's on the light is very dim , not anywhere close to 120 watts -LRB- 3 X 40 watts -RRB- . I have contacted Adesso Lighting , by email , they told me to return the lamp . Otherwise it is a nice looking lamp for a cheap price , with a 20 % off promotion . I 'm going to keep the lamp and replace the touch control , Thomas & Betts AR135D Touch Lamp Kit $ 6.90 at amazon ; that should fix the problem . In my opinion it 's a decent lamp , if you can get it for under $ 100 .
 is very flimsy and feels more like plastic than brass . not up to an oudoor placement so am sending it back
 This product was flimsily packaged . When I took it out of the box , concrete started coming out of the base . The base cover was coming off . Also , the lamp would not stand up . I removed the rest of the base cover to find the concrete inside had crumbled . The lamp would n't stand up because the nut at the bottom had not been tightened . It was not just slightly loose - it was two inches away from where it should have been to hold the lamp straight . I went to the hardware store and purchased mixed concrete . I refilled the base and made a new base cover out of cardboard and felt . If you are not handy , this will go straight to the garbage can . The wood was nice but scratched . The shade was put together from two pieces which was doable but not as nice as a seamless one . I was willing to overlook the two piece shade because of the nice wood but I am still not sure the lamp will be functional -LRB- the concrete is still setting -RRB- . Way too expensive to return from Hawaii . Packaging was a piece of styrofoam in a large box so the lamp could have been damaged in transit . Overall not worth having to do a `` MacGyver '' imitation .
 The lamp base is as described , although the color of the wood is not as dark as in the picture . What really upset me about this lamp is that the shade . In addition to the fact that it comes in two pieces that snap together -LRB- as mentioned by another reviewer -- and which I did not read before purchase -RRB- , the trim is sloppy . The shade seems sturdy enough once snapped together , but looks cheaper than a $ 15 discount store shade .
 I had to return this belt . The part # was correct but the image and description show two buckles . What I received only had one buckle .
 Bought the drawer front and cabinet front templates to help with installing all the new handles in our new kitchen . When we stripped the packaging -- only then did we realize they would n't work with our handles . Our hardware had 5 '' centers and the templates only work up to 4 '' . I did n't spot this information anywhere or I would not have ordered them . The style is long handles right now , but be aware that this product does n't allow for them .
 The description of this guide says that it is either 10 inches long or 11 1/2 inches long . It 's only 4 inches long . Totally useless for me .
 I used this template for my upper cabinets , but it was n't as easy as it could have been . The holes in the template are so small that neither a drill bit , nor a pencil tip would fit through it to make contact with the door . I had to use an awl -LRB- and does everyone have one of these ? -RRB- and push hard so that I could see the mark , then I had to mark with a pencil or drill .
 Pros
 I got the item quickly on MOnday , had to wait until the weekend to do the job . There are no instructions in the package on how to use it or put it together . I 'm not a first time user but I 'm not a professional either and very careful when handling safety issues . It took me 1/2 hour just to figure out how to do this . The Instruction Manual only has general safety rules , troubleshooting and part list . The water bin seems to go lose , I 'm not sure I should start the job ! I have a friend helping and it might be a waste of our time ! More to come !
 I bought 2 of these open faced rulers . They are not worth the extra money I paid for them . In a short period of time , you 'll need bionic fingers in order to rewind the tape . The tape itself is fine . Just do n't buy the fast rewind model . You will be disapointed . I have since ordered and recieved the regular model of this same ruler . Much much better . Quality is great .
 Any devices with a ground -LRB- 3-pronged plug -RRB- ca n't be used with this . It would have been helpful if the Amazon description or images showed this .
 when i ordered this item i was expecting 2 wires 3 foot each instead i got 1 wire that was double the price at lowes .
 This is a very old school extension cord-does not have a three prong with ground plug on the part that goes into the outlet and does not accommodate three prong plugs . I need a 2 ft extension cord for a special use-but I want to plug modern electronics into the working end . And , as expensive as electronics are I would prefer them to be properly grounded ! another note is that even tho this plug has a flat head it is very bulky -LRB- slimline , ha ! -RRB- and wo n't fit into a recessed box and probably will also cover too much of a regular flush mount outlet box to allow you to use the second outlet.It would be very helpful if Amazon posted better pictures of products so one could see that they will or will not work before ordering . This is why I HATE mail order-nearly always end up returning items and paying and paying shipping .
 It 's a 1/4 sheet of high pressure over a wood frame for $ 169.00 The `` table '' is flat and the correct size , which is just how it should be , but for only $ 25.00 -LRB- what it 's worth -RRB- You 'd think that when someone is spending $ 500.00 for a fence system , mobile base and table legs they would give them a break on the price . And if you figure they just spent $ 2000.00 on a new cabinet saw the company would be greatful . No , they want more . Delta USED to be a brand to be proud of . Not anymore . Now if you buy this brand , you look like a sucker seeing how the other companys are making higher quality products for less . Amazing how greed can destroy a companys reputation .
 I 've bought 5 pairs for my guys in the shop and these didnt last more than a day of use . . NOT REALLY FOR MECHANICS
 This thing is just murderous on your back . Straps are narrow , cheap and uncomforable . Pump handle is balky and stubborn . I use a mix that requires use within a six hour window , which means I need to use up everything in it . Usually takes about an hour of pain to empty this thing , so I 'm upgrading to what I hope will be a professional model with better straps and weight distribution .
 This thing broke after one season 's very light use -LRB- like 3 times -RRB- . The plastic ring comes off the pump section and the pump comes out and the plunger then gets jammed and damaged . I have to contact the manufacturer and see if I can get replacement parts . I am sure it is now out of warranty .
 When I purchased for restoration a vintage Unisaw which came with Biesemeyer fence rails but no fence , I took the opportunity to acquire the Biesemeyer fence I 'd wanted for years . Mine was purchased new , not from a retailer but from a guy who had purchased the unit and been unable to use it , so when I found a problem with it there was no returning it . Problem is that the fence faces are not perpendicular to the saw table , because the rectangular tubing to which the faces are screwed really is a parallelogram . -LRB- Top and bottom of the fence are parallel and level with the saw table , but both working sides of the fence lean to the right a few degrees . -RRB- Expecting nothing I contacted Delta to express my displeasure . After having provided the model number and an explanation of my complaint , I received an apology and a magnanimous offer to purchase a second fence at a discount of 20 % off list -- in short , $ 280 . No thanks . I 've shimmed the faces for now , and , when I find some plastic laminate of the right color , I 'll rip off the faces and make new ones which compensate for the manufacturing defect . Other than this obvious flaw , the fence works as advertised .
 We live in northern CA and during a recent remodel of our home we decided to use Sikkens SRD 250 as the film coating for the exterior siding . Our contractor prepared and applied the product to the exact specifics provided by Sikkens.The painting contractor painted 3 coats after the detailed prep . After only 2 years the walls facing west and north have completely cracked and blistered open . I would not recommend this product unless you are prepared to apply new coats every 18 months .
 I built a new cedar deck and , on the recommendation of Consumer Reports and additional web research , selected Cetol SRD in Cedar . The promise was that the stain would last 2 - 3 years before it needed restaining . The cedar planking was on site for a few weeks prior to construction -LRB- no rain -RRB- , and sanded all four sides with 60 / 80 grit sandpaper prior to installation . Then stained the wood once installed . Was very disappointed that -LRB- a -RRB- coverage was spotty , even some verticals wound up washing away -LRB- we 've had some very heavy rains in the Northeast -RRB- and -LRB- b -RRB- have now found , less than 6 months after staining , that some of the railings appear to have mold or mildew.I 'm very disappointed in the way the stain covered , and the way the stain failed to last . What is even worse is that you ca n't `` touch up '' the stain , as if any area gets two coats , it turns shiny . I 've heard from some paint shops up here that Sikkens was bought by Sherwin Williams , so the formulation may have changed . All I can say is `` never again '' .
 We stained a very large deck at our lake home in West Central Minnesota with this product . We followed the directions to the letter and had waited a full year to allow the treated lumber to weather . We have just completed our third winter and the product has failed . The 10 year warranty is not supported by the paint store because `` this is Minnesota '' . Do not use this product . I am looking for a product to cover the Cetol SRD . Ca n't in good conscience give it any rating . This was the most expense of the brands we looked evaluated . Back to Olympic Stain !!!!!!!!!
 I live in the Midwest . We had a very mild winter . Last spring I did a lot of research on deck stains and made the decision to use this product , regardless of the cost . I have a very large multi-level cedar deck . I power washed the deck removing all previous coats of stain used-got it down to the bare wood , replaced some cracked boards and even sanded the entire deck , spindles and all . It took 13 gallons to cover the deck , rails & spindles , with 2-3 coats on each . However , just ONE year later , the ENTIRE deck needs to be redone ! It is all flaking off . I am not happy at all because of the cost of the product ; secondly , because it took a few months to complete and lastly , the fact I paid someone $ 1000 to do it ! The product I used was Sikkens Cetol SRD Semi Transparent Stain .
 I USED THIS PRODUCT ON MY NEW LOG HOUSE IN GOOD FAITH ABOUT 3 TO 4 YEARS AGO . NOW IT NEEDS TO BE RECOATED AND IM BEING TOLD THAT I NEED TO REMOVE ALL OF THE PREVIOUS COAT BY BLASTING OR CHEMICALS BEFORE RECOATING . I HAVE ALSO BEEN TOLD NOT TO TRY TO USE ANY OTHER PRODUCT OVER THIS PRODUCT WITHOUT REMOVING ALL OF THE SIKKENS CETOL SRD BY BLASTING OR CHEMICALS . I WOULD NEVER USE THIS PRODUCT AGAIN .
 it is a tiny set , everything is small and feels cheapmight as well spring for a nicer set and shell out the extra couple bucks.if you 're just looking for something to store in your car , this might be a viable option .
 Your standard crappy tool set . The individual screw driver handles are really cheap , the screwdriver with different bits is not bad and the bits seem ok , the tweezers suck , the tape measure is worth about 50 cents , and the needle nose pliers are a typical cheap-o set . i would not be surprised if i saw this product at the .99 cent store . This set is not bad for the average computer tech but do not expect much .
 This cone is a good-quality , easily-stowable piece of safety equipment . The flashing light is not on top as shown in the photo , but is inside the base , illuminating the entire cone from the inside . I find the flashing light to be an unnecessary feature , but perhaps it is a draw for some people . The cone itself is a good size and seems sturdy with decent reflective tape . I purchased 3 of these in order to examine them more closely . I then decided to buy some additional cones , but discovered that the price had doubled from $ 10.19 to over $ 20.00 per cone . I would recommend that this cone is a bargain at $ 10.19 , but not worth double the money , hence my recommendation dropped from 5 to 2 stars .
 Purchased this for my small lawn business . I 've had nothing but problems after owning for 1 year . The gas cap leaks , the end of the blower tube constantly falls off , it takes forever to get started , runs very weak for its supposed hp rating ... . I could go on ... Stay away from this blower !
 Although a huge fan of Delta for over 35 years , I was disappointed with the Biesemeyer fence . I had tolerated the original fence with my unisaw for 30 years . Finally I broke down and bought one of these that everybody raves about . Problem was , to begin with , the front rail holes did not line up . Because of the difficulty sending something like this back , I had my machinist slot the holes so they would line up . Once I got that worked out and adjusted for square , it in fact worked well . That is until about six weeks later when I need to attach a vertical jig to the fence . Come to find out the fence was out of plumb about 1/32 inch top to bottom , causing a major problem for a vertical jig 12 inches tall . To further complicate things there is no adjustment for plumb on the fence.I tried calling customer service , which turned into a exercise in futility going back and forth from one to another.Do I still like Delta ? Yes . But their engineering for this particular item , made from hot rolled angle , is severely lacking . Under close examination , hot rolled flash on the raw material was not completely removed and just painted over . Just another case of someone in production asleep at the wheel . I ended up having our machine shop repair it rather than hassel with Biesemeyer . Honestly I expected better from a company from whom I have personally purchased over 20 stationary tools . I suppose it is no worse than anyone else though .
 I ordered the BC-30 fence from Amazon . After receiving only half the parts , the 2nd box was lost in shipment , I was told sorry not our problem . I spent 6 hours and 4 weeks trying to resolve the issue only to be told my time was wasted and in the opinion of amazon not worth anything and to shop elsewhere . I would avoid Amazon at all costs their customer service is terrible !!!
 I recently purchased the Jet JWTS-10JF Table Saw . I spent a full day assembling the saw . I found that the SAW BLADE was not included in the purchase . You have to buy the blade `` locally '' . This was not explained in the description of the `` Table Saw '' ; perhaps they should name it a `` JWTS-10JF Table '' . It is a rowboat without oars , a bicycle without pedals , a car without gas . The old adage , ` batteries not included ' should be prominently displayed !
 The Tamper plate looks great , but I have not used it yet because I am missing a part that attaches it to the jack hammer . So far I am unsuccessful to locate the adapter .
 After completely assembling my closet with these having followed the instructions closely , we then starting returning items to their proper spot . We stood back long enough to get a glimpse of what it should look like before the whole thing came down lol hmmmmmmm
 The image shown is of a rpm meter , but the item is an hour meter -LRB- only -RRB- . My thought from the description was that it was a combination hour/rpm meter . Did n't even open the package , but it looks like a great `` Hour meter '' . Purchased from equipment2u .
 I am a finish carpenter who owns one dozen pneaumatic nail/staple guns by five different manufacturers . This gun was an expensive disappointment . It jambs all the time -LRB- and they are time consuming to clear -RRB- . It constantly folds nails over -LRB- does not matter which brand you are driving -RRB- . It has been in the shop for repairs more than it has been on the job.The last time I went to pick it up from the repair shop I insisted on testing the the tool myself before paying . I fired about 1/3 of a clip and bent six brads . The repairman scartched his head and now I must purchase a replacement gun so I can perform my job .
 Bit cuts good . Had 22 kitchen doors to put a groove in . Got 8 done and the white plastic came off the bearing . Notice the plastic even with the edge of the bit . Once it comes off the bearing has to be replaced . The door it came off on I 'm having to make a new one . One sheet of 3/4 birch cost $ 55 just to replace the one door .
 The spool is the wrong part ... I wanted a replacement spool for a weed eater xr70 ... and I recieved a spool for a different model the spool pictured on the web page clearly showed the xr70 on the package ... how can I get the propper spool ?
 I have researched this device , and it appears to NOT include the battery , or charger , even though the picture includes a 12v battery.So , buyer beware
 This item has a fine thread , not a standard pipe or hose thread , that connects the antisiphon valve to the faucet . They were installed on my home by the contractor when the house was built . The problem is that the antisiphon valve can go bad , blocking outward flow and spraying out the sides , and require replacement , as happened to me . If you remove this antisiphon valve , you will not be able to simply hook up a hose directly to the faucet or attach a reasonably priced antisiphon valve -LRB- $ 3 or $ 4 -RRB- that has female hose threads.Instead , the replacement antisiphon valve for this faucet costs at least $ 20 , almost the price of this entire faucet -LRB- at $ 23 -RRB- and certainly much more than the cost of most entire faucet kits . That 's if you can even find the replacement valve in a store . With so many frost free faucets to chose from , why would you buy a faucet with a nonstandard male thread for the antisiphon valve that is hard to find , preventing you from simply attaching a hose when you remove a faulty valve that is more expensive to replace than an entire faucet ? I have yet to find an adaptor for the faucet that will simply enable using a hose thread .
 Fluidmaster packed the wrong item in the right package . I was sent the wrong item 3 times . I am promised a refund .
 This rip fence does n't fit properly on the Makita 5377MG . I used a Skil # 13896 adjustable rip fence , and ordered the thumb screw , that secures the rip fence to the saw , from Makita , because the thumbscrew that comes with the Skil rip fence does n't fit the Makita saw .
 We installed this faucet last December and have had a constant problem with leaking between the fixed base and the Swivel head . At first it was extremely hard to move the faucet between my two sink wells ... but , even then , it would leak when at a particular location . Now that it 's `` loosened up '' I have a hard time finding a spot where it does n't leak . Going to have to go with something less `` form '' and more `` function '' .
 I recently painted our dining room and kitchen , and in doing so , accidently got paint on a couple of wall outlets . I went to a hardware store to get replacement outlets and while there discovered the Leviton screwless wallplates . I really like the look of the wallplates , so I decided to purchase the wallplates and matching outlets . I have managed to install just two . Neither one of them will lay flat against the wall . Another Amazon reviewer noted the same issue and stated that that they thought it was because their walls were not flat . I do n't think this is the issue , as I had the same problem with both wallplates myself . In both cases the left side of the wall plate sticks out more than the right side . The first time this happened I had assumed that I messed up the installation , but the second wallplate installed the exact same way . I ended up reinstalling both wall plates , but got the same results , the left side sticks out more than the right . This is very noticable , since the design itself is meant to look like one continous , smooth , flat surface . I attempted to get more information from the Leviton website , but the website is not user friendly.I like the idea behind this product , but the actual product itself is poorly designed and attempting to install the wallplates and matching outlets was a frusturating experience . On a side note , the screws that come with the Leviton wallplate are not long enough for a standard wall box once you add the inner plate that the wallplate snaps onto . I had to replace those screws in order to get the plate , outlet , and wall box to all meet up correctly .
 I recived the Krylon Antique Bronze , but I got one with a silver top and a label sticker showing SCS-099 Antique Bronze , but the paint spray out was silver and the replacement was the same , right size , right price , But Not The Right Color . I did get what I wanted , but maybe others will . I will still shop Amazon , maybe not for PAINT .
 I have bought three of these spray cans so far . One was black , the other was clear coat . They were as I expected . However , I bought the Glow Orange can , and to my surprise , it was WAY OFF . It looks like neon orange , not like the orange shown in the picture of this product . Very displeased .
 The color and everything worked great . It did however take a little longer then normal to dry . Also it was so fragile , rubbing it continuesly would wear it away also wiping with alchol . I even put tape on it to mask off certian areas after a day of drying and you can see the color on the sticky side when I removed the tape . I was spraying bare metal and ended up useing a clear coat to protect the color.I was not too satisfied .
 Bad paint for foam , it spits and made a mess of my RC plane , also it rubs off when worked on.even allowing to dry for three days . BILL SCHALLER
 I ordered this on Amazon based upon the `` cyber monday '' deal for $ 120 but recently saw the GearWrench 20 piece set for $ 49 at Sears and granted , it 's not the exact same item but extremely similar at almost 1/3 the price ...
 I ordered this device because I had something similar years ago and I used it to drill holes in studs to run house wire though . After I received this angle drill attachment the fist thing I noticed what how bad it turned by hand . It would stick in places and I would need to reverse the turn before I could continue turning again . It also had a very rough movement . I thought that once it was on a powered drill maybe it would turn fine . Well when I did place it onto my cordless drill and ran the drill , it did make a terrible noise . Loud rattles came from inside this product . I opened it up to look inside only to find very cheap made gears ! Not even what I would call bevel gears . There was so much slop in the movement between the gears that I feared they would strip out very easily . Well after about 5 minutes of use with a 3/4 '' spade bit -LRB- 2 holes -RRB- . The unit was striped completely out!I should have known with the cheap price it was indeed a cheap product . Save your money and look elsewhere if you value your tools and expect some quality from them .
 Great idea but has limitations . I used it once to drill a 3/8 inch hole in wood . The drill went into impact mode when it encoutered hard wood and locked the drill bit into the chuck . I was unable to remove the drill bit since the chuck had frozen in the locked position . I wound up destroying the chuck to retrieve my drill bit . I would only recommend using this tool for small hole drilling in which case buying a set of drills with the hex shank is cheaper than buying the chuck adapter .
 This product sucks . plain and simple . I used it once and the drill bit turned loose after 10 seconds . then I tried to reinsert , but after opening it up it got stuck on open and would not close any more . at the store they said the spring probably broke . This is after one usage . Makita is overrated garbage . Stick with quality .
 The same story as the rest , Had I read their comments , I would n't be as they are now . This Chuck is a REAL SLAM on Makita . They need to revamp thisTOTALLY .
 I recently painted our dining room and kitchen , and in doing so , accidently got paint on a couple of wall outlets . I went to a hardware store to get replacement outlets and while there discovered the Leviton screwless wallplates . I really like the look of the wallplates , so I decided to purchase the wallplates and matching outlets . I have managed to install just two . Neither one of them will lay flat against the wall . Another Amazon reviewer noted the same issue and stated that that they thought it was because their walls were not flat . I do n't think this is the issue , as I had the same problem with both wallplates myself . In both cases the left side of the wall plate sticks out more than the right side . The first time this happened I had assumed that I messed up the installation , but the second wallplate installed the exact same way . I ended up reinstalling both wall plates , but got the same results , the left side sticks out more than the right . This is very noticable , since the design itself is meant to look like one continous , smooth , flat surface . I attempted to get more information from the Leviton website , but the website is not user friendly.I like the idea behind this product , but the actual product itself is poorly designed and attempting to install the wallplates and matching outlets was a frusturating experience . On a side note , the screws that come with the Leviton wallplate are not long enough for a standard wall box once you add the inner plate that the wallplate snaps onto . I had to replace those screws in order to get the plate , outlet , and wall box to all meet up correctly .
 quality of tool is as advertised . ordered 12-29-09 . did not recieve until 1-19-10 . Ordered collet extension at the same time-been over a month , and still have not recieved it .
 Sometimes you get what you pay for , and sometimes you get less . This cell phone holder , though inexpensive , is an example of a case where one gets less than one pays for . It comes with a throw-away flashlight and a carabiner cheaper than those sold as key rings . It comes without instructions , so if there really is a way to mount it horizontally on one 's belt as stated in the description and on the packaging , I did n't see it . With the flashlight in place , the holder is huge and bulky -- certainly not something that one would wear on a day-to-day basis . The pictures do n't show it with the flashlight -- a marketing person wisely decided it would sell better if prospective customers did n't know what it really looks like.In short , if you were to look at this in a brick and mortar store , you 'd buy something else . Steer clear .
 does not sink nails or keep up with a paslode . tricky loading and fortunetly it has a jam door bacause it jams once a day . My next gun might be senco 's framepro or a paslode .
 Resistance scale only goes to 1000k , Bought it as a multi use meter for electronic/electric troubleshooting but ca n't check heater or resistor troubles .
 Unfortunately I purchased this Fluke Test Tool and I discovered that the resolution is very pooronly 1 volt means no chance to distinguish between 1,49 and 1,51 volts battery measurement , no diode measurement , very low scale for resistance , -LRB- 1000 ohm maximum -RRB- But this is my fault . This is not a tester for electronic engineers , it is ONLY forElectrical Engineers , Installers , and Electrical Power Engineers . The overall design is very good and handy.Take care useful ONLY for Electricians .
 The only upside of this item is that it `` works '' . Everything about it feels cheap . The accessories are a pain to get in and out of the case and the plastic lid that holds the front of the case closed is flimsy . I highly recommend that you spend a little more on something that you wo n't be infinitely disappointed with .
 Right out of the box the dremal itself would not work properly . The variable speed selector only allowed the drill to spin when it was set on high . When set on Med . or Slow it would stop turning . Unfortunately , I never got to use any of the tools that came with it , but if the way the drill worked and the other comments here is any indication ... they will probably suck too . So I called ALLTRADE for customer service -LRB- the number on the back of the manual -RRB- ... and yet another nightmare began . On hold for 45min . only to talk to someone who was difficult at best -LRB- although at this point I was probably no picnic -RRB- . I had to send it in to see if they could fix it or they would replace it ... guess that 's the least they could/should do . I had to send them $ 10.00 for the `` repairs '' of a brand new drill and an additional $ 8.50 to ship basically adding $ 18.50 to my purchase price ... ugh ... do n't buy any of the Kawasaki tools ... Dremal , multi tools ... any of them . JUNK !
 Purchased the rotary tool for about $ 26.00 , thought it was a great deal.The case is a piece of junk , top portion -LRB- the clear plastic -RRB- came horribly scratched . The side latches were broken off so the top did not latch on to the bottom , -LRB- they broke off because someone put a plastic zip strip through the handle to keep it closed and in doing so broke the latches , real smart ! -RRB- Some of the attachments were missing . Very dissapointed . Returned the next day .
 I bought this product for my fiancee , as he 's going to be making little wooden boxes , and I stain and etch and sell them . I thought getting a good little starter set with a lot of pieces would be perfect for him . It arrived on time , I ca n't complain about that at all.However , the first time he used it , the power button popped off , and then he could n't get the little tool that he was using out of the actual machine . The case broke the second he opened it , and now it completely does n't work . I 'm very disappointed and upset because this was his anniversary gift and I thought it 'd be a lot of fun for him because he 's always been interested , but it turned out to be a waste of money.Lucky for us , it comes with a warranty , and we 'll be sending it in so that we can receive a new one . Which coincidentally will be going straight onto Amazon , since I 'd never purchase from this seller or brand ever again .
 weak tool for metal application . doesnt perform well even on the softest metals . although i havent tried it on other materials , the cutting wheels were not helpful on aluminum .
 I got this for use by some high school students in Science Olympiad . It worked great for a couple of hours doing various jobs intermittently . Then while sanding items , it was laid down to get the next piece . When it was picked up to sand the next piece , nothing happened when turned on . The tool totally died that quickly and with absolutely no warning.The only good news is that all of the parts in the kit should be usable by another tool -LRB- a real Dremel tool ? -RRB- that is reliable . Based on the other reviews , I am chalking this up as a learning lesson -LRB- you get what you pay for -RRB- . If it costs any more then the one way shipping for warranty repair , it will be too much .
 I purchase this chisel because the Amazon picture clearly shows `` Made in England '' and also shows bevels on the side of the chisel . The chisel I received has no side bevels and has no indication of country of origin -LRB- although it does say Sheffield Steel -RRB- . I needed a 1/8 '' chisel , with side bevels , to clean up hand cut dovetails . This chisel has the shape of a firmer chisel , unsuited for the work I do , with the product shown different from what I received.I contacted Amazon immediately upon receipt of the product to return the product and received the message `` can not be returned through normal means , contact customer service '' . For this I give Amazon `` one star '' also.I would suggest not buying this chisel -LRB- go on a woodworking forum and you 'll find reputable vendors -RRB- . I purchased it primarily because of the convenience of Prime shipping . I will now re-think far more closely future purchases for the reasons cited -LRB- 1 . product received not as pictured & 2 . requirements to return are out of normal channels -RRB-
 When I first installed the fence , I noticed that the faces of the moveable sub-fences are recessed about 1/16 '' behind the front of the fence itself , making it impossible to get a square cut on any piece that is taller than the sub-fences . The work piece gets pushed out of square by the top part of the fence . I have tried numerous times to get in touch with someone at JessEm to discuss this problem , and no one has gotten back to me.Definitely not the quality product they claim !
 This fence is nice . It is adjustable , rock solid , and easy to move . The `` high boy '' knobs are better than most . The adjustable measuring scales on the side are easy to zero out.However , the dust collection system is backwards . -LRB- 1 -RRB- It will only accept a 2 '' connection . That is Shop Vac size . -LRB- 2 -RRB- If you are a serious hobby woodworker , I think you would have at least 4 '' lines running to each machine . Most dust reducers go from 4 '' to 2 '' - NOT 2 '' . -LRB- 3 -RRB- And you must put the dust connection inside the hole , which is backwards in direction to efficient collection of saw dust . -LRB- 4 -RRB- JessEm makes no adapter for other sizes.They should have made the dust port with a `` nipple '' on top to accept different size connections . Plus that puts the connection reducer on the outside of the hole , NOT inside . Shame on JessEm . Their design team made a big error on the Dust Port . And their Customer Service STINKS!JessEm includes a manual , but it is no better than others . It lacks detail in a lot of areas , just like most manuals . However , with trial and error , most functions are intuitive.This is a nice fence . Worth the high price ? Doubtful .
 Bought this to make some small cuts in the porcelain tile I 'm putting in.Probably made a total of 8 ' in cuts and all the cutting diamonds are gone , the old worn out one made more cuts than this one.Used it with a cordless Makita that has a water supply to keep the blade wet.I 'm trying to find something better now , may have to find another saw .
 Terrible blade . Lasted about 15 cuts on 2 inch wall tile before teeth started to break off . Way to expensive for that .
 the item shown is NOT a Makita 724950-8D Wet/Dry Diamond Saw Blade and the price is NOT what a Makita 724950-8D Wet/Dry Diamond Saw Blade would sell for
 Please do n't waste your money and time . This is the most useless thing I 've ever bought . The lights are so-so , but the adhesive is not going to hold the track and it will peel off . Cheap , that 's for sure , but wo n't save you anything .
 Do n't try to install this on a popcorn ceiling . Even after taking off popcorn and cleaning an area , I still ca n't get the track to stick .
 This bit is about 3/64 '' smaller than 3/4 '' , so dadoes routed with this bit are too small . The cutting edge is also duller than other bits in it 's price range .
 I purchased this lamp so that I could expand lighting in my bedroom which is where I use my pc . I had to buy these 4 '' halogen bulbs and they would only last a few wks . before they would explode ! Finally , the heat from the bulbs cracked the glass dome so rather than be injured , I just threw it away . I purchased it from -LSB- ... -RSB- who I 'll never deal with again . So now I 've been working in the dark because I can not seem to find a decent floor lamp w/a dimmer switch and one large energy saving bulb that just plugs right in . I had a friend who found one at a building store but they were out of stock when I looked for one . Usually I have no problems ordering online but there are exceptions to every rule .
 I read the reviews for this product , but , since I had been looking for this exact lamp for so long I ignored what I did n't want to see . That was the review telling me that the poles to the lamp did not fit together well and the threads that you screwed together did not mesh the way they should . Which leaves the lamp wobbly and unstable , not to mention crooked . So please believe this , the poles do not fit together well and the lamp DOES wobble and is unsteady , which is the last thing you want for a lamp that is very hot and could become a fire hazard . Please keep looking , there has to be a better product than this out there . Mine is in the landfill .
 This may do the trick , but they are relatively flimsy and under tension , the bar flexes too much.I have a higher-end set of clamps , and I like them a lot more .
 The customer service at Jacks Tools is OUTSTANDING ! But the Professional-Grade Polyurethane Recoil Air Hose - 3/8 '' X 25 ' is not what you would expect . I ordered this hose , when it arrived I found that both of the factory ends leaked air . I e-mailed Jacks Tools to explain the problem so they sent me a replacement in no time . When I received the replacement , same problem , leaks at both ends . I have not told Jacks tools about the second problem . I am sure they would probably offer me a refund . The hoses are made in China so what do you expect .
 This is over weight and does not work as will as others I have purchased .
 I ordered this item fully believing that it `` uses existing Ryobi 9.6 V battery packs , '' when in fact it may fit some , but it does not fit all . The 9.6 v Ryobi battery I have is much too large to fit this flashlight , so basically , make sure you have a smaller Ryobi 9.6 v battery before you order .
 9.6 Volt ryobi light unit doesnt take my existing ryobi batteries of the same volt 9.6 Maybe suggest doing more research on this product before describing .
 Do n't work good with a regular arc welding machine . Tried but very bad result , may be I do n't know what I was doing .
 I 've had experience with two CH sprayers now , and this one lives up to the expectations for quality and usability . I highly recommend this sprayer , however I strongly urge buyers to obtain from a different vendor . I received the sprayer as a gift and did not open the box until after the 30-day period . Although the box was in fine shape , there was almost no protective packaging inside to prevent damage to the spray can which easily gets dented by the unit . My spray can is completely unusable due to shipping damage . CPO Outlet was responsive but has directly refused to replace the damaged part . I will have to buy my own replacement as a result of their lack of proper shipment .
 poor finish bad quality and hard to calibrate this is the worst purchase I made in the last month I hate it !!
 Do n't waste your money on this . Put a little more with it and but a real spray system . The really weak part is the gun . I am on my second and have yet to get anything other than Orange peel . I have reconciled the systems shortcomings and now only use it to spray stain . CH has sent me replacement units but will not consider any product exchange . They also know how weak the system is ... Oh by the way , I have the 3300 , which is supposed to be superior to the above model .
 Purchased a collection of Garrity Flashlights and I would rate them at the bottom of the barrel of consumer items . Poor design , rarely work but mysteriously turn on in the drawer and runs batteries out . Stay away .
 this is no the cutter blades . it is the 10 peice bit set for the multitools . very disapointed !!!!!!!!!!!!
 This is a horrid product . We returned it ! The information said it would cover 10 acres . However , when we hooked it up it would not even cover the 1 acre we have that needs the fence . We called the company and they said it would not work on horses and only some dogs if they had short hair . When questioned about the 10 acres it was suppose to work on , they just said well it was an estimate.I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT OR THIS COMPANY !!!
 This fence charger is designed to stop cattle . I can hold the wire and only feel a slight tingle . I bought the charger to stop a small dog from digging out under the fence . The dog crawled all over the wire with no results . And yes it was was installed right . I was raised on a farm and have installed 100 or more fence chargers . I would not recommend this charger .
 My Zareba charger , made in China , lasted about 30 days beyond its 12 month warranty . Talk about -LRB- carefully -RRB- planned obsolescence ! This is compared to my previous charger that lasted about 12 years , which is what you should expect . I wish I could remember the brand . At any rate , give Zareba a miss . A few helpful hints
 I received my bits in poor condition . The outer case had two cracks and was smudged so much it was n't transparent anymore . The drill bits have uneven cutting points and the magnets that hold them in place are a joke . I regret this purchase but am now stuck with them since it will cost as much to keep them -LRB- $ 10.00 -RRB- as it will to ship them back . Do n't buy junk like I just did , buy a Irwin drill bit set instead .
 This item didnt stick worth a damn , I bought it for my mom and she gave it a day and a half to stick and the sucker floated to the top of the water the first time she took a bath . This Item sux
 These tub treads are great at first - but then over time they lift away and must be replaced . We went through 4 pkgs in 2 years and yet I found myself needing to shop for more . That 's when I found the Slip Doctor tub treatment . If you are seeking a non-slip treatment for a porcelain surface such as a tub , I highly recommend consideringBathtub Non Slip Shower Safety Treatment Kitinstead .
 The whole idea behind portable sawhorses is that they are supposed to be portable . Sure these legs fold up , but the pair of them with a 2x6 mounted on them is heavier then my compressor ! That would n't be bad if their weight was offset by stability but it is n't . They have a tendancy to slip and rock when heavy work is put on them or there is any movement of the supported work . This makes them useless as far as I am concerned and they ended up in the jobsite dumpster .
 This is trash . I was looking for a holder for a 9 inch plate -- if I stretch it to fit the plate , the prongs bend . Went right into the recycling bin .
 I was not able to use this product on a 9 inch plate . It was way too tight and got all out of shape when I tried to stretch it . The springs are too short and too light duty . I found one at Aaron Brothers that worked fine .
 I have a 9 '' display plate that I was trying to hang . When I tried to attach this hanger , it bent . It is supposed to fit 7-10 inches but can not span a plat at the upper end of this range .
 Do not purchase this item . It did not stretch to hold the recommended size plate . It broke when I tried to stretch it .
 I guess there is a reason why an item that has an MSRP of $ 318 is selling for around $ 100 . It looks so plastic and cheap . The battery compartment door barely sits in place and the whole unit feels NOT so sturdy . The only heavy duty item in this package is the carrying case , not the unit . Mine did n't even work and was DOA . It was funny , as I was inspecting the unit trying to figure out why it did n't work and I noticed the QA tag on the bottom of the unit and the date and the initials of the person who had tested the unit . Well the most important test was forgotten I guess !?!? I have called and got a replacement unit on the way , but I was a second away from just returning the whole thing and getting something else . If you 're looking for a heavy duty and professional tool , look elsewhere , it is n't this one !
 This is perhaps the stupidest , most frustrating design I 've ever seen in ANY product.The description says
 2x TEKTON 19558 1-3/16 - Inch Jumbo Combination WrenchSold by Boston Industrial Inc. -LRB- Boston Industrial -RRB- Condition
 A BRAIDED nylon cord is always better than a TWISTED nylon cord . So the good thing is that this nylon cord IS braided , which is better for strength and unwanted stretching/expansion is less likely compared with a twisted nylon cord . -LRB- Those twisted nylon cords have a tendency of unraveling after awhile . -RRB- This particular product is advertised with the capability of a `` Load Limit '' of 230 pounds . Yet on the `` Made in China '' product label , it clearly states that the recommended `` Work Load '' is 172 pounds . Nothing on the product label says a Load Limit of 230 pounds.I pointed it out to the vendor , who in turn tried to get clarification from the manufacturer/distributor . After a few weeks , the vendor , to their credit , offered me a refund . However , I will keep the nylon rope but will not use it for the original intended purpose -- I 'll use it for a much lighter work load.Consequently , ff this product was advertised with the correct weight limit , it would have received a 4 star rating .
 I received this lamp and am disappointed in poor workmanship . The jar is placed off center on the base and it has large gaps between two parts of the jar . In addition , the coloring and glazing are sloppy leaving gray areas around and underneath the jar.The color is beautiful though and the lamp is large and makes a statement in my room . Too bad you can clearly see poor workmanship close up .
 Should have paid attention to the reviews about leaking . After one use it leaked like made where the tip goes in.Sprays fine but not any good if it dripping on to the area.All plastic so I figured I did not tighten enough . Went to use again and when I tightened the tool they give you broke . So take apart get the pieces out , put the needle back and tighten and the piece that it screws into breaks out of the gun . This is a piece all right .
 I wanted to love this little spray paint machine , but I just ca n't recommend it . No matter how much I thinned the paint , I could not achieve a consistent spray . It was blotchy and drippy and took forever to dry because I watered it down so much . In the time it took to dry of course all kinds of dust got in the paint and made the finish even worse . I think this really needs to be redesigned to work well unfortunately .
 The product description should have included the measurement of the item . This is very tiny than it appears in the photo .
 I purchased two of these Hunter switches for existing ceiling fans . They work and control the fan as intended but the design made the installations problematic . The switch is big ... fitting it into a wire crowded electrical box was difficult ... and in one case impossible.The frame of the switch has an attached ground wire placed next to , and on the same plane as , the lower mounting screw cut-out ... making it impossible for one side of the installed switch to lay flat against the box . One of these installations replaced a similar switch from Leviton . Because the Leviton is slightly smaller , it fit into the box which would not accommodate the Hunter switch , it lays flat and was much easier to install . the Leviton also seems to be of better quality and will be my replacement switch when the time comes.Edited to note that replacement time came within two weeks of the installation when the plastic connector on the Hunter switch broke .
 Item works as it should , but the slide stem is a poor design and breaks easily . I am going with another product now .
 I have 4 of these installed by my builder . 2 have broken knobs -- they simply break too easily . Please look elsewhere now , or you 'll be looking elsewhere later after you break the knob in 4 months.Also -- like another reviewer stated , the L1 setting is reallllllllllly slow , and has no useful purpose .
 It worked first time placing it in but the real work came to precisely lift the light or the fan knob up/down . I also liked the built it plastic knobs that easily pop off and its find waldo time to get it from the floor if you noticed it popping out . If you do glue be sure just lightly do it or its one giant mess ... but the glue wont hold these plastic pieces down as they will come off again and again ... its adventure built right in .
 Truly a sorry control.Buy anything but this . Low speed barely moves , high speed is high , if you go to a lower speed it might stop .
 The switch operated very well for about 2 weeks and then the slider broke off . I would not reccomend this switch at all . The slider needs to be thicker .
 I just received the pad today and it is not what is pictured or described . I will try contacting the company , but for $ 10 it 's hardly worth the effort . If what you need is a solid rubber pad with a raised cone-like center , then this is for you . But if you need the 5 '' 8 hole disc with 3 screw holes , you 're out of luck .
 apparently it was mis-coded ? the photo shows an orbital sanding pad with holes-twas soooo not so i sent it back
 This backing pad was very expensive and wore out after only a few uses . I have always had good luck ordering items through Amazon but this one was a total lemon !
 received item several weeks beyond when I expected it . company claims fault was with USPS . once they were made aware of the problem , they did ship the item ordered .
 Did not receive what I ordered . The nails were not galvanized . No wonder it was such a `` good deal '' Oh well live and learn .
 I ordered this item -LRB- MERV 11 -RRB- and just received MERV 8 rated filters . I contacted this seller but the seller has not responded.I suggest that if you are planning on ordering this filter from this seller , make sure that you receive the same rated filter . MERV 8 is cheaper than MERV 11 and not as efficient .
 The wrench did n't fit the buffer/sander , even though the part number cross-referenced with the Makita website ! I 'd like to return it for a full refund .
 Advertised a set of ten -LRB- photo of box said 10 -RRB- and when recived it was one light . Returned dor a refund . Amazon made the seller pull the deceptive ad .
 The product photo showing a simple flat rectangular night light does not represent what you get when you order . Instead , you get the ugly , thicker , arched & ridged lights in the customer-supplied image.While the ugliness does n't really merit a 1-star rating by itself , the inaccurate representation of the product is hard to forgive , since I was looking specifically for the plain flat rectangle style light and could have ordered one from another listing had I known this photo was not correct .
 I ordered this for my husband to be able to see around the house in the morning without bumping into things . First off I did n't receive the modern sleek looking one as pictured , I got 4 that looked like maybe the old version and not quite as attractive . Second they glow , but not enough to see something an inch away . They are practically useless and they have them at Walmart for half as much . I will be going to Walmart to buy new night lights that work .
 One of the bulbs was DOA and the other two burnt out within days of being installed . My GE CFLs have lasted for years . Would never purchase these again.Save yourself money and time by getting a better quality bulbs at Home Depot for less than $ 2 a bulb.Edited to add
 I have used 4 of the 6 that I ordered . The light is clean and bright , and not harsh . And it was the cost-savings and environmental benefits that compelled my purchase . However , one of the four bulbs was defective -- it burnt out on the 3rd day , after less that 5 hours of use . And the dimensions of these lights are much longer than conventional bulbs , so they stick out from our kitchen 's recessed lighting fixtures as well as the sconce that illuminates the driveway . I would recommend finding alternatives closer in length to conventional bulbs .
 Warning ! This item does not come with rotating leveling base as shown in the photos . As pictured it would have been perfect for my project ... as is , it is useless . Back it goes !
 If you should see this turtle , show it a little kindness , and point it towards Michigan for me , please.I really would like to write a product review about these furnace filters . However , I would need to receive them first . -LRB- not just the charge to my credit card . -RRB- I know it 's my own fault , I should have looked at the `` seller profile '' first and avoided a seller with a declining satisfaction rating . Oh well , lesson learned.Product review to follow , soon I hope.Edit , 01-16-2012The turtle has arrived ! Crossing three states in 10 days , @ an average rate of 3.27 miles per hour.The good news . The filters appear to be of equal quality to the Honeywell filters I am replacing , not just a cheap inferior knockoff . -LRB- same surface area , etc. -RRB- Actual size is as stated on the webpage and the correct size for my `` Honeywell FC100/200 Media Filter '' housing . These filters a rated at MERV 11 , the Honeywell filters are MERV 12 -LRB- a little better -RRB- . I feel the filters are 4 stars plus , CFS -LRB- complete filtration services -RRB- , zero stars or less . Raising rating from one star to two stars overall.I would order these filters again , but maybe from a different seller if I did n't want to wait 2 or 3 weeks for delivery.Edit , 01-24-2012Ordered 2 additional filters , but from a different seller , `` Filter Guru '' . Shipped the same day they were ordered , arrived the next day . I would have been happy if they had arrived in a week .5 stars - Filter Guru !
 I was disappointed that the product is advertised as 20 `` x25 `` x5 '' , but when it arrived it was only 20 `` x24 3/4x4 `` x4 1/4 '' wide ??? It even said on the filter 4 1/4 '' , and also had the 20 `` x25 `` x5 '' in bold print on the same part of the filter . This is misleading ! If it 's only 4 1/4 '' wide , that 's what it should say , and be advertised as , not 5 '' wide ! -20 `` x24 3/4 `` x4 1/4 '' . You 're getting 1 '' less in total dimensions !
 For some reason they quote it at &#34; rounded &#34; dimensions when the actual device it are quite specific . This enabled me to order the wrong device and have to pay for its return .
 I purchased this tool to put up OSB on a new shop and patio project I was starting . The MAX brand was recommended by some of the contractors who had started on my project . I liked the features and researched the company and bought the tool.When I received the Stapler it looked professional and well made but it was clear that the internal quality was n't nearly as good . The stapler ram -LRB- bar that pushes the staple down -RRB- sticks routinely about a quarter of an inch below the head of the staple and then no longer shoots staples . This started on the first clip of staples . I thought it might just be a tight fit and needed to have some staples run through to break it in but it has continued to stick well past 8 clips of staples . It sticks and then the quick release on the front has to be opened and the ram forced back with a screwdriver and then re-assembled . It sticks every third staple or so now . I called the manufacture to try to get a replacement thinking I got a lemmon but MAX will not accept the tool back and I must send it to a service center to be repaired and returned . If you call their service center directly stay away from `` Steve '' . He does n't care about your problems with their tools and they are un-willing to stand behind their tools.I have taken it to the service center and even the technician there said I got a `` bad one '' . Because they have lock tight on the bolts holding the tool together they will have to heat the casing up to break the bolts free . This involves flames so the least I can expect is a torched case when I get it back.Stay away from the MAX brand .
 I bought this item and went to hang some shelves using it.There was no bubble fluid in the center bubble making it all but useless , not too thrilled with my purchase.Richard
 Are you kidding I know it 's only a few bucks but the extreamly poor quality is beyond what I would call cheap ! Tried to mount the damn thing with the screws they provided -- Ha , all 4 snapped in half when trying to screw them in , I even drilled pilot holes . Honestly I am getting really tired of the `` Made in China '' thing . Ca n't these companies spend a penny per 10,000 screws and get something a little better than diecast.I give this company a -1 on a whole for quality !!! I will never buy another one of their products . I could do a better job with tinfoil and duct tape .
 Works good , replacement bulbs are expensive , the ballast on the first one lasted about two years , this was a replacement purchase .
 Like almost all solar lighting products on the market , this one fails miserably , and becomes landfill within a month . Worse , to change batteries -LRB- and replace the cheap , useless one that it comes with , you must disassemble the product . This did no good in my case , as even after replacing with a fresh battery , it failed to light . The reason , in my estimation , is that the circuitry , the `` guts '' of the light are not water tight . A little rain , a little sprinkler , a little heavy dew , and everything inside is wet . Not a good environment for electronics . Looked lovely for almost three weeks , then it died , never to run again . Save your money and the environment , do not buy these. ;
 I agree with prior review . Mine stopped working after first rain . Even after I took apart and drained water out could not get to work .
 We put two of these lovely looking lanterns together and are still waiting for the lights to at least flicker a tiny little bit . Fireflies in the backyard give off more light . There 's hope - we still have one unopened package .
 I received product quickly and thru some personal issues could not install for quite a while . When I finally got counter installed from Home Depot I was able to install sink . It fit the hole fine , but the underside of the sink was curved from the baking process when manufactured . I had to grind the high spots down and use extra caulking to make it work . Both my contractor and plumber told me I should have just returned it . If I had my project would have been further delayed . I feel like I got a `` Second '' or `` Re-ject '' sink . In the end I was able to make it work , but for the money ... poor quality or bad inspection ...
 We 've had this nice , adorable lamp for eight months . Over the last two days , the main light bulb part would flicker when turning on or off the lamp -LRB- like the bulb would burn out -RRB- . However , this morning the part that the bulb screws into was smoking and flickering orange and we quickly unpluged it . The baby 's room was filled with electrical smoke and my husband and I were sick to our stomachs thinking what might have happened if we had walked in fifteen minutes later while our baby was still asleep in there ! Do yourself a favor and do n't buy this lamp . Why would you ever put your child in a dangerous situation .
 Today I 'll be going to Babies ` R'Us to report this lamp , and also to Consumer Reports . Last night , I was feeding our baby in her nursery with the overhead light on , and the nightlight portion of this lamp on , like it always is . I noticed some flickering from the area of the main bulb . I thought the bulb was going to pop until I realized only the nightlight was on . That 's when I noticed the awful smell and realized that the flickering was sparks of flame coming from inside the lamp!Can you imagine what might have happened if I 'd already put the baby to bed and gone upstairs ? Or if this had happened while we were out of town for the weekend ? My poor wife could hardly sleep last night and we brought the baby upstairs to sleep with us because her room smelled like an electrical fire.This lamp can be as cute as it likes , and it is nice to look at , but it needs to be taken off the market right now . I 'm not the only person who 's had this experience , I see . If you must have this lamp because it sooooo cuuuute , then do yourself a favor and do n't plug it in .
 I bought this lamp less than a year ago to replace my 3 yr . old 's outlet night light . I liked the fact that it was a night light and could also be used as a lamp for softer lighting than the overhead ceiling fan lights . But , to my disappointment , the night light portion has `` died '' and now I am searching for a new lamp/night light . For the money , I had hoped it would last a least a couple of years !
 I 've used this lamp for 4 months and last night it nearly caught fire . I only had the night light portion on and noticed a burning noise and a bad smell . Then it started to flicker and spark , we were able to turn it off and unplug it before anything worse happened . It was n't my outlet as I had a humidifer also plugged in with no problems . Luckily , I happened to be in the room at the time .
 The reel has a very weak spring and is so small inside that it will not accept the final 10 inches of cord . I would usually purchase much higher end tools , but i will not use it more than 2 to 3 times a year , so I 'll keep it . This is not for any serious home shop or for long term use .
 I can not recommend this saw ... I tried a few cheap saws without the sliding table and they did n't support the tile throughout the cut . So I upgraded to this saw . Out of the box , it seemed heavy and parts looked solid . The instructions were not great but I worked through them . I made a test cut on an 11 '' tile and I found that the saw was about 1/4 '' out of alignment . Also , even though I was going super-slow through the cut , the blade froze up multiple times.So onto tuning the saw ... They have two possible adjustments to make the blade and sliding table parallel . One is to put shims into the motor mount and the other is to adjust the bar that the table slides on . I followed the instructions and squared the table to the blade , no problem . But as I slid the table back and forth with the square on it it would ride out about 1/8 '' . I tried over and over and just could n't realize what was going on . Finally I had to conclude that the table and the bar it rides on are not perpendicular . But there is no setting for that . So you can get the bar and the blade parallel but you can not get a good cut out of this machine.Just like on a table saw , your miter slot and blade need to be dead parallel and then you can square the miter guage to the blade.The other odd thing is that they put the pump in the dirty water bin . Why not give us another 2 ft of hose to put it in a clean bucket?Pros : Seems solid and heavyquiet motorgood water flownot too many partsslide mechanism seemed okCons : You get what you get out of the box ... no square aligmentWater did n't always flow back into the tubnot enough hose to put the pump in a clean bucketNot enough power in the motorMade in ChinaBin is n't easy to emptyCheap plastic miter tools -LRB- did n't use them ... -RRB- sliding table not great for trimming 1 '' of a 12 '' tile
 I thought I would try this small saw for a small bathroom on the 3rd floor . Out of the box it took about 20 minutes to assemble . Then with the very first tile I cut the alignment was way off . 9 1/2 '' on one end and 9 3/4 '' on the other . After looking I noticed there were some adjustments . Now 6 or 8 cuts later and wasted tiles it was still bad . With the table guide skewed completely the way I wanted it it still was not correct . I then called the manufacture to tell them the problems and I did not get a call back for 2 hours . When I spoke to the technical rep I was told that it must have been damaged and to return it . Now , the entire frame where the motor mounts was skewed and misaligned with the entire saw . This was obviously welded wrong and a quality control issue , but he did have a nice excuse . For it to be damaged the way it was a truck would have to run it over even though the box showed zero damage . 1 '' box steel is not bent from dropping it . Made in China from another company that once built quality products here in the USA . All said and done half the day was wasted and that cost my business more then this dumb saw was ever worth .
 Sure , it fits in place of the the spacegard 2400 filter # 401 . BUT it has only about 1/3 of the folds of the original item - no wonder its cheap . The seller should not show a picture of a real filter # 401 when their product is inferior .
 They show a picture of a complete set and then send you one socket . This place is a ripoff . They know exactly what they are doing conning people into thinking they are going to get an 11 piece set with that picture .
 This rope only lasted one month outside before it was rotten and brokemaybe good for inside jobs watch yourself
 Batteries hold up well but takes both hands and a little manuvering to get out of the charger once locked in place . Thought I was going to break one of the tangs getting it out ! Battery wo n't charge until it 's fully locked into the charger !
 This tape worked well until the return spirng failed . The return spring is totally out of commission . It has broken in several places . Looks like a material defect . DF
 A week after I purchased this reel , the spring loaded mechanism broke , and the cord would no longer retract . Being handy , I was able to take apart the mechanism , get a stronger spring and fix the reel . It works great now , but I would not expect a `` Professional '' series cord reel to break so relatively easily in my home garage . I would definitely not recommend this to a friend .
 I bought this product for my homeowner 's garage/shop . Electrical components great.But ... If if you 're buying this extension cord for it 's ability to rewind -LRB- I thought that was the purpose of a retractable reel cord -RRB- - It just do n't get it done . Period .
 50 feet is what I needed , but I did n't wa n't to poke the last 10 feet in .4 more words . one .
 Install was easy and looks good on the ceiling of my work shop , but failed to produce . Works ok with my sander and shop-vac , but ca n't handle my table saw . I attempted to run my small 1 1/2 HP table saw with it and the breaker popped.The length of the cord is nice , but the retractable reel is weak . I have to guide the cord back into the reel.Spend some extra cash and get an industrial grade reel .
 This lamp arrived yesterday and 30 seconds after opening it I threw it in the garbage.It is very flimsy and needs a specialty light bulb which it does not come with . I thought I was getting a normal lamp which would take a normal light bulb.The ad was VERY misleading . This lamp was a complete ripoff .
 i was very displeased with this product it seamed very flimssy and bot sturdy and it looks very cheap and not classy at all
 On the plus side : I love the extremely strong magnet and the fact that the vial lights up when the laser is turned on . On the minus side
 This product is cheap ... This light flickers on and off because the battery dose n't fit the whole unit properly -LRB- they are different color yellow -RRB- causing the connection to fail a lot . I charge it all the time but it makes not difference . I will be investing in something much better soon . I 'll limp it through . .
 I ordered this product last December for work . Worked 4 times for 5 minutes after hitting the power switch and it completely stopped working . Called Bayco and they suggested that maybe it was just a bulb . So I wasted another $ 8.00 on a bulb . No change.I bought a Makita the next day because I really did not have time to play around with Bayco . They told me I would have to pay shipping and handling to have them look at it . Fed up -LRB- and unaware that Amazon had a return policy -RRB- I threw it in the closet and forgot about it until now . And I come to find out that Amazon WOULD HAVE taken this piece of crap back . Not anymore.I 'll send this junker back to Bayco , pay the shipping , then sell it on Craigslist to at least get my money back on the shipping and feel like at least I made Bayco fix this.Thank you for the wonderful product Amazon . Should have pulled it from your inventory when the first guy said it stunk . News flash
 This product SUCKS !!!! It does not last 4 hours , even when the battery is on the charger for 3 days . About 15 minutes of light , that 's all . Do n't buy !
 This item disintegrated when placed in a sunny area covering a flat surface . Completely worthless for covering cord wood or other items for longer than 1 month .
 eye holes are ripping out after a small wind to cheap -- rip - stop polyethylene tarp only worth 3.49 get what you pay for
 I 'm very disappointed with this level!I bought to use when I 'm on scaffold . It fell off the first day , almost hit coworker ! Not safe ! I have refridgerator magnets that are stronger . NOT worth the money . I 'll pay and get the stabilla this time , I 'd rather pay more and have it work !
 I purchased this knife for my spouse who is elderly and can not cut meat . This rocker knife is really sharp and cuts like butter through chicken , steak , pork and more . Unfortunately , the handle is very slim so it 's difficult for even me to hold and I do n't have any dexterity problems . I used coban -LRB- medical tape -RRB- to `` Fatten '' the handle which helps but now I have to hand wash it so the coban does n't get wet . I may try to get a piece of foam but I wish I had purchased the Oxo brand which had a fat handle . If you need sharpness , this is great but if you need something with substance to hold onto , keep looking !
 I 'm wondering if anyone else had this problem , but the switch plate did not fit right over the switch . The screws were n't long enough or something . I was disappointed because it 's so cute !
 This item is very cute and goes with the Locomotion Nursery Decor that I purchased . However , I could not purchase the switchplate because the single is the only one sold . I have a double in the nursery.Danielle , Ca
 ls-9875lite-sourceDon ' t buy lamps from this company . If any part breaks , they wo n't replace it . They claim that their distributors will replace it , but when you call the distributors , the distributors have the same porblem `` lite-source wo n't give us parts `` Lite Source LS-9875MULTI Calypso 5-Light Floor Lamp with Multi-Crackled Glass Shades , Polished Steel
 I have owned this lamp for 3 years and still love the way it looks . BUT , it takes a ridiculously expensive and hard to find bulb -LRB- $ 13.91 ea here on Amazon40Watt 120Volt E12 B Type Incandescent Bulb -RRB- You can not use a standard `` candelabra '' type bub . It sticks way out past the shade . We have tried other substitutions but none of them work out right . BOO .
 You can buy essentially this same lamp at Home Depot and Target for $ 20 . The only difference is that in those lamps the shades are plastic and not glass . IMHO , it 's not worth the difference .
 This review is solely related to this seller , CPO Bosch , not the product . The item description clearly indicates that 3 blades are included . When I got the product , no blades were included . After four e-mails and a month of waiting I have still received no response . I 've tried their amazon e-mail address and customer support through their website . Nothing . I have n't tried out the saw yet because I was hoping I would n't have to go out and buy new blades , but I know I wo n't get any help from this seller if anything is wrong . Luckily , the tool itself has a factory warranty . Bottom line , take into account the additional cost of saw blades -LRB- those Bosch progressor blades can get expensive -RRB- and the lack of ANY customer support when you decide to purchase from this seller .
 Great saw but CPO did not provide the three blades on this reconditioned saw that comes with a new model . Note there is another review pointing this out - so it is not an oversight .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I bought this Dremel because it is the only one that works with Dremel 's new multisaw attachment . With that attachment , which is sold separately , you can use it like a miniature reciprocating saw -LRB- Sawzall -RRB- . Just pop any `` T '' or `` U '' shaped jigsaw blade in , and you 're in business . I do n't know of another tool that can be used in this way , and for that reason and that reason alone this Dremel is worth owning.I already own another multiple-speed Dremel , and I thought I 'd sell it once I bought this . But I 'm keeping both because this new Dremel simply feels cheap and poorly made . It seems like its plastic case is flimsier and it does n't feel as balanced when it 's operating . It certainly is n't ergonomic . Any Dremel user who buys this latest model will instantly notice the drop-off in quality.On the good side , the multisaw attachment works well and the molded plastic case is designed to hold the Dremel , the multisaw and planer attachments , jigsaw blades , the included circle cutter and flex shaft . The kit also includes two bit sets that lock onto the top of the case , with room for two more on the sides.There 's no way I can tell if this Dremel will last . I 've put a pretty good load on the motor , and it has n't failed . But I think that if I drop it more than a few feet onto a hard surface , it will break . The shaft lock button feels particularly cheap and uncertain . I expect it to break first.Despite all my concerns I 'm keeping this Dremel . But I 'll only use it when I need the multisaw or planer attachment -LRB- the planer attachment must be purchased separately ... it only comes with the higher-priced kit -RRB- . Any other time I 'll use my other Dremel -LRB- model no. 3956-02 -RRB- . It 's extremely unfortunate that at the same time it has chosen to make the most versatile Dremel yet , the company also decided to cut corners on quality . Dremel doubtlessly wanted to keep the price down on this unit , but in doing so they 've produced a multi-function tool that feels like a toy .
 I have used the Dremel MultiPro for a LONG time . However , the XPR is a major disappointment . The only reason I purchased it was for the proprietary planer attachment that only works with this model . Before I did the planing work , I intended to cut some aluminum stock with a heavy cutoff blade . 1 inch in on a 2 inch cut the motor burned up and it died . Brand new pile of garbage . I 've used my multipro to do this exact same job multiple times as well as much heavier gauge metals such as steel . This pile of garbage is going back and I 'll find another way of doing my planing work .
 The tool heats up very quickly during short use . Air vent placement might account for some of the heat , older model have it on top not on the side . When holding this XPR model my hands sometimes block the vents . Have to hold down shaft lock bottom really hard to remove collet nut , the shaft keeps slipping . Took the tool apart and found that the shaft lock pin is a lot smaller than the opening on the shaft . Just does not feel like a sturdy well made tool the first time I held it . Very disappointed with this tool .
 I fully agree with above reviewers . I bought one of these and right away suspected that it would n't last . I was right . After 2 or 3 uses the on/off switch would not slide to the `` on '' position any more . The earlier model Dremels were much better . Avoid this 400 series , the less expensive 300 series is much better .
 Just bought it to replace my older Dremel -LRB- which lasted 10 + years ! -RRB- . Within 10 minutes of using it , I heard a popping sound and smoke started coming out of it ! So I finally get a replacement , and guess what ? It starts smoking after another 10 minutes of use , wo n't even rev up anymore , just sputters along . I still like dremel , but this is a very poorly thought out and made item . Overheats like crazy !
 My 3981-01 got stolen a few days ago , and I picked this up as a replacement since the box makes it sound like the next best thing since sliced bread.This Dremel is far shy of the quality of my old one -- it 's definitely cheap plastic , with even cheaper button & dial materials . While the additional RPMs are all well and good , I highly doubt it will last long in regular use . Looks like it 's off to RotoZip for me !
 Length :
 From day one I had a problem tightening the collet . No matter how hard I held down the shaft lock button , I would feel it tighten and then click and spin past the tight position - just going around and around and never truly tightening . Numerous times the metal bit flew right out while the tool was running . Once it flew out with such velocity I never saw the bit again -LRB- could n't find it -RRB- . Finally the metal teeth of the collet broke off and the thing is now unuseable . I also had the same problem as another reviewer where the switch gummed up and could not be slid from off to on without the help of a screwdriver or such . And there was no documentation describing what the different bits are for - pretty stupid .
 The tool does have a lot of uses and is definitely versatile . But , what other people have remarked holds very true : - a first time owner would have probably liked to have some instructions explaining what everything in the kit does and how it is used . Having to search online to figure out which one is supposed to be the # 401 mandrel is lame ; - the tool feels in your hand as if Dremel outsourced the design and manufacturing to Fisher-Price ; - overheating seems to be a problem - a short session sharpening my lawnmower blade made the motor scary-hot -LRB- it has n't burned out yet , but it feels like it 's heading in the general direction -RRB- - some attachments are supposed to be limited up to a certain rpm - but in this latest and greatest version of its mainstay tool , Dremel marks the speed selector from 0 to 10 . Hard to know what number is supposed to be 15k rpm , the max speed advised by some attachments.I fell into the trap of `` newer must be better '' , even though the 300 series felt so much better in my hand when I visited the home improvement store ...
 If you want to spend your hard earned money on a tool that will overheat and die on simple tasks , this is the tool for you . Unfortunately , mine died after the warranty date since I do n't use it that often . I 'd say mine had a grand total of 1 hour of time on it and it 's now a paperweight.I notice there is no mention of this model on Dremel 's site and for good reason , they know it 's a POS and want to sweep it under the rug.Dremel has become synonymous with rotary tools much like Kleenex has become synonymous with facial tissues . Unfortunately for Dremel , their product line is getting worse . I also have the cordless 10.8 V Li model and it too is severely lacking in both strength and longevity.Time to look for a company that makes rotary tools for the long haul.Dremel , you had your day and you blew it . You will eventually realize that word of mouth will show your substandard trinkets for what they are and will watch your market share fade into the wind.I looked at replacing this POS with the 4000 series but realized I 'd just be throwing good money after bad to a company that obviously cares more about its revenue stream than the quality of its tools and the satisfaction of its consumers.I now have to research and find a rotary tool ... one that hopefully accepts all of the Dremel attachments ... and cut ties with Dremel . Should they eventually start producing/marketing quality tools , I may try them out once again . As of now ? No dice . I work too hard for my money to piss it away on garbage that dies when doing simple tasks .
 I had n't used the 400 XPR more than 5 hours over the course of a year to cut lightweight materials before it burned out just like many other reviewers have experienced.Since it was out of warranty I decided to take it apart to see what went wrong . The entire construction of this tool is worthless . The housing for the brushes is a poorly fitting plastic fitting that comes loose from the motor case , this tool is hopeless.Save your money and look for a new brand , Dremel does not produce quality tools anymore.If I could , I would give this 0 or negative stars .
 Very disappointed . Motor burnt out spectacularly first time out , with a very minimal job cutting fine silver wire with a jewelers saw . Complete waste of money .
 I 've been thru 2 of these in less than 3 months . With little run time and a very moderate work load I blew out 2 of these units , they just ca n't handle any pressure without overheating . Use it as a light sander or to remove some rust or basic polishing but do n't push it or BLAM!Dremel 400-2/51 400 Series XPR Rotary Tool Kit With 51 Accessories
 Burned up in five minutes of use . Improper usage ? I 've owned a dremel tool for 15 years and it always worked perfectly . I finally broke the old one and decided to `` upgrade '' to something better . What a mistake . I managed to cut about 6 inches of flooring before a truly impressive amount of smoke pored out.I 'm in shock . Dremel - what 's the deal ?
 Albeit , to counter my review title , for small jobs , the Dremel is useful and handy , plus the high RPM allows for expert cutting , sanding and grinding -LRB- after lost of practice -RRB- . However , for the price , you really do n't get much . The product is forever dependent on Dremel accessories , heats up a LOT at high RPMs , ca n't handle any type of real work -LRB- this is good for small projects as I said , nothing of contractor grade -RRB- , and does not have a trigger switch , which I think would help a lot.If you really want a Dremel , go to your local auto store and buy the Chinese version of the tool for $ 19.99 ... you 'll save money and it will do the job just as good .
 ***** At present there is only one other review for for this item , a five-star review . If you click to see all of that reviewer 's reviews , you 'll see he only has two -- both Dremel items . This always makes me wonder if the reviewer works for that company . ***** Here is my honest opinion of this Dremel : I bought this Dremel because it is the only one that works with Dremel 's new multisaw attachment . With that attachment , which is sold separately , you can use it like a miniature reciprocating saw -LRB- Sawzall -RRB- . Just pop any `` T '' or `` U '' shaped jigsaw blade in , and you 're in business . I do n't know of another tool that can be used in this way , and for that reason and that reason alone this Dremel is worth owning.I already own another multiple-speed Dremel , and I thought I 'd sell it once I bought this . But I 'm keeping both because this new Dremel simply feels cheap and poorly made . It seems like its plastic case is flimsier and it does n't feel as balanced when it 's operating . It certainly is n't ergonomic . Any Dremel user who buys this latest model will instantly notice the drop-off in quality.On the good side , the multisaw attachment works well and the molded plastic case is designed to hold the Dremel , the multisaw and planer attachments , jigsaw blades , the included circle cutter and flex shaft . The kit also includes two bit sets that lock onto the top of the case , with room for two more on the sides.There 's no way I can tell if this Dremel will last . I 've put a pretty good load on the motor , and it has n't failed . But I think that if I drop it more than a few feet onto a hard surface , it will break . The shaft lock button feels particularly cheap and uncertain . I expect it to break first.Despite all my concerns I 'm keeping this Dremel . But I 'll only use it when I need the multisaw or planer attachment . Any other time I 'll use my other Dremel -LRB- model no. 3956-02 -RRB- . It 's extremely unfortunate that at the same time it has chosen to make the most versatile Dremel yet , the company also decided to cut corners on quality . Dremel doubtlessly wanted to keep the price down on this unit , but in doing so they 've produced a multi-function tool that feels like a toy .
 Hope I 'm not the only one to notice this , but compared to the older Dremel that I had used for years , this new model feels a little more flimsy in comparison . The real problem came when I used the XPR for an extended amount of time . After using the stone cutting blade for about half an hour , the unit got too hot to hold with bare hands , and stated emitting a burning smell . I had to let the unit cool off , and left wondering if I made the right purchasing decision ... If it 's any indication , the unit comes with a small set of rotary bits . Though the inside of the toolbox holding the bits was made of cheap molded plastic that can be crushed by a finger . Leaves me wondering what other corners were cut to keep the cost down . My confidence on Dremel as a brand had been scarred by this new series .
 All but one unit has burned up , after only a few hours of usage , total.The failure in each is exactly the same . There is barking noise , the motor slows down , smoke emits.The XPR 400 is a discontinued junk joke .
 I bought this because of the IR name , and because it seemed well-constructed , well-designed , and robust . It works well and its strong . Intelligently placed speed adjustment is nice . Feels good in your hand.The bad :1 -RRB- The half case is a complete waste . What 's the point ? Either shave a few bucks off the price and pack it in a cardboard box , or up the price a few bucks and give the customer a case that serves a purpose .2 -RRB- The buffing pads that are included belong on a Harbor Freight tool . In fact , the HF pads I 've used in a pinch might be better . The backing plate is mid-quality at best , and I ca n't upgrade to a nice backing plate because of `` bad # 3 '' .3 -RRB- My biggest gripe - and THIS IS HIGHLY ANNOYING - is the shaft output size . 5/16-24 male thread ? Seriously ? What accessory manufacturer makes products that use this size ? Worse than that , what accessory manufacturer makes an adapter that will convert 5/16-24 male to something useful ? Oh wait , none.I would n't recommend this tool because of the poorly-selected thread size . It 's a shame . It renders the polisher nearly useless .
 We have had this for about 5 months now . Other reviews I have read noted that it seemed to be made of `` cheap '' plastic . I have n't noticed any deficiencies there . -LRB- we 've dropped it a few times -RRB- . It has many usefull attachments and has been invaluable to myself for minor home repair , and my wife for sculpting stone -LRB- which she does alot -RRB- . It has come time to replace the carbon motor brushes -LRB- recomended about every 40 to 50 hours of use -RRB- and ca n't find them anywhere online or in local stores . The XPR takes a new kind of motor brush and no one carries it ! We 're looking at about 150 hours on it now and the motor is showing signs of needing the brush replaced -LRB- inconsistant speed and power -RRB- so it sits USELESS until this item becomes available .
 This tool is poorly designed . Lasted about 2 weeks before burning out . Even the more expensive fiberglass cutting discs do not last for a decent amount of time when cutting 20 gauge sheet metal . Lacks Torque . Might be good for a small job that you only need to use it 2 to 3 times very lightly .
 I noticed recently that the 400 XPR was missing from the Dremel line . Noticing all the failures and a loose front bearing , I decided to take mine apart and see how it was built . And maybe add some lube .1 -RRB- The front bearing was not worn . Rather , Bosch neglected to design proper support for the 626 cartridge . Other Bosch tools would have at least some rubber to force the bearing against the clam shell case . Not here . The rear bearing has a rubber boot likely to allow the armature to self align .2 -RRB- The fan is a work of genius . It is an impeller fan facing the front . These are meant for sucking air from the center of the impeller and throwing it out to the edge . Think Kirby vacuum cleaner . It does not appear to be pulling air in from the back of the tool and is thus not cooling anything but perhaps the front bearing . Is this just here to keep the motor from running away ? This should be a standard fan like in the old Dremel tools .3 -RRB- No heat sink on the triac . So what if it is only 2 amps max draw on the motor . The triac , which pulses the current in the speed control , will eventually overheat when there is no airflow over it and the very good chance for dust buildup.When you reed of these 400 XPR tools catching fire it is likely the triac burning up . The acrid smoke can come from the epoxy case of the triac.As of fall 2011 , Bosch no longer makes the speed control board available as a replacement part . I am afraid to use mine now that I know the insides .
 This thing should come with a warning label ! It blew when I was doing detail sanding on hardwood , when it went it blew this black smoke that was very caustic to my throat.Now , I am no stranger to Dremel having had several others , all of which lasted for years , but this model was a lemon . I returned it to the store and they gave me another one , IT DIED AFTER 3 WEEKS OF USE!Keep all Dremels away from heavy use , keep them for quick cuts or light sanding and if you have to work them let them cool often , they just do n't hold up like they used to especially this model , do n't push it too far or BLAM !
 First off I love tools and have quite a collection , but they have to be reliable . I bought this maybe a few years ago and have used it only a handful of times and I just burned out the second one . The first one stopped working while doing some light routing work on some pine , which is a soft wood . I sent it to the company , who replaced it for free , and just burned out the second one after using it probably two or three times . Most recently it was used to cut off a stripped screw , that 's what killed it , a screw . Anyway , I 'm very disappointed and would not recommend this tool , or really any other Dremel . I suppose there 's always Rotozip .
 i give magnus an A + for his review and agree with him 100 % . . operation manual pieces and discription and the bits and accessaries are not label or coded for easy idenification . I had phoned customer service after opening and reviewing the poor discription for such a box full of loose plastic pieces that cost big bucks separately . more in the field of home improvements rather a wood carving hobbyist , i can tell you i bought this for trying to router than chisel the butt plates for 8 interior doors . Not one set of instructions did i find for use of bits intended for this job in the instruction booklet provided . i also broke two cutting disks trying to figure out which or what a madrel was all about . i got to say the 400 does n't fit in the millcraft router converter i ordered along with this on amazon . so that was a waiste of return shipping charges . I smoked a 193 cutting bit that cost me separately -LRB- not included in this 90 piece set -RRB- which cost me 8 bucks + tax in a sears hardware store . . the only thing this did was help me save about 5 minutes per door . could have just been better off with my stanley chisels both 1 1/4 & 1 inches could have finished the job the old fashion for less
 I bought one , and burned it out in less than 15 minutes of some light sanding using a 7/8 '' 80 grit flapper wheel on an aluminum part . Thinking I had gotten a factory defect , amazon exchanged it for me with a new one.I got it , and set it off to the side , since i had already finished with my other project . Today I picked it up for a new project , I had to cut a small hole into some 20 ga. sheet metal . 10 mins into it with a cutoff wheel , and this one went up in smoke also.I know I 'm not over-using it , I had a similar craftsman rotary tool for over 15 years that I 've used for much heavier projects . I figured it was getting old and I 'd treat myself and step up to the heavier duty 2.0 amp motor , and the actual dremel brand name tool , thinking it would be better . Boy , was this ever a real awakening . I figured dremel would have been a better product . It 's not . I will steer clear of anything branded dremel from now on . It 's a toy , not a tool . Wish I could get my old craftsman back , gave that away to a friend . I would go to a craftsman again , but they now appear to be just a rebranded dremel . I never figured there would be a market for vintage rotary tools , but maybe I 'll go search ebay for a tool that was actually made with quality , and built to last . this poor thing surely was n't .
 I am going to echo what many others have said . I have used my 400 xpr reasonably for a year maybe once a month . Today I was cutting with it , making sure the vents were clear because I know it can get warm , when it started making an arc welding type of noise and smoke began spewing out . I stopped it and although it was not hot at all , I waited a bit and tried again . It went click , click zap , zap , zap and began smoking like rubber in a bonfire . Fortunately I was out in my shed with lots of ventilation . I am disappointed in this Dremel product . I will try a different brand from now on .
 Well , I 've spent the last 8 months restoring a 38 ' wooden yacht . In that time there have been any number of jobs that could either have only been done with the Dremel , or were made vastly easier with the Dremel . The versality and small size have made it indispensable . Unfortunately , yesterday it died ... so : Pros - Small size , like all Dremels and clones . Lots of power . The flex shaft attachment was -LRB- for me at least -RRB- the most useful as it allowed me to get to even more inaccessible places . Cutting through rusted hose clamps , for instance , was a snap to do without touching the hose underneathCons - HEAT ! This would get 5 stars easily from me except for this issue . The motor gets very hot very quickly , so much so that it 's difficult to hold . In addition , the way the air circulation is set up , it blows hot air right where you want to hold your fingertips , so that makes it worse . And my assumption is that it was heat that killed it yesterday , it suddenly made a strange noise and began to smoke . No longer turns . There 's a 5 year warranty , but still.All in all , I do n't know anything better to replace it with , but it really needs some design improvement !
 The product manager and design team for the Dremel XPR are despicable . The kit , the case , the accessories are great but they can shove the actual Dremel 400 XPR tool . My son used a Dremel like tool from Harbor Freight for about a year with no problems . He cut and drilled and shaped everything . I paid 6 -LRB- six -RRB- dollars for it and it came in a kit with bits etc. . It was a small light duty tool , not much power , but he used it all the time on everything . Small desktop projects . I used it in the garage on light stuff . Kept waiting for it to melt , explode , burn up , but no problems . He needed something with more power because that little thing would take a long time to do bigger stuff , so we bought him the Dremel XPR kit and the work station . First one smoked and stopped working the first hour . Second one was dead out of the box . Third one lasted two weeks then smoked and died . If they want to KILL a brand this is how to do it . This was my first Dremel and the last . Going back to Harbor Freight and buying the bigger version of the first one I got my son . It 's $ 20 with kit.UPDATE Nov 2010 - The Harbor Freight unit is still going strong .
 Before I actually bought this dremel , I 've done lots of research . people who work in Homedepot also told me that dremel has great reputation , one on his friend owned one for over fifteen years . here comes the problem I realized that dremel has great reputation but I seldom hear people say they own the latest generation dremel which work very well . My own experience is that I turn it on just want to make sure it would run perfectly . the first ten minutes , I am extremely happy and then after a while maybe the eleventh minutes come , it end up starting making noises and stopped running anymore.It was my first time using it and may be the last time . Now I am sending back to Amazon .
 The tool does have a lot of uses and is definitely versatile . But , what other people have remarked holds very true : - a first time owner would have probably liked to have some instructions explaining what everything in the kit does and how it is used . Having to search online to figure out which one is supposed to be the # 401 mandrel is lame ; - the tool feels in your hand as if Dremel outsourced the design and manufacturing to Fisher-Price ; - overheating seems to be a problem - a short session sharpening my lawnmower blade made the motor scary-hot -LRB- it has n't burned out yet , but it feels like it 's heading in the general direction -RRB- ; - some attachments are supposed to be limited up to a certain rpm - but in this latest and greatest version of its mainstay tool , Dremel marks the speed selector from 0 to 10 . Hard to know what number is supposed to be 15k rpm , the max speed advised by some attachments.I fell into the trap of `` newer must be better '' , even though the 300 series felt so much better in my hand when I visited the home improvement store ...
 I have gone through 5 , count them 5 of this model . 3 failed right out of the box ! I had an older Dremel from about 1997 but sadly it was stolen from my shop . The basic design is flawed . The motor and switches get clogged and choked with dust and debris from everything I have tried to cut . The stop button to change the tips locks up . The on/off switch is so difficult to turn on and off I almost cut my hand off . I am saddened to see what has happened to the Dremel . Bosch seems to have taken a once great tool and ruined it . Same as they did for Skil . I am not trying to bash Dremel . I purchased the 3956-02 model and it works fantastic . Its just seems to be the 400-6 model . My recommendation is to skip this model and go for the less expensive Dremel 3956-02 model .
 I have gone out of my way to review this Dremel under each of its listings -LRB- for the various kits it is included with -RRB- because I do n't find any other reviews sharing my opinion.I have owned 2 other Dremels , and used at least a half-dozen . I looked forward to owning this one since first seeing it advertised . It looked to be a significant improvement.I bought this Dremel because it is the only one that works with Dremel 's new multisaw attachment . With that attachment , which is sold separately , you can use it like a miniature reciprocating saw -LRB- Sawzall -RRB- . Just pop any `` T '' or `` U '' shaped jigsaw blade in , and you 're in business . I do n't know of another tool that can be used in this way , and for that reason and that reason alone this Dremel is worth owning.I already own another multiple-speed Dremel , and I thought I 'd sell it once I bought this . But I 'm keeping both because this new Dremel simply feels cheap and poorly made . It seems like its plastic case is flimsier and it does n't feel as balanced when it 's operating . It certainly is n't ergonomic . Any Dremel user who buys this latest model will instantly notice the drop-off in quality.On the good side , the multisaw attachment works well and the molded plastic case is designed to hold the Dremel , the multisaw and planer attachments , jigsaw blades , the included circle cutter and flex shaft . The kit also includes two bit sets that lock onto the top of the case , with room for two more on the sides.There 's no way I can tell if this Dremel will last . I 've put a pretty good load on the motor , and it has n't failed . But I think that if I drop it more than a few feet onto a hard surface , it will break . The shaft lock button feels particularly cheap and uncertain . I expect it to break first.Despite all my concerns I 'm keeping this Dremel . But I 'll only use it when I need the multisaw or planer attachment . Any other time I 'll use my other Dremel -LRB- model no. 3956-02 -RRB- . It 's extremely unfortunate that at the same time it has chosen to make the most versatile Dremel yet , the company also decided to cut corners on quality . Dremel doubtlessly wanted to keep the price down on this unit , but in doing so they 've produced a multi-function tool that feels like a toy .
 The first time I held the Dremel 400 XPR I knew I was holding a real quality product , with its thin multi-colored plastic housing similar to a cheap chinese toy . I finally found the adapter needed to attach the snake extention and the ` single ' fiberglass reinforced cutting wheel amongst the wide variety of practically useless accessories . It was nearly impossible to tighten the collet with the little blue push button that you would expect to find on a Pez dispenser . After about 15 minutes of light use , the Dremel 400 XPR began to emit copious amounts of blue smoke and smelled of burning plastic and epoxy . Not finished with cut I was making , I stopped the Dremel 400 XPR and let it cool off for a bit , thinking it may just be burning itself in . I took the snake extension off and resumed cutting , when all of the sudden , the Dremel 400 XPR started sputtering like an arc welder , and emitted a blue ball of glowing plasma from the air vents ! I dropped that thing like a hot potato in fear of my life . It sat there on the ground sputtering and smoking until I unplugged it from the wall socket . It no longer works . Never again will I buy another Dremel product , I will look for a suitable American made , quality product to replace it.Pros
 Be very careful ! Apparently an Amazon supplier is attempting to pass off a Dremel 3/71 + XPR as a Dremel 400-6/90 Series XPR Kit -LRB- by overlaying the actual UPC code with a faux UPC code -RRB- but it does not have all of the required parts !!! I am sending the kit I received back in the hopes that Amazon will actually make good on the kit I purchased . If not , I will have to report Amazon to the Better Business Bureau for violation of the UCC rules of representations/warranties !
 I used the Dremel for a total of about 5 minutes of light-duty cutting , and it began emitting blue smoke . Since I was n't cutting anything very thick , I figured this was just part of the break-in process for a new tool . I let it cool and went back to cutting , and after another 10 minutes of light use , it emitted huge amounts of smoke , never to run again . The accessories with this pack are great , but pretty useless with a tool that wo n't last 20 minutes .
 As others have said , this tool may be good for hobby work in pine or balsam , but it 's not a serious tool for extended work in denser woods , ceramics , or metals . Mine broke after fairly light use . For those of you looking for a more serious professional rotary tool , I recommend the Proxxon 38481 IB/E Pro model . It 's sturdy , has a more powerful motor , & wo n't be breaking on tougher jobs .
 Mine melted like everyone elses . Good for polishing coins and that 's about it.I 'll never buy another Dremel toy again .
 I had a 400XPR that was near worthless . After a little run time it became so hot it could not be held , and yes , it smoked on occasion . I sent it back and Dremel replaced with a 4000 . What a difference . It is easier to hold , better cooling and it seems like more torque . As a plus there are more accessories for the 4000 ; The XPR had near none except the standard 1/8 '' shank bits and accessories.Gota a bum XPR ... SEND IT BACK ! Dremel will make it right !
 I have one of the 400 XPR , bought it a couple of years ago . I deliberately bought the most expensive one Lowe 's had thinking that it would hold up better - DUMB thought . The speed control broke , now I learn that this part is discontinued . I have a 30,000 rpm grinder/sander that goes about 1,000 rpm.I will not be buying another Dremel Brand to replace this . I have had better luck with the junky stuff from Harbor Freight .
 The Classic Switch-a-Roo !! , January 4 , 2006Just as stated on this review i also recieved the dremel 400 xpr 3/71 instead of the 400-6/90 . Amazon has done its part by paying for the return shipping and stated they will ship the correct one . The only thing is that its out of stock now and wont ship till feb. . The bonus engraver offer expires 1-18-06 , so im out of luck . I email amazon and all they said is , if i would like to cancel my order . Would be nice to include an engraver themselves when they ship my correct order but i guess im asking for to much now . And yes i know this is not a review but its better to let people know so they wont get taken by a mistake . Still taking the 129.00 price thou .
 Ordered mine October 1st . Was advertised in stock at that time . Have received an apology and a change of ship date almost every week since then . The latest `` promise '' is sometime after the first week of December . That was an `` improvement '' achieved only after I sent a complaint letter . Their ad states that we can save over $ 100 by buying from them . We actually save a lot more than that because we probably wo n't ever get it!Update to original post -LRB- 11/22 -RRB-
 The drill arrived without a chuck . Please send it . When that arrives , I 'll use the drill and write a review .
 I 've had this item on order since mid-October , and so far there has been no change in the status of this item . Get your act together Amazon !
 I believe I placed my first Amazon order in May 1997 and have been a regular customer since that time . I rarely write reviews , but I am so angry this time that I am submitting this unfavorable review . I ordered one of these units -- I accepted the light duty , and cautions of the other thoughtful reviewers and clicked `` order . `` What I find unconscionable is the Amazon description of `` Availability
 what can i say ? my kit didnt come with any collets , so it cant be used untill i get some . and beware of `` roto tool '' excessorys that arent dremmel , i got a bunch from ebay , different grinders and such , , none fit the hole . so they are useless to me , except maybe in a full size drill .
 If you print out the page with the price and description of the Dremel 400-3/71 Series XPR Kit . Take it to lowe 's they will match Amazon 's price which is $ 10 cheaper . They will also match it online too . Goto Loews.com and search Price Match to get more info .
 This tool is useful only as a hobby tool for tiny tasks . It will burn out unless you are very careful . Cutting 10 inches of 1/4 inch thick hardboard is a difficult task with this tool . I wanted to cut two feet of hardboard in half but had the wrong hacksaw . I managed to cut the outer thirds in no time but the middle third needed something else . A lot later I managed to finish the cut with my Dremel . I have almost burnt it out many times and I am usually careful with my tools . I like the idea but the execution is miserable .
 Bought the tool a couple years ago from home depot . Tried to use it to smooth out some cuts I made on melamine laminated particle board , and the motor burned up after about 15 minutes of use . I did n't even bother sending it back since it was obviously a design flaw that would n't be fixed by getting another of the same model . This tool is junk .
 Hello , I had great luck with the dremel while doing eeny weeeeny projects . I than needed a tool for a light/medium job . I just had to cut through some sheet metal to cut out small sections . The thing started smoking , smelling , and sputtering to its death . I had to surgically pull out the melted bushings and I than replaced them . It worked again for about 15 minutes , and than its death occured again . This time I am going to bury the eenny wieeny tool for eeny wieeny jobs . If you have to do jobs larger than polishing your little girl 's doll , than do not count on this 400 XPR series dremel !
 the egg-beater end is flawed in that it has a roughly cut end which is VERy sharp and scratches the item you are pushing the snake through . yes you can file it sown , but why should we have to do that , why not make it right in the first place.then when i pushed the snake through the toilet turning the cable at the same time it just bunched up in a ball as if it could not punch through any clog ; however i had lust previously used a toilet auget and it went thru without any problem . so this snake is not all that firm in structure to prevent it bunching which of course leaks to kinkingthere there is the overall operation , it is VERY unwieldy having the total length stretched out in a room , pushing the snake in all the while turning a ultra flimsy handle . it is nearly a two person job . the turning method leaves a LOT to be desired , unlike the toilet bowl auger i used which has an actual handle built in to turn and works very well . this bent piece of pipe with a thumbscrew is the usual design , even tho it is near useless in turning the cable while pushing . i am not an engineer but there must be someone who has a better design !
 This tool embodies a great concept , and who would n't want to dispatch that sticking door problem with five minutes effort and a quick vacuuming?But I was disappointed with the performance of the tool , mostly because of two factors .1 . The cut on each pass is fairly deep , maybe as much as 3/32 '' .2 . The right-angle plate that 's supposed to help you keep the tool square to the face of the door is way too short to be effective.Consequently , blending the cut from one pass into the next is effectively impossible . If you make three overlapping cuts , you will get three clearly visible steps in the cut . And by visible , I mean visible when you 're looking at the face of the door , not just looking up close at the edge or top.Also , especially because of the weight of the tool pulling down on one side , it 's extremely challenging to keep the cut perpendicular to the face . Expect a wavy edge that 's also visible when looking at the door face.On the positive side , it did fix the problem . I just wished when I was done that I took the time to scribe the door , take it down , and plane it . Something told me this tool would be too good to be true , but I guess hope springs eternal :-RRB- .
 I got this tool as part of a set . i was very excited , i thought i 'd never have to use my chisels to clean up the edge of some my wood working projects , boy was i wrong , as others have said it takes a large , uneven bite . I would think that with practice that uneven bite problem could be fixed . however while trying to get it to work right , the blade got warped some how , making it impossible to make a good cut , so i bought a second bit and was extremely careful with it , and it still warped . I have removed this tool from my dremel kit
 For years I have purchased accessories for my Dremel tool and was satisfied with them . They were universal to all models . The Planer Attachment however can only be used with one particular recent model . This was a big disapointment.Florian
 Not adjustable at all.I needed this to shave off a little bit of wood backing that was sticking out 1/8 '' from behind some book shelves I built . The problem is that the planer is only designed to be used in one direction . If you ca n't use it in the direction they want you to , you are out of luck . Also , you ca n't change the depth of the cut , so if you do n't want that deep or shallow of a cut , you are out of luck there too.I ended up using the planing bit without the casing , and had better luck doing it that way , but it was n't perfect like I was hoping the kit would be able to provide.I would have given it only one star except that I was able to use the planing bit alone for what I needed . That is why two stars .
 I burned up my brand new XPR400 with this little gadget . I trimmed off maybe 1/4 inch off of 3 doors . By the 3rd door the motor was sounding rough . The motor burned up the next day using it with a cut off wheel . This attachment makes the unit get realllly hot . The tool is turning a really large blade compared to anything else you turn with it . To top that off with the end of the blade isnt supported by anything it just fits in a hole and rides metal on metal . Dremel says the blade is designed to last as long as the attachement 500 BF . I did about 200 and its pretty much ground off -LRB- Very old Pine -RRB- . I think if you keep the motor well blown out . Dont over tax it and plane a fair amount of 3/4 or less wide your good to go . It really works well . 3 or 4 10 minute sessions on a 1.5 inch door will prove to much for this little tool IMO.I 'm going to see if Dremel will honor the warranty . I will let you all know.-Mark
 the only reason i am giving this product this rating is because it originally said it would fit my dremel , but that was untrue .
 The bit on my planer snapped and I could not find a replacement bit . Therefore , I purchased the whole PL400 expecting the attachment and the bit in the box -LRB- as pictured -RRB- . However , only the attachment was in the supposedly unopened Dremel box . I would like a refund/replacement ...
 Feel Cheated!There are many websites that claim that the DREMEL XPR PLANER is compatible with many Dremel Multis . When I recieved the planer the box stated only for the 400 Model ! When I contacted Dremel they said that although it might fit it is unsafe to use for only the 400 is fast enough ! Most reviews of the 400 say that it 's not worth the upgrade . The cost and bother of returning is not worth it . I am stuck with it.Don ' t buy unless you are planning to get the 400 - it is probably included in most kits .
 This one just does n't do it . I 've been painting model cars for 40 years , and finding a real mirror-chrome finish paint is something all modelers look for . This one simply looks like a good shiny silver , but in no way is it chrome-like in appearance ! Real chome has a mirror finish . I would use it to touch-up bright silver finishes but not chrome.There are only two products that come close and are reasonable in price
 I suspected this would be silver rather than the chrome I needed , but for the discounted price I thought I 'd give it a try anyway . By the way , nowhere on the package does it indicate the color other than `` cap indicates color . '' Hard to believe the list price of this 1/3 oz . paint pen was over $ 20 .
 IT says it is Chrome paint , might of just went to hardware store and bought silver paint would have got the same look .
 The description of Chrome on this item is not correct , it is Silver Metallic as available from any other dealer.Do not know how it can get any higher star than one or none .
 Did n't meet my expectations for painting sink stopper . It wore off almost immediately , even though I had let it dry for a good length of time .
 I ordered this `` chrome '' pen and was sent a dull silver pen in error and I cant return it or get a refund and I just received it today . Big ripoff and a complete waste of money . Dont buy this pen . There was no paperwork in the box and no refunds even if they send you the wrong item . The item I received even looks different than the picture shown in the ad .
 As another reviewer said , it looked silver and not chrome . -LRB- I submitted this review once a few days ago but Amazon chose not to publish it so I re-submit the review -RRB-
 This item is not the bright chrome color I thought I was ordering it more like a steel color and I was looking for chrome like you see on a rim of a model car ?
 This lamp is a poor man 's Littlite , but without the quality . The lamp itself is cheaply made and the light beam is not diffuse but spotty with shadows due to the cheap reflector in the lamp head . Best advice is to bite the bullet and buy a genuine Littlite and not a cheap imitation like this.BTW , the lamp had come out of it 's packaging during shipping due to poor packing on the part of the company I purchased the lamp from , 8th Street Music . I advise you to deal with them at your own risk.I would rate the total experience at zero stars , if that were possible .
 This is a replacement . My old one worked great , but a part broke and I was forced to buy a whole new replacement . No parts are avalable . Replacement broke second time of use .
 I bought this product thinking it would be a good alternative to a jigsaw . Attached it to my XPR400 and tried using this to cut through a 1/2 '' piece of pine . It jammed about a 1/4 '' into the cut , and when I say jammed , I mean it jammed the whole dremel ! I immediately turned off the dremel for fear of breaking it and removed it from the cutting area . I tried turning on my dremel , and it would n't move . Apparently the saw attachment had jammed inside itself . It was n't until I unscrewed the saw and checked the blade movement to make sure it still moved then put it back on that it decided to work again . I thought perhaps maybe the included saw blade was n't good enough to cut into the piece of wood , so I tried using a T-shank Dewalt fine cut jigsaw blade with the saw attachment . The saw attachment once again jammed , after cutting a whole 3mm ... yes , i tried every speed setting with this as well , to be sure the speed was n't affecting the cut . After that I got frustrated with it and broke out my coping saw , which cut through the pine piece like butter . I know the XPR400 has only 2amps , but I really expected more from this attachment . on the bright side it cuts cardboard decently ...
 THIS THING COULD BE FOUND IN A CRACKERJACK BOX . UNLESS YOU ARE CUTTING BALSA WOOD , BUY A REAL JIG SAW
 I was very disappointed in this tool . I bought it to cut out a 12 '' x 6 '' panel in 1/4 '' thick fiberglass with 1/16 '' aluminum on one surface . Since it used standard jig saw blades , I figured it would be up to the task.The primary reason I used this item rather than a jig saw is that I had a restricted area where the jig saw would not fit.It made it about half way through the job when it quit working . When I disassembled it , I found it had nylon -LRB- or perhaps simply plastic -RRB- gears , which were rounded smooth . The manual does caution against running the tool too fast , and I did heed that , but its supposed to be able to cut through 1 1/2 '' material , so I figured it should have worked for my application . But at any rate , for almost $ 30 , it should have metal gears.Unless you are cutting thin or soft material , get something heftier , like a pneumatic saw .
 I bought this from a local Lowe 's when I bought my XPR400 Dremel tool . I was building a guitar amp cabinet actually and just wanted something to make a few straight cuts in some smaller sections of plywood . This seemed adequate based off it 's list of features and claimed abilities . I did n't expect it to do as well as a powered jigsaw for example but figured that it would do well enough for my limited needs . I also needed to make 4 rounded corner cuts and since it claimed to be able to do this that convinced me to try it.The piece assembled easily and with no fuss . It started up and functions like it should mechanically . The problem is that it just lacks the needed amount of power to perform to the standard it claims . I turned it up to it 's maximum and it would n't even get a quarter of an inch into the plywood before the dremel would start to overheat and slow down . I let it do this twice , the second time it slowed down almost to a stop and the whole unit felt VERY hot to the touch . I decided not to risk it after that as I did n't want to damage the dremel . I was very careful to not cover up the air vents on either piece . I held it with both hands as directed and the wood was very securely clamped down . I also proceeded slowly and tried to let the tool do the work , it would never grab and cut on it 's own though . Plywood is not a hard wood and should not be difficult to cut with a jigsaw attachment.I ended up just going back to Lowe 's and buying a powered jigsaw . It cut the plywood like butter , was able to do the rounded corners like I needed and was not that much more expensive than this unit in the store.The dremel tool works great for it 's intended uses , I even used the dremel to smooth out the rounded corners I cut with the jigsaw . This attachment however is very lacking . It may perform well with very thin sheets of wood or metal or perhaps with something like particle board or drywall . I decided to keep it despite the lack of performance because I do have to cut drywall occasionally and so this may come in handy . I will try it out next time to see if it has any uses at all.I decided to give it two stars because the tool may work well for lighter duty uses that I have n't tried it with yet , but it 's definitely not able to do what the packaging information claims . Unless you need something for small projects with light materials save your money and just buy a powered jigsaw , you probably wo n't have to pay that much more than you would for this !
 I got this tool as a part of kit . I was excited as I needed small jigsaw for hobby projects.The tool is pretty sturdily built and fits into smaller corners than full size jigsaw . That is about the end of the positives.First problem is that with the rotary tool the combo ends up being quite high tower and really needs two hands to control . With normal grip jigsaw you can easily use your other hand for holding a board or whatever you are sawing - not so much with this one.Second and bigger problem is that the blade is hidden quite `` far '' from the front edge of the guide . There is no way of steering the cuts with any kind of accuracy as you can not see where the blade travels . This makes it totally impossible to use the jigsaw for any kind of accurate work.In general I am not very impressed with many dremel accessories . They seem to be praised by people who do n't have full sized power tools and are happy that they can do the random household hole or trimming here and there . However they do not provide either the sturdiness or productivity of a real tool -LRB- which would be unfair to expect -RRB- neither the accuracy and smartness you would expect from a small tool.I ended cutting my plywood with a old school elbow powered jigsaw.The rotary tools themselves are excellent just that the many of the attachments seem to exist just to add a feature on the list .
 I 've tried using this saw on multiple occasions with multiple materials , and it 's just useless . Originally , I thought it was my own fault , attempting to cut some pretty thick plywood . But I recently attempted to cut plywood that was maybe an 1/8 '' thick and it took forever . I finally gave up and went to Lowes to buy a HAND coping saw , and it was much faster.I know it 's less than $ 20 here , but I think you 're better off getting a dedicated jigsaw .
 I had hoped that the Dremel Multisaw would be a good alternative to a standard jigsaw for cutting thin and small stock , but this tool did not work out for me.The design of the Multisaw makes it impossible to see exactly where the blade is cutting . You must saw blind with only the faceplate score to guide the cut . In addition , the Dremel XPR with the saw attachment is tall and difficult to stabilize .
 I will say that looking at the blade it seems to be much stronger than your normal blade.However , it only cut about 12 feet of plaster and lathe before coming dull and smoking.It may work better for drywall , but not 75 yr old plaster . Still looking for something that will work besides a sledge hammer .
 These are NOT the genuine Carrier/Bryant filters , but a knock-off . These do not come with the foam sealing strip , which the Carrier filters do . I had to go to the hardware store to buy weatherstripping for this purpose . As a result , these filters and weatherstripping cost more than the genuine filters would have . However , these filters appear to be reasonably made . I will buy the `` real deal '' next time .
 If you insist on buying this unit , do n't try to install yourself . Two of the parts were too small and did n't fit . The staples provided to guide and hold the photo eye wire are impossible to insert in the wall . The chain tightness varies every time you open or close , and if its too tight the motor overheats and you have to wait 15 mins . The wire connections are ` quick disconnect ' but are so tiny and too close together , so its like threading 2 needles at once just to get the wires perfectly positioned for the ` quick disconnects ' . You have to significantly adjust the up and down travel adjusters to make it work , and if you adjust too much the plastic screws just come off of their tracks inside the motor box . I have had this unit two weeks and it still does n't work . In the middle of adjusting the up and down today , the unit suddenly stopped and blinked a ` door control or wire shorted . ' Brand new error after 2 weeks of trying to make it work . Never touched the wires , the photo eyes have always worked , but voila there is a short somewhere . Piece . Of . Junk .
 There is nothing more irritating than opening the box and not having all the parts . I received duplicates of some and others just were not there . Called the company , they indicated that they would send out immediately and I would receive in `` 5-7 '' business days . It has been 6 and I am still waiting .
 Received ite , had it installed and it does not work . Installation company was going to charge us an additional fee to have it removed .
 This Chamberlain opener is no worse or no better than most openers . I gave it one star because I was unable to access their customer service by telephone or online after many attempts . Because I have installed openers previously , I was able to complete this installation satisfactorily . I will avoid Chamberlain products in the future .
 The protector system needs to be redesigned or an easier way of overriding needs to be available . We live in the sunny southwest with a house facing south . The protector system can not have sun in the receiving eye . Well at some time each day the sun will shine into the receiving eye causing the garage not to close.Also the sensors must be within a certain distance from the floor where they can get easily bumped and out of alignment . It seems that each time we use the opener we are manually overriding it or readjusting the sensors . We do not park in the garage each night . We use our garage as a workshop.The user should be able to verify that nothing is in the way and close the door without manually disconnecting it from the track , closing the door , and then running the garage door opener to reconnect the car.Also the owner should be able to decide that they do not want to use the protector system.I tried contacting Chamberlain to find out how to change our system so we are not as frustrated but they have not answered my emails . I will be calling them.I would not buy again .
 Before buying i read all of the reviews . I did notice several people complained about pieces missing from the box . I ignored it thinking what are the chances it would happen to me . Well , it did . Not only am I missing a part , I am missing SEVERAL parts . Very disappointing to say the least . I wasted time getting my kids squared away so I could do the install , and now I have to chase down the parts . But I can only do that monday through friday , during business hours , mountain time ... awesome , thanks Chamberlain .
 I purchased this about 18 months ago and had my first problem about 6 months ago . The opener would not close and went back up and the lights flashed . There was nothing in the way . I found out the sensors were misaligned . About 3 months after after fixing this problem the door stopped working with the wall button . I contacted customer support by email and received a reply asking for more information about 3 weeks later . I also received an email that stated since we have received no response from you we assume the problem was taken care of . These 2 emails came on the same day . Now I have 2 problems . the door does not always go down , same as before , sensors are aligned , and the door does not always work with the wall button . Unless you want to wait in your driveway to see if the door goes all the way down I would not advise buying this opener . I am going to upgrade to a Whisper Deluxe and hopefully have beter results .
 I purchased two of these units and believe that either Chamberlain received in a bad batch or there is a serious problem with these openers . Both units are super loud even with the garage door disengaged from the unit . It 's almost like a loud buzzing sound . I replaced 8 year old Allstar Chain Openers and they were not half this noisy . I 've already been on the phone with Chamberlain a couple times going over installation . I did made some adjustments but nothing seems to solve the problem . I emailed Chamberlain that I would like them replaced but the response was all we can do is send you parts as we do n't replace the openers even if they 're new.Chamberlain CG40D 1/2-HP Chain Drive Garage Access SystemChamberlain CG40D 1/2-HP Chain Drive Garage Access System
 This is now operating my double-wide aluminum swing-up center pivot door . It is very poor for this use . It might not even work on a one piece wood door . Main problem ; the track is not stiff enough . It flexes , sometimes 3 &#34; , the door bounces and the flex gets worse . BTW ; the door is smooth and balanced . The 25 year old opener had no difficulty . This may be a typical problem for openers that must have a segmented track for packaging . I would have purchased a solid track opener locally but they cost twice what this one was from Amazon . Also if I had followed the geometry instructed the motor end would be less than 6 ' above the floor . This may be a cause for the track flex . jvm
 Great price and delivery . Unfortunately the `` U-Bracket '' was missing from the parts and am still waiting on a resolution to this problem . Upon checking other reviews I found this to be a similar situation to what others have experienced . Would not buy again .
 I had a Liftmaster that failed . This looked like a direct replacement . It was virtually identical except it 's WAY louder than the Liftmaster . I 've looked at it and it appears to be the motor and/or how the motor is mounted . I guess it works well but WOW . I would have picked a different model had I known the racket this bugger would make .
 The installation of this kit is a nightmare . I am a very handy 68 year old male and have installed many garage door openers . When you open the box the first thing you notice is that their are lots of small parts that need to be put together . Some of the parts like the tracks have other parts hidden inside them which once put together you can not get at . It looks like Chamberlain decided it was cheaper to have their customers assemble their garage door opener then do it themselves . There is absolutely no reason that many of the parts are not assembled.Once you do assemble the door opener you find that you are required to go to the store for some additional parts that are not included such as those that attach the opener to the garage door itself.When you open the box their is a green sheet of paper which says if you are having trouble do not return the unit from where you bought it but call their 800 number for help . When you do call the 800 number you listen to a recording that tell you to go to the Internet to find answers to your problems . -LRB- They assume you have an INTERNET connection -RRB- If you try to go to the `` 0 '' to get around this very long talk it just starts the talk all over again . After listening to everything and deciding which of the 7 options you should choose it then puts you on hold and no one ever answers . I called twice and gave up after being on hold 15 minuted each time.Save your self some time And aggravation `` Do not order the Chamberlain Garage Door Opener `` Chamberlain WD962KD Premium Whisper Drive 3/4-Horsepower Garage Door Opener with Standby Power
 The spacing of the bumper push in posts did not fit my kohler toilet seat . This demension should be stated in the product information .
 I made the mistake of buying a Delta product thinking that there was some quality behind the name.Wrong.Out of the box it became apparent that the equipment was sub standard , the paint on the cabinet was stained , the edges of the machined surfaces were chipped and the fit and feel of the geared parts was rough.I have not tried to use the equipment yet , sill thinking about returning it and buying a better quality item.You have to wonder if the companies that market products in the US will ever stop placing profit over quality . Obviously Delta Woodworking Tools has not!I had been looking at a high-end cabinet saw and after getting a load of this Delta Jointer , there is no way that I would even consider wasting my money on one made by this company .
 Unfortunately , my 6 '' X5 jointer started off in bad shape . The motor would only spin up half the time . I adjusted belt tension and pulley alignment properly with no improvement . The fence was off by .008 '' after all possible adjustments . The fence handles never tightened properly , just spun in the cast iron . There were a few other more minor issues . Delta directed me to a local repair shop to fix the motor . This shop wanted me to load the entire machine instead of just swapping the motor so I decided that if I was loading it up I would do it once and return it . I own other Delta products that I am very happy with and plan to buy one of their drill presses this week . But , for this tool I decided to replace this jointer with the Jet unit which is working great . Given all the positive reviews of this jointer , I can understand if this was a one-off bad unit that I got . Hope it works out better for you .
 I purchased the above tool in the origional packaging . After the assembly , I discovered that the lock release cable on the infeed table raise and lower lever was broken . After contacting Delta customer service and ordering a cable group assembly , I had to disassemble and remove the entire infeed table and related lever parts . This took about two hours . I am hoping to receive the replacement parts in a week or two and spend another two hours reassembyling the machine and hoping this time to be able to use it .
 I can not recommend this tool if you are a professional woodworker or even serious hobbyist . It is not necessarily a bad tool that you ca n't get quality results with , but it has all kinds of nagging problems that will drive you crazy . It is a tool that constantly needs to be adjusted and tuned to joint a straight edge . I wish that I could go more than two weeks without adjusting it . The chip/shavings ejection system is essentially non-existent . Even with my dust collector hooked directly to the machine , most of the chips fall directly into the closed base . Who knows why they never go down the chute . Every 2 weeks I have to open up the base and vacuum out the chips . Other problems that I have had include
 Only one end of the two ends were threaded on all three of pieces of this product I purchased.Kinda usless as sent .
 I ordered two fans for a covered porch . We do live on a river , however I did not expect them to rust so soon . Within 3 months the fans were rusting and within 6 months one of the fan 's lights stopped working . I have gotten nowhere with customer service . After speaking to them many times they transferred my case to quality control . I was told they would call me - never happened . When I called them my claim was n't even in the computer . I think they 're hoping I simply go away . Horrible customer service - warranty means nothing . I truly regret buying these fans !
 The fan motor makes a lot of noise . Not sure if it is defective or it is suppose to be this loud .
 Purchased the X5 for the long table and that it was a Delta . The table has sharp corners not rounded . Beware of the fence where it is beveled - it is as sharp as a razor . I filed it down after loosing skin off two knuckles . It took forever to find a location to drill holes for mounting a power feed unit without hitting bracing under the table . I would have preferred the reversing swicth located on the outside of the base . Even hooked to a dust collector shavings build up in the base - which happens with all shapers . Unfortunately there is no lower clean out door . To remove shavings you must reach in and remove from top . To use the miter slot the entire fence assembly must be rotated . The micro adjustment of the fence is a nice touch , but had to tape the adjusting knobs to keep from moving due to vibration.The X5 performs well and is well made . It is just very poorly engineered .
 NO FITTING TO HOOK TO PLUMING AND COULD FIND THAT AT HOME DEPOT OR ANY OF THE LOCAL PLUMMING STORES
 I bought this just to try it , and can not use it for metalworking . The shield is a full inch shorter than a standard Sperian type shield3M AO Safety/3M Tekk 90028 Professional Faceshield , and even they do n't really keep particles from coming up from underneath . So for preventing straight on flying debris , this one is adequate . But not much more.The real deal-breaker is that the shield attaches to the mask in a proprietary way . So you ca n't buy a handful of standard shields to replace it . Nor did I see any on Amazon . You drop it , scratch it , and you have to throw the whole thing away.It is light and comfortable to wear . The shield is very thin compared to Sperian type masks . I would not consider it high-impact resistant.So I do n't recommend this one for much of anything , except maybe the reviewer that rides a scooter in winter . Even then , their are better masks out there for a few dollars more.I just splurged on this oneSperian Protection S8500 Bionic Face Shield , which really comes down and covers your chin area . And it 's surprisingly light . That may be more than you want to pay , but I bet eye surgery can run into some big bucks .
 The product is exactly what you pay for . Totally inferior in the ability to clearly see through the visor . A face shield is suppose to protect you . Not being able to see clearly through the shield creates it 's own hazard .
 I ordered this from one of the other vendors and paid $ 39 plus shipping.I was n't impressed with the cheap plastic case they come in -LRB- crudely molded out of the same plastic used to make milk jugs , and not much thicker either -RRB- , so I used the bits to make wooden blocks to hold them . While doing that , I used each of the bits once , and found that about 50 % of them have a definite `` wobble '' from being a bit bent , although not quite enough to render them unusable . I also noticed that they have a strange design - the flutes are ground differently from the better quality bits I own . Finally , I 'm not impressed with the titanium coating . It 's not smooth and in one case flaked off from the tip of a bit.So , why did I give them a 2 star rating ? Well , they are plentiful and inexpensive enough to just be worth what I paid for them . I purchased them with a particular need in mind -LRB- I wanted the numbered bits for a set of taps I own -RRB- and think they will be able to do the job , although not with the precision I was hoping for .
 This was a very dissapointing purchase . If you need precision this is n't for you .1 . The flip stop has too much give in it . Depending on how much pressure is put against it it can move + / - 1/16 '' .2 . The short lengths of rail cause the stops to not glide smoothly up and down the fence .3 . Despite all my effort I can not dial the system in any better than a short 1/32 `` When I adjust it dead on at 90 '' it 's off at 30 '' by 1/32 '' not due to user error.I 'm a professional woodworker . This system falls well short of the mark .
 At first I was enamored by the way the smooth operation as the light opened up . But at the height of the neck , the beam was too small . And then the neck droops so that the small beam only lit up the top of the book so I was constantly adjusting the beam . Very frustrating . I found that if I held the light from about 10 inches above the book , the entire book was perfectly illuminated . But then you may as well be using a flashlight . You also have to remove the clip to open or close the light . Had the neck extended from the side away from the clip , then you would n't ever have to remove it as you read the book.I 'm looking for a replacement ...
 This light is just so cute , the way it silently glides open and turns on the light at the touch of a button ! But then the single LED proves to be not-quite-bright-enough . And you ca n't really adjust the position , it glides back every time I move it so I can see the whole page . Now I 'm holding it so I can read . Uh , does n't that defeat the purpose of a clip-on book light?Then the light does n't turn off when I snap it closed , and the batteries go dead within hours . And the only way to turn it off is to pop the batteries out - a few times doing that , and the catch on the battery door snapped off . It went in the trash .
 The Stopper works well though I had one of three tubs where the stopper would not pull down flush with the tub surface . In that case , I had to purchase a solid body 1-1/2 - inch coarse thread stopper that does not make use of a coarse thread adapter ring . Also , the center screw supplied with this overflow plate was not long enough on two of my tubs . Very luckily , the old screw was not too badly tarnished and I was able to use it . Had the old screw been tarnished , I would not have been able to use the Overflow Plate . It is a shame the manufacturer did not choose to make the screw 1/4 '' longer .
 when it is leaking , it is quite hard to open the assembly . wasting me a whole morning now . . sigh . .
 This one charge too much shipping fee and you have no option to choose cheaper shipping.When I got two sets for my bathroom and found they did n't fit my current valve system even it 's exactly same model from Moen so I decided to return . However I was charge 20 % restocking fee even I did n't touch anything inside the boxes and return the wholething with orignial packages .
 There are two pictures side by side from the seller . The first picture looks like a zoom-in image of knobs and spray . Then the second one shows the completed suite of the faucet , giving me a feeling that this sale incudes all of these parts . In fact , the seller will only deliver you nothing more than two knobs and one spray . I just called amazon to request a return . Depending on the final return result , I will either down grade the rate to 1 star or upgrade to 3 start . The reason I call it `` misleading '' not `` cheating '' because later , once I got the package , I re-checked the website and found one sentence says `` valve 9000 not included '' . I was overwhelmed by the `` convincing '' pictures .
 This product is a bit thin , but does the trick . The problem is the screws are not stainless and rust within a day or two .
 I have to say I STRONGLY distrust the positive reviews here . This heater is just terrible , the worst portable heater I have ever bought . It is NOT quiet as some reviews state ; its fan is not balanced properly , creating a loud shimmy . Moreover , it is so light in weight that it can not be used on smooth floors , because the shimmy will cause the unit to move across the floors . This movement is significant enough that this product could conceivably slide up against something flammable . Finally , despite the noise , the fan is not particularly powerful and does n't force the air effectively . I will be writing the leading consumer rating magazine to recommend that they look into this product 's safety issues . Meanwhile I recommend in the STRONGEST terms that this product not be purchased . -LRB- If you look at my other reviews , you will note that I am not someone who wantonly bashes products . This one is being called a dog because that is what it is . -RRB-
 I purchased two of these units from a local hardware store onJanuary 1st . I used them on and off , with both units plugged in , until yesterday when one unit died on me and wo n't turn on . The next morning the other unit died on me as well and would n't turn on . Both units together lasted less than six days of use .
 This unit used to put out enough heat to keep our small sailboat warm ; we live aboard full time.However ! After three months the unit began cutting out and requiring longer and longer to restart . Now it just randomly turns on and off regardless of the heat setting or fan setting . This unit is worth even less than what we paid for it .
 I had an old Pelonis heater fan that went out after four years of constant use . I bought a Holmes that just blasted the air out causing too much moisture in my bathroom - I thought I would try the Pelonis that I knew put out less air . The fan is less than acceptable ... The fan does not have an adjustable fan setting -LRB- contrary to what others say -RRB- , there is only a thermostat -LRB- with no temp , just bars of heat -RRB- and a low/high setting for power consumption . The fan comes on fine but some type of auto temp thing inside turns it off after only about 10-13 minutes . I always put it on HIGH , with the temp at its highest and it just shuts off , and then back on , and back off and so forth . Extremely useless.I would return it if I had the box ...
 Bought this in late October , and I use it in my office two days a week for about 6 hours ... today ... it just stopped working . Time to return it and get something else ...
 This heater has cheap quality . It doesn &#8217; t function well as it supposed to be . It does n't worth the money I paid for . If I have the choice , I would like to return for full credit . But , in consideration into the shipping cost for a return , I 'm very reluctant to keep it .
 Gave this to my friend for Christmas and after using for a week or 2 , it did not work . Unreliable !
 You get what you pay for . I needed a small space heater to warm a room while I waited on a replacement for a wall-mounted heat pump/air conditioner unit . Thought this would do in a pinch - NOT . Plugged it in , turned it on , fan blade was striking the inside of the housing until it got up to speed . When I turned it off , when it slowed to a certain speed , fan banging on the housing again . Called tech support number - fellow that answered was no help . Said they only dealt with replacement parts , no troubleshooting solutions so all I could do was return it . Do n't waste your money .
 I used the heater infrequently for a couple of months , then one day it died . It was probably just a defective unit , but that 's enough for me to switch to another brand .
 My previous experiences with CMT products have been quite positive . I jumped on a great sale price for this 8-1/4 '' ripping blade in hopes that I might have a diamond in the rough on my hands . It took about two seconds to notice that this blade has teeny tiny little teeth reminiscent of those found on the Chinese made $ 0.99 blades found at those travelling circus tool shows that stop in town once or twice a year . This was very disappointing for what I anticipated to be a premium quality blade made in the European Union . To keep things fair and in perspective , it does cut respectably for a $ 10 blade , but nothing overly impressive about it . This is essentially a disposable blade ... those teeth will not withstand a resharpening . Even though it was inexpensive , I expected more and was severly disappointed in this item .
 This item is a bit flimsier than I was expecting and it narrows down at the bottom so the new bigger Costco toilet paper rolls do n't quite fit all the way to the bottom without jamming it in fairly hard . It needs to be another 1/4 '' bigger in diameter and then it 'd work fine .
 I specifically searched for an item at least 6 '' in diameter and was thrilled when I found this . I ordered 2 . They are NOT 6 '' in diameter , they are 5-1/2 , which is the size of the jumbo roll . The lid is 6 '' , but that 's no good . I tried my toilet roll and it got stuck and I had trouble getting it out again . I am really upset about this because the listed dimensions are not accurate and I wasted time having to return them and start looking again .
 Bought two and they both broke . It was the cheap plastic dish . They crack for no reason and we barely used the soap dishes . Broke within weeks of having them .
 These bits are a joke . I spent 45 minutes trying to drill a hole in a stone and only managed a hole about 1/16 inch deep . I used 3 different bits to do this . They were a waste of money .
 Wish I had scrolled down to read the reviews before buying . These bits are weaker than any home depot special i have ever picked up . They might be able to make a dent in softened butter , but do n't waste your time on anything strong enough to actually require the use of a power drill .
 This is a simple product that is easy enough recommended to others to use , since it is doing what it is supposed to and does n't have any visible physical defects .
 Same problem with me . This is my fourth Zoeller M53 and I just always replace them religiously at five years . My last one just went out at four years with the same problem
 Exceptionally high quality cast iron pump but the switch hung up after seven years and flooded our finished basement . In a bind on Sunday afternoon , I had limited options and ended up running to Men ** ds and replacing this one with a 1/2 hp Coleman for 180 clams . Ouch ... and I 'm not all that confident in the build quality of the Coleman . I 'll likely repair the switch and keep the M53 around for an emergency situation or use it in the pit as a dual pump system .
 We 've built a brand new house and the plumber installed this pump in my sump pit . After about 18 months of frequent usage we 've noticed the pump not turning off . I could go down into the sump pit and physically move the float up and down and the pump would then turn off . I did this for a couple of months and during that time the problem got much worse . I called Zoeller and they told me I had to get it serviced by an authorized dealer or it would n't be covered under warranty . That is when the fun started . I could n't be without a sump pump as it ran several times every hour and the dealer told me it would take a while to work out with Zoeller . So I was able to get a loaner pump -LRB- thanks to the nice dealer -RRB- but to find out Zoeller would only cover parts not labor . Needless to say the labor was $ 120 to replace a $ 20 part and I was without my pump for +6 weeks.So I got my repaired pump back and it has been about 4 months and guess what ? It is doing the same thing again . This time I think I will opt for repairing it myself -LRB- warranty sucks anyway -RRB- . I am looking at bypassing the Zoeller installed float switch , and using an external float switch instead.The pump itself works great and the construction is pretty heavy duty . I have no worries of the pump working as long as it turns on/off when you need it to . After having this problem and looking around online , this pump seems to have many complaints about the switch and many complaints about Zoeller customer service . The switch is by far the weakest link in this design .
 I HAVE OWNED THREE OF THESE PUMPS , AND THE RESULT WAS THE SAME WITH ALL OF THEM , THE SWITCH GOES BAD FAST AND A PUMP IS ONLY AS GOOD AS THE SWITCH , SO THAT IS NOT SAYING MUCH FOR THIS SO CALLED GREAT PUMP , I CALLED ZOELLER AND THEY TOLD ME THAT THE SWITCH MAY ONLY LAST A YEAR UNDER HEAVY USE , I BET YOU THAT WHEN PEOPLE SPEAK SO HIGHLY ABOUT THIS PUMP THEY DONT TELL YOU THAT . THIS PUMP CAUSED MY BASEMENT TO FLOOD WHEN THE SWITCH FAILED IN LESS THAN A YEAR . IF YOU PLANE ON CHANGING THE SWITCH YOURSELF , GOOD LUCK AND ENJOY CLEANING UP YOUR FLOODED BASEMENT.I TALKED TWO DIFFERENT PLUMBERS , THE FIRST ONE SAID THAT THIS PUMP IS SO BAD THAT AFTER THEY HAVE USED THEM ON A COMPLETED JOB THEY CANT EVEN GIVE THEM AWAY TO THE WORKERS SO THEY JUST THROW THEM AWAY . ANOTHER PLUMBER TOLD ME THAT THEY CALL THEM '' KICK STARTERS '' IF YOU WANT IT TO START JUST WALK BY AND KICK IT . ZOELLER MIGHT MAKE GOOD PUMPS BUT THIS AINT ONE OF THEM . IF YOU WANT A GOOD PUMP I WOULD TRY LITTLE GIANT OR HYDROMATIC AND FOR GOOD SWITCH REPLACE THE FACTORY SWITCH WITH A ELectronic Sump Pump Control & Alarm -LRB- AU5ES -RRB- by Wayne AND TRUST ME WHEN I TELL YOU THAT THERE IS ONLY ONE BACK UP PUMP THAT CAN PUMP AS MUCH WATER AS YOUR PRIMARY PUMP AND THAT IS THE STEVENS DC1010 , IT COST ABOUT 450.00 AND IS WORTH EVERY PENNY , THATS IF YOU VALUE A DRY BASEMENT .
 After 6 months my M53 would stop working periodically . Fortunately I checked and found that it did not turn on . The water level was just above the top of the pit . The pump would turn on when I tapped it and then would run normally again for a while . What if I 'm not home to check on it ?
 My M-53 pump quit after being installed for a little over a year . -LRB- Right , just out of warranty ! -RRB- When I called the plumber who recommended and installed the unit he told me that he no longer recommends Zoeller because he is seeing a lot of them fail afterbeing in use for 2 years and less.I do n't know about you , but I expect a sump pump to last more than a year ! Zoeller , are you listening ? What 's the deal here ?
 I have two Zoeller m53-D pumps installed . Twice now on one of them the switch has become stuck on and the pump runs continously . If I had n't noticed this fairly quickly the motor would have run dry until it had overheatd and burned out . Works fine until this . Extreme safety issue .
 Zoeller 's slogan is `` Your Piece of Mind is our Top Priority . `` I bought one of their M53 pumps . While on vacation in Florida the switch on the pump failed and my basement was flooded with water causing $ 16,000 in damage -LRB- most of which was covered by insurance -RRB- . However , we had to throw away a lot of non-insurable stuff , e.g. , pictures , records , etc. that the insurance did not cover.My wife contacted Zoeller Customer Service and spoke with a Rep that told her , `` That the switch should be changed every year . '' What ??? I called Zoeller as well as sent an email to the President asking that they credit me for the cost of their crappy pump plus the $ 400 I had to pay in deductible costs due to their switch failure . In the end they re-imbursed me a paltry $ 98 . After I sent the pump back to Zoeller , one of their engineers said that their pump was OK and that we must have too much iron or something in our water . What ? I get 6 inches of water in our basement , their pump stops working and he says their pump is OK ???? DO NOT EVER BUY A ZOLLER PUMP!Not Satisfied .
 My M53 also experienced a switch failure to the `` on '' position after having it in use for approx . 2 1/2 yrs . When operating as advertised , the pump activates frequently due to it having limited float height travel . The variable float model BN53 seems to have much improved longevity -LRB- less switch failures -RRB- due to the different switch type based on reviews that I 've recently read . Moving up to the M98 based on reviews , maybe the on/off switch will work better .
 i have owned several Zoeller pumps . They all have the same problem
 We have gone through 3 Zoeller M53 's in 4 years , the first two had float switch failures a little less then a year in . This last time we had the float switch fail after a year and a half . Just installed a Flotech replacement with a separate float buoy system , we 'll see how that goes . Bottom line , there is something very wrong with the float switch system on these sumps and because they are `` all in one '' , the entire sump is useless once they fail .
 I too have had a bad experience with a Zoeller sump pump . Same complaint as many on here . Pump switch stuck on and I am afraid it may have overheated the pump motor . Could not find a replacement switch locally in time when it failed so I had to go buy another `` off shore '' pump to replace this expensive pump . I did contact Zoeller and the local rep sent me a new switch free of charge but I voiced my concerns over my fears that this pump motor was overheated but was told basically `` it is fine '' . There is oil residue inside the switch housing and an oily residue comes out of the pump housing when the pump runs . Was told by Zoeller that the life expectancy of the switch is not as long as the pump . That is why they make the switch so easy to replace . I told them the pump is only as reliable as it 's weakest component . I have lost confidence in this pump -LRB- because I believe the motor was damaged by the failed switch -RRB- and will not rely on it for more then a temporary pump in case the new `` off-shore '' pump I just bought fails . I took the Zoeller switch apart and it appears the switch points are burned and the carbon buildup inside the switch causes it to stay on even when the switch is mechanically off . By the way , the switch is NOT made in the USA . I have pictures of the failed switch if someone wants to see what happens to them . I believe the switch is not heavy enough for this pump . It is unfortunate that it appears that a high quality pump falls victim to a poor quality switch . If you buy this product expect to replace the switch often . Hopefully you will be home to catch it before the pump motor overheats .
 Ca n't said too much about the pump because it did n't start in Irene.I got water in my basement . The switch design could be the problem ...
 I purchased M-53 pump october 10 2010 . the switch had to be shut off manualy.finaly the pump burned out.I did not listen to reviews about switch isues.do not buy this pump .
 My old Zoller pump -LRB- M53 -RRB- went out after three years of use . Eventually the switch went out on the pump . When I say that switch went out I mean that one day I came home and the pump would not shut off . I was happy with the old Zoller pump so I decided to order another one to replace the broken one . It was cheaper to buy online -LRB- ace hardware -RRB- then at a plumbing warehouse . I have a emergency pump that did the job but it was a plastic one . The Zoller pump is cast iron and I perfer this type of material for the long haul . When the new Zoller came in I was able to replace it with easy and in a few minutes I was back up and running get ready to deal with the miserable rains we have been getting in the Chicago area during the month of April . Two weeks went by and I was happy until one day I found about 1 inch of water in my basement . The water breached over the sump pump pit which contained the brand new Zoller M53 . I checked to make sure the pump float was not stuck and it moved freely but would not turn on . I had to put back in my plastic one that is a competitor of Zoller . My 1/3hp plastic one did the job and the water was removed but I had about 6 hours of cleaning to do on the first day alone . Carpeting and padding was ruined and had to be thrown away . I bought the Zoller because it is a good pump but I am not sure what to think . A competitor of their -LRB- Wayne -RRB- has a hp pump with a lifetime warranty . I was told by store personnel and if it ever goes out to bring it back and it will be replaced for free . I am considering this option . Confused because I thought that I had a quality product in Zoller .
 Zoeller has gone down hill . Had prior pump for 12 years - not one issue . Replaced with M53 and switch failed in 14 months . Finished basement ruined . Too bad their slogan is n't something you can rely on .
 Zoeller 's slogan is `` Your Peace of Mind is Our Top Priority '' , which feels like a slap in my face after my recent experience with my Zoeller mighty-mate pump.Recently , my family and I were about to head to the airport to fly Europe when I noticed a burning smell from my basement . They day before , everything had been fine . I followed the smell and found this Zoeller sump pump , which is a few years old , running permanently . It was too hot to touch and water was boiling on it and evaporating from the pump housing , filling the basement with smoke . The switch on top of the pump had broken -LRB- the float was working freely -RRB- and the pump did not turn off anymore ! With only a few hours until departure , we had to run and buy a new pump and install it within 2 hours.If we had left for Europe without noticing the pumps failure , the house might have burned down or , after the pump burned out , the basement would have flooded . So much for `` Your Peace of Mind is Our Top Priority '' ... UPDATE
 I have ordered Zoeller M53 before and received in fairly new condition . However , this time the half side of pump was rusted right out of box . I was very disappointed . I did install it as I could n't wait for the replacement . I felt I was cheated in this transaction only.Thank You .
 I had the same issues as the first reviewer . The range is non-existent , and I frequently had to get out of my car to even get it to work . After about 2 years , one of the buttons got stuck and the transmitter will no longer link with the opener when I attempt to reprogram it . Do not buy this product unless you have no other options .
 I bought this remote thinking it would be nice to just have it on my keychain instead of a larger visor clip remote . Big mistake . The distance range is virtually nonexistant - I have to nose up to just inches from my garage door to make it work , and had to remove it from my keys so I could point it directly at the garage . I had to get out of my car this morning to close my garage door behind me because I 'd backed in , and the length from my drivers seat to the back of the car is apparently stretching the range too far . I usually have to press the button 4 or more times to open the door ... my advice ? -LSB- ... -RSB- And another handy piece of information that I did n't know until I received this product is that the seller wo n't take a return . Do n't waste your money on this item .
 Everything would be fine but I did n't get what I ordered . Instead of `` Mirka '' sanding discs I got some other company 's -LRB- USA1 Abrasives -RRB- products which do n't have numbers on the back indicating what grit they are and many of discs are glued to each other so when you try to separate them the glue stays on the sanding surface . I do n't think I want to buy this products on Amazon any more .
 I PURCHASED THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SON-IN-LAW FOR THEIR BIRTHDAY . THEY PLUGGED IT IN AND IT WORKED FINE BUT WHEN THEY TRIED TO PLACE THE BATTERIES IN THEY DID NOT STAY IN . THE SPRINGS ARE MISSING TO HOLD THE BATTERIES . I HAVE REQUESTED A RETURN AUTHORIZATION AND WILL REPLACE IT . I WILL AGAIN RESPOND WHEN I SEE HOW THE RETURN GOES .
 I purchased a Porter Cable 75182 motor to be installed in a new Jessem router table assembly . Research had indicated that the PC 75182 motor was the industry standard for a router table setup . Before mounting the motor in the router lift , I started the motor on the bench in a free-running , no-load condition . The first impression was an extremely loud screeching , whistling sound . I ran it for about 5 minutes and tried all 5 speeds to see if the noise would dissipate . It did n't . After shutting it off I attempted to pick it up with one hand on the back of the housing and the other on the collet shaft . The collet shaft was so hot I could n't touch it . With these obvious signs of a defective motor I returned it to Amazon with a request to replace it with another new PC 75182 . The replacement arrived less than a week later . Again I gave the motor a bench test before installation and the same two conditions were in this motor ; ear-piercing noise and overheating.I called PC customer service to determine what normal running conditions were for this product . They referred me to their tech center in Massachusetts . The technician verified that these condition were completely out of their standards and suggested that perhaps they were part of a `` bad run '' of motors from the manufacturing facility in Mexico . I have returned the second motor and walked away from any further thought of buying a Porter Cable tool . I 'm currently searching for a quality motor , perhaps made in USA.I must , however , provide kudos to Amazon . Their return system is the most user-friendly experience . Two minutes on the computer , return labels printed , item repackaged , UPS pickup , and free return shipping !
 Assumed it was the router to buy , but the runout at the collet was so bad , my table started walking away with the router on . With a 3 '' bit , runout was at .015 '' .
 I had seen a much larger version of this a year or so ago . I did n't realize how small this was . It 's the size of a pen you can put in your pocket . I paid $ 12 for groung shipping which was a total rip-off given this could have been sent in a regular envelope . I did n't read the fine print and thought this was a walking stick size pole . Go to your local hardware store to buy this . Do n't bother with it on line .
 These discs will not stay on the sander . The pile on the back is so short that it wo n't attach . I have bosch and makita sanders , and the disc will not stay on either sander . I purchased discs from porter cable at the same time . They are 100 % better .
 There is one critical issue with this bit
 The photo shown here does not apply to the item described . The photo shows thisoutlet to be complete with a circuit breaker . Not so , the box is much smaller withonly the outlet . Very misleading .
 product shipped has no circuit breaker or knock out to install one . photo shows a circuit breaker . very deceptive and misleading photo .
 I bought this item with the associated male cord cap , thinking I had purchased a matched pair , as they were advertised as such . When items arrived , lo and behold , the enclosure was too small to allow the door to be closed when the cap is inserted . Thanks for nothing , guys !
 when it works this gives a great lite however , it does not hold a charge like the instructionssaid it would it is only good for a few minutes.dk
 Based upon a couple of positive reviews for this bulb , I believed that CFL technology had advanced to create a working dimmable bulb . Unfortunately it was only my hopes which were dimmed.Our usage
 Light does not dim as described . It flickers very brightly and then returns to full brightness . Also the bulb make a loud humming noise when in use . Amazon is great to buy from because the refunded my purchase .
 The most serious drawback with this polished brass finish is that it is too slippery . I will replace this with a bar that has a textured surface.The other disappointment is the finish . Initially it did match the existing Moen polished brass fixtures but after three weeks the grab bar faded to a tarnished appearance .
 Beware
 In the description it says the handle is metal/aluminum when it got here it was plastic . Had to return it . When you use it in the cold they break . I thought I was getting the old product before they changed it to the plastic handle . It is made in poor quality now with cheap plastic .
 was disappointed to receive only one scrapper , should of read the small print ... 2 scrapers appears on the pic . . also was n't happy with the weight of tool . . very light weight compared to a professional tool that i 'm use too ... should of guessed by the price i paid . .
 I OPENED THE BOX THINKING I WAS GETTING TWO LIKE THE PICTURE SHOWS . WRONG !!! APPARENTLY YOU GET ONE . NOT SURE WHAT TO THINK BUT IT GETS ONE STAR . EITHER SOMEONE CAN NOT COUNT OR I JUST GOT SCREWED -LRB- OR BOTH -RRB- . IT CLEARLY SAYS FLOOR AND WALL SCRAPERS .
 I ever experience . The design is so ban , construction is at the worst , material heavy like made to rip off your selling , need few people to install and careful , because everything is breaking fast and easy ... Worst $ 450.00 I ever spent .
 Read the feature list carefully . This timer will turn the lights ON according to the sunset schedule where you live but it WILL NOT turn them OFF according to the same schedule . You only have the option of turning the lights on according to the sunset schedule and then you must choose between 2,4,6,8,10 or 14 hours for the lights to turn off . I have no idea why they would come up with such a great idea and drop the ball by not allowing the lights to turn off according to the time of sunrise in your area . Oh well , I guess that is why I do n't run a company . I 'm not smart enough.If you are looking for a timer that will turn the lights on at sunset and turn the lights off at sunrise you may want to look at the following product . It is also $ 40 cheaper right now due to a promotion running from Amazon.Buy this one
 I purchased a Toman Tool RC-20 on Amazon and have had nothing but trouble with it . After only a few uses , I returned the tool to Tolman because the piston was not retracting properly . Tolman cleaned it up and said it worked great . Unfortunately , it did not work any better after only cutting a few rebars . I returned the RC-20 again and paid around $ 200 to have the piston replaced . Tolman said the cutter worked great -- it did not . When I told them it still did n't work , Tolman told me I should try to find someone in my area to fix it!If Tolman ca n't properly fix their own tool , I 'd highly recommend buying a rebar cutter from a company that can . BEWARE OF GETTING A BIG FAT LEMON from Tolman Tool .
 First this comp hX lozt my ordsr and.s.my new.horse.was comingng j needed this.so w lost order . . they.couldnt.evsn find order n0mber or.tracking.i.hsd to.soen 19 bucks at feed store toborder s new 1 ... my.amazon . . order got.here a week ksterz ! Thanks for nothing
 I have a Porter Cable pneumatic flooring nailer . When using Bostitch cleats I 've never had a problem with the nailer . It has worked flawlessly . Recently I decided to try B & C Eagle cleats because they were more economical.I was nailing a hardwood floor in a room that was 120 square feet . While nailing the floor the flooring nailer jammed five times . Two of the times required dismantling of the nailing head . Plus I had to pull up one of the boards that I had nailed down.Since then I 've gone back to the Bostitch cleats . They work flawlessly in the nailer and I highly recommend them . I do n't recommend the B & C Eagle cleats .
 What was not clear to me when I bought this product was that it does not turn off at Sunrise . Basically the way it works is that it will turn on at Sunset . You then have to tell it how many hours you want it to stay on after Sunset . This means the lights are either staying on too long or not long enough . It does not have the ability to turn off at Sunrise . I wish I knew this before I purchased . I would recommend if you want something that turns off at Sunrise to get the Aube by Honeywell TI044/U Solar Programmable Timer . The only plus for the Sylvania is that you only need to enter in your area code . Other ones you need to know you latitude and longitude .
 I bought three of these to act as a timer for various signs etc for our office building , That is why 40 amps was wanted . I did read other online commnets regarding the poor instructions and I would agree with this . A licensed electrician installed them . Two of the three would not work and the display did not work . In addition , as mentioned the instructuions are poor and the timers do not activate multiple times in a day as implied . They -LRB- SA300 -RRB- are a simple on and off once for the day . I did keep the one that worked and it will be adequate for one set of signage . The return and credit back to date by Amazon has been prompt and efficient . I do not know if the units sold by the vendor were used but they should have been new . We have contacted Sylvania customer service for the units to verify that the SA400 will actually work meet our needs for the other two circuits that require multiple on offs during the day and for only 5 of 7 days . We shall see and I ordered two of the SA400 's . Amazon 's pricing is very competritive . The two new ones are represented to be new . Hopefully they will work as represented .
 Delivery was as expected . Tried to program the timer and the display showed all digits scrambled . Tried to program several times . No readable entry could be made . Send it back as defected .
 I wanted a timer that would turn off an appliance several times during the day . This timer was listed with 4 programmable programs . I think it was a logical assumption that with a digital timer that cost $ 65 and up that you would be able to set the four programs and they would activate throughout the day . Not so with this timer . Only the program you have selected will activate . The major problem for the buyer is that finding out operational data before you buy is non-existent . Not worth the money
 A good tool design is nothing if the battery is junk !
 The velcro pads are horrible , I have been through 2 and the job is not complete . The velcro separates off of the pads . Buy elsewhere .
 I am use this paper for U-Sand orbital sander and with other paper it working longer and make better result .
 Had to return first mail box as one of the boards was cut incorrectly , not securely glued . It popped out and warped.Shipping was very fast . Replacement also arrived quickly . Holes in wood do not line up with holes on mail box andone of the boards is short , but we will make do . Nice product if it was manufactured correctly .
 A week after I purchased and installed the mail box , two of the cedar wood strips fell off from the mail box . They were not attached to the mail box with sufficient adhesives and apparently they were not tested by the manufacturer . Obvious lack of quality control . I would not recommand this product .
 First shipment was dented bent door would n't work so I sent it back and second item was the same so I got a refund . I would n't get this item again . Poor construction and shipping preparation .
 as a carpenter I need a good reliable cordless to use day in day out , after 18 months I can report that this drill is n't up to the task , I 'm sorry but it 's just not . Great power ... . really good power , but the fact is for the first 12 months I owned it it spent 25 % of it time back at the shop , items including new gear box , selector , switch -LRB- twice -RRB- and battery . I went out and bought a little 12V maktec cordless to use while it was in the shop and use this now more than the Hitachi . the low gear has gone on it once again and the Batterys are on the way out ... . I ca n't justify spending more money on it , -LRB- throwing good after bad -RRB- . Great power , just bad build quality and service back up
 I had high hopes for this drill . As an avid DIY'er , I need tools I can depend on . Although the Hitachi has a nice grip and fairly good power , the batteries are really weeny . I finally got so disgusted after changing the batteries after only an hour of work that I sent it back . My 12 V Makita , which I ran into the ground , was much more efficient . Would n't buy again .
 I 've had this drill since last christmas and have used it 8 or ten times around the house.Today I was installing some new windows and the drill fell from the window sill to the hardwood floor maybe 3 or 4 feet . The drill , that I was counting on to finish my days work BROKE IN TWO.This is in no way acceptable and anyone doing commercial work and relies on their tools needs to steer clear of Hitachi ... Man , what a pain . I had to call my wife to bring me my 10 year old Panasonic to finish the job and it still works like a champ !! I 've got to call Hitachi to see if they will fix this drill made out of glass ... works good besides that !! LOL
 I almost hit the buy button on this drill , I have used dewalt in the past , its been a decent drill.Bosch has been the tool I target when replacing my equipment these days.I am looking to replace my dewalt with a bosch cordless drill now.I have come close to buying Hitachi products in the past and almost bought the sds chipping hammer a few months ago , but decided to go with Bosch.Glad I took the time to look at the spec sheet on both the Hitachi and the bosch.Bottom line , Bosch is made in Switzerland , Hitachi is made in China!If you have ever tried to use ANYTHING made in China you know its not worth your time or money.Going to order the Bosch Now
 This is made of PLASTIC - not chrome ... The part that holds the shower head arm broke the second time I used the shower ... We got two - the one in the guest bath is looser so that one is okay ... The one that broke in our master bath was a lot tighter , and I went to adjust it and it just snapped . My husband went to Home Depot and got a new generic attachment for about $ 7 , so it 's fine ... except that this says `` chrome '' which is nothing more than a cheap decal over plastic ... Nowhere here or on any site that sells this is that made clear.For less money , next time I 'd get the other brand w / the charcoal filter ... which is also PLASTIC ... but at least for less money!I also have to agree w / another reivewer of the charcoal filters ... unless you have an alergy or really sensitive skin , the filter is n't going to do too much that is noticable ... my hair comes out pretty much the same -LRB- on the dry frizzy side until I get product in it and use my flat iron -RRB- .
 Within three days of use , the arm that holds the showerhead in place broke . -- The third time I took the showerhead out of it 's holder , one of the plastic `` wings '' that holds it in place broke off . - I e-mailed the company who shipped the product & they just told me to call another number -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- , which I did , and could never get anyone on the line who would help me . -- I ended up having to buy a replacement part at a local hardware store ... Not worth the money .
 The showerhead works fine and I like the long hose BUT the clip that holds the hand-held is plastic painted to look like metal and of course it broke right away . Make sure you buy one that is real metal or PVC and not painted to look like stainless steel .
 This shower head is &#34; OKAY &#34; but I am not impressed with it . There is not enough water pressure for my liking and the different spray options are limited . It also sprays a small area & I really wish that it had a wider spray option . I do like that it is a handheld for cleaning the shower and that it is filtered .
 We have the following complaints about this shower filter : - The hardest-hitting setting stopped functioning within a few months . Changing the filter and vinegar soaks made no difference . - The water pressure drop is terrible , especially after the hardest-hitting setting stopped functioning . If you hold the handle so that it sprays straight up in the air , the water barely shoots up a couple of inches -LRB- and with no force at all -RRB- . - You 're supposed to reverse the filter once a month to backflush it and prolong its use , but it 's difficult -LRB- sometimes impossible -RRB- to remove the filter from the handle without damaging the filter . - Changing the settings is very difficult -LRB- you have to push the lever so hard that the shower handle pops out of the bracket , so you have to remove the handle from the bracket before changing settings unless you want to wash the walls and ceiling during the process -RRB- . This is not as critical an issue as the other 3 , but worth mentioning.The water smells cleaner , and our skin/hair rinsed cleaner and softer -LRB- which is why it received a rating of 2 instead of 1 -RRB- . After 10 months of dealing with these problems , we 're going to try the Culligan shower filter , which looks like a better choice .
 Very simply put - YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!These are n't even of sufficient quality to give away as gifts to your competition so that they will mess up their work.Don ' t waste your money unless you only wany to put in your drawer/tool box for appearance .
 The item is built well , but it does n't hold two bags well . I had to stuff both of my bags and one still hangs out a bit . For two starter bags its great , but not for normal to larger bags .
 Amazon should not carry items from manufacturers who have such poor quality control . I was excited when I took the parts from the box because nothing was damaged ! Unfortunately , the left frame was missing . Ca n't put it together without that ! So back it went .
 I work out of the country so throughout the year I do a lot of on-line shopping . Found this and thought it would help with keeping my closet clean -LRB- my wife uses my closet for a dumping ground including both sets of our golf clubs -RRB- while I 'm away at work . Product arrived and my son attempted to put it together but was n't very successful . My wife says the mesh netting at the back arrived with two -LRB- 2 -RRB- large holes in it . Like the idea and design from the picture but this purchase does n't seam to be working out . Will be sending it back as soon as my son can get it to fit back into the box it arrived in .
 I received the Suncast Organizer via UPS . The item had adequate packaging with Styrofoam , and was shrink wrapped , so it was secure enough to prevent most damage in transit.It took me about 30 minutes to assemble , and the two supplied allen wrenches that came with the screws and nuts were sufficient to assemble the item.The assembly was n't as easy as I had hoped . You need to line up the holes and put all the screws in , and sometimes they were n't lining up , and that required a little bit of force to tweak and manipulate the alignment . Definitely can use two people to assemble the unit , and it would be much easier.As I took the plastic wrapping off , and began assembling the pieces , I noticed that almost all the meshing on the panels were visibly damaged . The mesh material is very fine and delicate , and can be easily punctured and dented with little force or effort . Furthermore , the front brace was bent . I was able to straighten it out , but nevertheless , it was disappointing to see how flimsy the metal was.A bracket , which holds the middle shelf , was also broken off , making the middle shelf unusable -LRB- like missing a a leg on a chair or table -RRB- . It is made from really poor quality metal that is extremely bendable , and the brackets look like they were glued on . You figure an item that will house golf equipment would be sturdier.The organizer was so tweaked that one of the footpads needed to be screwed half way out to keep the unit level on the floor.Overall , I was very disappointed with the quality and workmanship of this item , especially having paid $ 70 for it.Amazon.com is sending me a replacement at no charge , so hopefully when I get that one , I 'll add another review . Thank goodness for Amazon.com 's customer service.By the way , I called them , instead of doing the return/exchange online . They also emailed me a free shipping label.The one that will be returned can be used as scrap metal .
 I received the Suncast Organizer . The item did not have adequate packaging with Styrofoam . The mesh back of product was bent.The allen wrenches that came with it did not fit the holes in the in the screws . The holes in the in the actual product were either not drilled out or poorly drilled out and the feet would not fit into the bottom of it.I would not recommend this product due to the construction , quality and weight issue.Overall the product was poorly made and not worth the money.I have sent this back to Amazon and did not request a replacement . I would not recommend this product however Amazon has been great .
 As most people have already stated , the metal holes do n't line up and there are gaps that prevent the back and sides from coming together with the base . I have tried assembling screws in different orders to avoid the gap , but no dice . The unit we received is not possible to put together by any mortal being and I am a veteran Ikea assembler from way back . The screws are barely long enough to fit together when there ISNT a gap , and some of the screws were defective and would slip out when tightening . Even with one person holding the frame together and another trying to make the screws reach , the base had a slight concave to it , which pushed the screws away from each other . Do n't buy this defective and poorly designed product . You will regret it .
 The instructions were very poorly written in order to assemble the product . Secondly , the connection did not completely match up so you need to use a drill to adjust the spots to allow for the nuts to slide through the joints .
 After about 2 years of light DIY homeowners use the top lock broke . Piece stuck inside preventing the tape to roll . I would not recommend , because the only way to repair it is to buy a new one . I hardly used it at all .
 I have gone through two of these now . The spring mechanism in both snapped . They both received very little use .
 Bought this tape thinking it was gon na be a good buy . Not so the belt clip was poor keep falling until it eventually broken . Not durable at all .
 Thought this was a great buy until I actually used it . Lasted about 3 days . Buy the Klein . It has a double end hook , metric readings , and is way better made .
 Complete GARBAGE !!!!! I purchased this laser brand new and when it arrived from Amazon it was not functioning properly.When turned on , it would do its self-diagnostic and leveling . The head would begin rotating but no laser would emit from the head . I needed it for a current job to be started and could not wait to return and replace so I spoke to an Amazon representative . I was to recieve a return postage for the current one , but had to order another to have it in time.I purchased a second one that worked on site for approximately 45 minutes . At this time the head quit rotating and the unit would no longer work . Needless to say I was already on the job and working . I spoke to another Amazon Representative and they said I would recieve a return postage card , but have not recieved a postage slip for either laser.I currently have two lasers to return that are as useful as two $ 900 paperweights
 I did n't buy this through Amazon , and I regret it . I bought what I thought was the same thing from CPO Bosch . They list it as the same part number , but do n't include the blades that are a part of the kit on Amazon and Bosch 's websites .
 Mine came with bent legs so i returned . even so this tripod is light weight junk .
 I got this to use with a new laser level as my old one has vanished . I understand that I did n't choose several of the higher priced ones ... it 's hard to tell the difference online . This is VERY light and the leg extensions slide through plastic guides . The top is cast and the finish is not impressive . I feel uncertain about placing a $ 1000 laser on top of this . If you are a professional in the building trades , my suggestion is to get something more substantial .
 Complete GARBAGE !!!!! I purchased this laser brand new and when it arrived from Amazon it was not functioning properly.When turned on , it would do its self-diagnostic and leveling . The head would begin rotating but no laser would emit from the head . I needed it for a current job to be started and could not wait to return and replace so I spoke to an Amazon representative . I was to recieve a return postage for the current one , but had to order another to have it in time.I purchased a second one that worked on site for approximately 45 minutes . At this time the head quit rotating and the unit would no longer work . Needless to say I was already on the job and working . I spoke to another Amazon Representative and they said I would recieve a return postage card , but have not recieved a postage slip for either laser.I currently have two lasers to return that are as useful as two $ 900 paperweights .
 The first shock I got when I opened the package was that the entire base of the saw is a very thin plastic , including the mounting structure . I have looked at a lot of table saws -LRB- other brands -RRB- in stores and they usually have very sturdy cast iron or aluminum bases . I could break a piece out of the base without even straining at it.The second was the missing parts
 I received this supposedly factory reconditioned scroll saw today and set about putting it together . First , not all the parts were there . Second , the tilt table gauge was bent nearly 60 degrees out of whack . The variable speed knob just spins around and around and has no effect on the speed of the unit.This thing belongs in the trash can . If I do n't get some satisfaction from Delta and The Tool Crib , it 's sayonara to both of them.This saw is junk when it 's brand new . Buyer beware !
 The product is less than I had expected ; basically a poorly engineered blade fastening system . . Breaks blades with great frequency and discouraging to operate.Instructions for the model make references and photos of component parts not part of the saw . Name tag felloff , taped it to hold in place.Since purchase have observed new scroll saws for the same pricing.Bill Cunningham
 This machine lacks the power to pull a 5 '' x 7 '' x 6 ' 4/4 piece of alder across my 3 hp table saw . I thought it was a bargain , instead its just ... from Delta . Ca n't imagine this working for anyone . I 'm sending this one back and buying a 1hp and waiting for shipping ... again .
 Rip fence broke almost immediatly . Every part is madedown to price . Look at Sears - for the same price you ` llget much better quality .
 Delta should be ashamed to put there name on that toy ah tool and to call it professional . I was so dissatisfied when I opened the box and looked at the condition of the saw and the play in the blade and the material of the saws general construction . I closed the box and sent it back for a refund . Save your money so you can spend a little more and get a real table saw .
 This thing is a tangles nightmare ! The all-black color makes it nearly impossible to straighten out too . Do n't try to put it on a load alone - you will almost certainly give up -LRB- or go blind trying -RRB- ! Construction is very sturdy but the design is insane . Do n't buy - this is a waste of money . Just get some rope and criss-cross your load a few times ... much , much easier to do , especially by yourself . I would n't have given it even one star but Amazon insisted .
 Pros : - 1/64 '' steps - Very nice plastic case - `` No spin '' hex shank -LRB- also lets larger bits fit 3/8 '' chucks -RRB- - Pilot point works as advertisedCons : - Gold Ferrous Oxide instead of TiN - More shank and less flute than your average drill bit - Design aggressively chews up wood badly -LRB- with tear out on exit -RRB- - Not good for soft woods -LRB- works better with harder woods -RRB- - Flutes seem less sharp than other brands - Too much heat concentrated at pilot point risks burning the bit - Halfway down , bits bite hard into the wood -LRB- especially the larger ones -RRB- and cause the drill to screw itself into the wood until the chuck hits requiring you to backout and try again . This is very frustrating and is a major design flaw in my opinion . As such these bits are not well suited to hand drills.If you are set on this purchase , consider the package with the measuring tape : DEWALT DW1969TM Heavy Duty 29-Piece Pilot Point Set with FREE Tape MeasureOr the 25pc Black Oxide version with the normal tip : DEWALT DW1164 25 Piece Black Oxide Drill Bit SetNote there also exists a cobalt version with the Pilot Point tip : DEWALT DW1269 29 Piece Cobalt Pilot Point Metal Drill Bit Index Set
 I am a serious amateur carpenter , and a long time Dewalt tool loyalist , so I was very excited to get this set . Unfortunately , although I have a drill press , much of the work I need to do requires a cordless drill , and I have found these bits to be difficult to get good results with . As the other reviewers state , they tend to grab hold and thread themselves into the wood , particularly if you are trying to enlarge an existing hole , and there is little that can be done to stop them . The results are often a blowout on the back side , and they are so aggressive , the hole is not as clean as I would like . I have experienced blowouts even when blocking the back side , as you should with any bit . Most recently , I clamped my blocking to the piece and it blew out anyway . Frustrating.I will say they are great in the drill press when everything is clamped down and you have better control of the rate of descent of the chuck , but otherwise , I tend to shy away from using these bits , they are just to aggressive and destructive . I wish I had tried another brand , like Milwaukee or Irwin .
 These are some of the worst drill bits I have ever had the displeasure to use . I caution anyone who is trying to achieve any fine control over their drilling to stay far away from these.First , they seem to get quite hot , very quickly . I see some other reviewers have noted this . Working in hardwoods you will especially note this , with good potential for burning the wood.But far worse than that is the overly aggressive bite these take of the wood once they dig in . Trust me ; whether its hardwood , softwood , even plywood - when these start to `` bite '' they rip and tear into the wood with such aggression that only one of two outcomes is possible
 I have used one of these for a few months in my drill press and I have had several scrapes to my hands . The problem is that the cutting end is very aggressive and as soon as it cuts through the far side of the work piece with the pilot tip , the drill bit tends to break through the material and grab it - spinning it rapidly . I am not exactly a novice with using a drill press . Any bit has some tendency to do this and you need to clamp the work piece , have a backer piece under it , and slow down the feed just before the drill exits the other side.The worse case using these bits is in drilling thick polycarbonate plastic - it 's tough and these blasted bits grab every time on the exit . I have had similar but lesser problems in brass and aluminum.I finally gave up and plan to sell the set in a garage sale - buyer beware ! I have gone back to the standard point type bits.These bits are an accident waiting to happen in my opinion .
 bits are junk jam in wood broke one bit dulled three more trying to drill four holes 3/8 metal i ' v had better $ 15 doller sets got from amazon
 all in all the bits set are good , however when drilling thru industural steel studs they break they do n't seem to be design for high speed drill -LRB- electric drill -RRB- they also kills the batteries in cordless ones with just a few drillingsDEWALT DW1361 Titanium Pilot Point Drill Bit Set , 21-Piece
 I 'm a home remodeler . I 've had this set for a couple years and am not happy . The small bits have worked fine . The larger bits will actually start to thread into the wood like a screw . Being extra careful to apply light pressure the drill will still twist out of your hand . I thought maybe I was doing something wrong so I asked my father -LRB- also a remodeler -RRB- to try them . He had the same problem . We did n't have the right size bit to drill a hole in our boat . We rolled the dice and use this set again . Not good . Splintered the fiberglass and made a mess . Now I 'm looking for a different set .
 I 've used this machine on several occasions at the shop where I work . Delta has many great products in its stable , but this is not one of them . First off , the machine is way too light . a router/shaper -LRB- ... -RRB- should be heavy in order to reduce vibration . Secondly , the top is cast aluminum . Good Lord , and with those horrible grooves . And my final point -LRB- though I could go on ad infinitum -RRB- , the table is too small .
 I received this unit yesterday and what a big disappointment ! First thing I noticed before opening the case was that it is no longer the blow-molded carrying case that was made to withstand the abuse of a construction site , but a new and very cheaply made vinyl case . Makita is now using pieces of soft foam to keep the product from moving around inside the case . That wo n't last on a construction site . Just imagine what cold weather will due to it ? The case is so delicate that it cracked in several places during shipment via UPS . The new case appears to be a one size fits all too . It is a badly designed case , period ! ... My next complaint may seem a small one to some of you , but to me it 's a good indication of poor craftsmanship throughout the product . All the decals , the ones on the outside of the carrying case and on the product , were crooked.Tried using the product and it seems to just take off when you pull the trigger . Unlike its predecessors that have a slow take off and a good variable speed range of use . The motor was a bit noisy too ! Might just need some break in time , but I 'm not taking the chance.I 'm returning the product and looking elsewhere for a replacement to my old unit . I do n't think I 'll be shopping Makita first any longer . They were my toolmaker of choice for most items , but they are headed down the highway of cheap goods and I personally do n't take that road .
 This rack is pretty much a piece of junk . . but I think since it 's all cheap plastic I will probably end up just drilling mine out to try and make it safe.I believe the tubes slip under the weight of the bikes and/or expansion/contraction due to temperature changes as others have mentioned . We put it securely against a ceiling joist in our garage . . twice it fell.The second time it fell and put 3 dents in the hood of my car . Enough is enough . . It is probably safe if you drill out the tubes and install a locking bolt and then `` safety wire '' it to the ceiling.But then again why buy this design if it 's unsafe without modification?I 'm just glad expensive bikes are tougher then car hoods ... edit
 Received product from Amazon without the critical suction cups that allow the pole to adhere to floor and ceiling . Without these cups , the rack will surely fall over . I 've seen the product in stores , so I know it works . Just make sure you get a complete product before installing .
 I really wanted this product to work . Its very well made - german engineering . The concept is great - nothing to drill in the walls.I read the other reviews , and understand why some like and some did n't like . I spent several hours over three days , and discovered that it depends on the surfaces you are installing it on -LRB- ceiling and floor -RRB- . If you are putting this on carpet , with a textured ceiling - something for it to grab onto - it works . If you are putting it on a smooth concrete floor -LRB- in your garage , for example -RRB- , or a smooth piece of wood -LRB- like in an unfinished ceiling in your garage -RRB- , the stand does n't grip tight enough and tends to move slightly . Under the weight of bikes , and with vibration from the garage door opener , it can fall over .
 THE SHORT
 Had this for 15 months and this is not very stable . Maybe due to the seasonal contraction and expansion in my garage , the spring tension in the pole has given way at least 3 times , twice the stand slipped off the ceiling joist stud on its own . But once it is installed , it is great but if you live in a zone where the temps in your garage varies greatly with the season , watch out !!!
 This fell on my car ... twice . The first time not much damage was done to the car probably because two bikes were mounted and the lower bike helped slow the fall . The 2nd time , after remounting in what I thought was a more secure way , it was a couple months later and there was only the top bike mounted ... much more damage was done to the car . Thanks Topeak for making a product that is probably going to cost me over $ 1000 easy .
 I liked this stand very much , and installed it in my garage about 1.5 years ago . The stand and bicycles came crashing down a couple of months back , putting a sharp dent in a car . The basic problem with this stand is that it relies on friction between the floor and ceiling to work . I 'm guessing that as the seasons passed , changes in the weather caused the ceiling to move a little , perhaps even give a little -LRB- this is despite the stand being installed right where a truss is -RRB- . Regardless of the cause , the net result is that over time , this stand will work itself loose , with potentially disastrous consequences.My conclusion ? Get yourself a stand that is bolted to the wall/ceiling , or else find someway to secure this stand to the same -- so nullifying the stand 's raison d'tre .
 This rack is highly unstable . It was holding two bikes in my garage , and fell down while I was away on vacation . Both bikes and the rack landed on the hood of my car , causing several dents and scratches .
 I installed this in my garage . It was mounted under a stud and secure at the time of installation . After 12 days it fell on my car and left dents and scratches . It caused $ 2,100 in damage to my car . I believe the vibration of the garage door opening and closing allowed the stand to become loose . I would not recommend this stand to anyone .
 I have owned this tool for over 2 years . I use it for home projects and metal fabrication in my home shop . The saw cuts steel beautifully and aluminum like butter . Both cut with almost no effort and the cut quality is very good . I have even cut 1/2 plate inch stock even though that 's thicker than recommended.The saw has a few problems though . It is virtually impossible to line up the blade with the cut line , i.e. you can not use this saw like a hand circular saw as in cutting wood . The blade is almost totally enclosed -LRB- a good thing to contain the hot chips -RRB- thus making it impossible to see where it is going or how far you have gone if it is not a through cut . To use it you must use a guide fence that is clamped in place - thats true for straight cuts and for angle cuts . That means you have to take quite a bit of time to set up each cut by marking the cut , then measure for the shoe offset , then clamp the guide to the offset line . The angle clamping screw on the front of the saw is too big and interferes with the guide if the guide is more than 1/8 inch thick , like using a speed square with a flat edge.You can not use this saw one handed , it is too heavy and the push angle of the handle is very awkward and that causes the saw to want to twist . I am constantly tripping the overload protector even though it does not seem like I am pushing that hard.The saw has a cover that retains most but not all of the -LRB- very very -RRB- hot chips . Thats a good feature . The problem is that you have to empty the cover . To do this you remove the center screw which is NOT captured to the cover . If you set the saw on a flat surface its easy to hold on to the screw and cover but then the chips all fall into the blade guard and you have to thoroughly clean that or it gets hung up . Alternatively , you can hold the saw sideways , loosen the screw and all the chips fall nicely into a garbage can - along with the screw or cover , whichever your one free hand can hold . Now have to fish the cover and screw out of the sharp chips . Seems like a retained screw and a hinged cover would have been a better design.Lastly , the cord ... 6 foot plastic that will not wrap anywhere , Jancy guys , buy rubber cords , They are much better !!!!
 Received a 4 foot cord instead of a 6 foot cord as was stated in the description . Had to return it . Happened twice !
 Where do I start ? When I worked for Lowe 's for 6 years I was a delivery driver . Having gloves with good grip was essential in my daily routine . I wore Mechanix gloves every day , usually the `` Impact Pro '' which retailed at the store for $ 35 . I got them for free as a store use item . They would last me 1 to 2 weeks per pair of gloves . They just fell apart . So my expectations were low for these `` Grip '' gloves.Now I handle 500 pieces of freight every night with the majority being cardboard boxes . Let me tell you that the `` grip '' is a JOKE ! I was using Carhardt C-Grip gloves until Amazon stopped selling them directly . They were a dream . The Mechanix gloves have these little nubs on the contact part of the glove that rub off with first use . It has been a week of use and the gloves are bald . BALD ! Nothing left . There was grip on my motorcycle but not a solid contact . I see the seams are starting to weaken already . The only way these gloves would work is if they were molded rubber . The contact part of the gloves are NOT rubber . You can buy garden gloves with the same `` grip '' for $ 2 elsewhere.The only PRO is that the fastening system on these works well . Does n't stick to fabric . But these gloves get the lowest rating . Do NOT buy them as you will be disappointed beyond belief . I will try to return these to Amazon
 I bought these gloves with high expectations , but I was let down . I own a few different pair of Mechanix gloves for different applications and thought these gloves would be a good addition . The gloves fit very well , but the grippy dots do n't last . After the first night of use the thumbs on both gloves were bald , and it has gotten progressively worse . I would not buy these again .
 I 've always loved this brand of gloves ... this pair was disappointing . My last pair lasted 3 years before the seams being to fail.Went on a camping trip with them by the end of the week , one finger tip seam had failed.The little texture beads are a gimmick , most had fallen or torn off within the first 2 days.Disappointed , going to return for credit and try a different model .
 I purchased a house in 2000 that had a bathroom furnished with the American Standard Heritage Collection.Only two of us in the household and within the first 2 years the toilet flush lever handle broke . The first one was replaced free of charge as the toilet was still under warranty . The next one to break , I had to search to find on my own as the toilet had been ` discontinued ' and American Standard no longer carried them . I found them for sale on Amazon and purchased . It worked for a year or so , then it too broke . Obviously the entire design of the mechanism was faulty.The third one I ordered from Amazon as well . When it arrived I thought , ` oh good , they 've changed the design ' -LRB- it was all one piece now , as opposed to having to screw the lever on -RRB- . Anyway this most recently purchased handle broke within a few months !!!! I finally gave up and got rid of the whole goddamn toilet . It was a piece of junk . It leaked , and the handle broke repeatedly . I remember growing up , in a house with 4 children and two adults , and we NEVER had to replace the handle on the toilet . Ever . Oh , and by the way , the American Standard Heritage collection toilet retailed for almost $ 1,000 ! NEVER AGAIN will I buy American Standard .
 I think this product is good , but I received it looked like a brand new 7 pc set of the wrenches but when I lined them up I noticed the 1/2 inch wrench was missing . As you know a wrench set without the 1/2 wrench is almost worthless . Trying to figure out -LRB- for an older guy -RRB- how to navigate the return process is like trying to castrate a pig , not easy!I would keep the set if it had the 1/2 inch , but I have no idea how to get the wrench without returning the whole set and starting over .
 I just bought a new 15 gauge finish nailer from Amazon , Hitachi NT65MA2 15 Gauge 1-1/4 - Inch to 2 1/2 - Inch Angled Finish Nailerand bought these nails to go with it.They look pretty and the package is really nice , but THEY WO N'T WORK IN MY NAILER ! They are collated at the wrong angle to use in the Hitachi and many other brand 15 gauge nailers , like the Dewalt , Senco , Ridgid , etc. . I 've since learned that most of the 15 gauge angled finish nailers use nails that are collated at 34 degrees and the Stanley Bostitch nailers and nails are apparently collated at 25 degrees.The bad things are that Bostitch does n't tell you about that stuff , anywhere on their package or even on their website when looking at the nail sheets and FAQ . Even worse , the nail strips will go in the magazine , but will promptly jam up the gun.That is inexcusable ... . Thanks for goofing up the newbie 's head ...
 This was a big disappointment and in hind-sight , a rip-off . I could have bought the few pieces of wood for much less a local store . There were not even enough pieces to do the side of the pocket-door . I would NOT order this again .
 Maybe OK for very light use . I used it to clamp a tarp to a 1 '' rectangular pop-up frame . Windless day , about 80 degrees F. First one broke after minutes ; by the end of the weekend about half of them had snapped . The clip frame is breaking between the spring pivot and the gripping tip . Bad plastic ? Seller would not believe they had broken ; wanted me to ship the broken ones back . Gave up and bought metal ones from Harbor Freight .
 APPROX . 60 % HAVE BROKEN SO FAR IN 3 + WEEKS OF USE.I bought these 4.5 '' spring clamps to clamp large sheets of drawing paper to 6 ` x3 ' easels -LRB- easel approx . 3/4 '' - 7/8 '' thick -RRB- . The clamps jaws can open to more than 1.5 '' , so I thought they should be fine.They break in the same place - that 's a design fault of the manufacturer -LRB- not a seller fault -RRB- ... . That 's the engineer in me talking . These are definitely for VERY LIGHT USE ONLY , where they are not to STAY open more than 1/2 inch , OR , WATCH OUT FOR THE FLYING PIECES !!! I have bought other heavy duty 4.5 '' clamps on Amazon - and they work GREAT - no casualties from those.MORAL = you get what you pay for
 I purchased these to hold plastic on a PVC pipe greenhouse . Three of the clamps have broken in only one week of use . The clamps are not under strain and the temperature has been between 45 to 70 degree F . These are very cheap clamps . I recommend saving your money and but some better ones .
 The clamps were very strong however , the orange tips snapped off on every one of them . They did not break off but came unsnapped and you have to snap them back on if you would like to use them . I tried supper gluing them ALL OF THEM so next time I need to use them I 'll see how that works.If you glue them ... they do not pivot any more .
 I purchased three of these lights for under cabinet kitchen lighting to replace similar lights that are 30 years old . The old lights had a low level buzzing sound that posed no problem and provided good cool light . The new replacement lights have a very loud buzz that is unacceptably loud . I will have to bring in an electrician to install led lights to replace these fluorescent lights which I have just purchased . Costly purchase . Very bad light fixture .
 Bought from Home Depot -LCB- twice -RCB- . Both times the outlet would n't hold on to the plug.After about two years -LCB- both times -RCB- the light stopped . Was n't the lamp but theballast itself . T8 lamps no very reliable .
 Purchased for husband and son who are sheet metal benchmen . Husband has used Irwin in the past but these are not as well made , not as large nor are they even AMERICAN made ! What a disappointment . Returned and did not receive full refund .
 I was hoping to gain space in my shed instead I lost space . The base is too big and it is awkward to retrieve tools that are towards the wall . I tried to return this product but did n't because the shipping charge would have been almost $ 50.00 .
 For its size it is kind of good but the blade part for the knife was to dull , and it 's to small to really help it 's better than nothing , though .
 I guess I should n't expect much for $ 2 but this this is really cheap . I 'm glad someone posted a picture of the english instruction card because mine only came with a paper of chinese symbols .
 I ordered 7 of these as cheap xmas gifts for people i work with . Got them a month later from China . All of them were horrible . The instructions were in Chinese . None of the edges were cleaned up . All of the wrenches had rounded edges and you could see where the steel was punched as a template where it was to be ground away . I have seen these types of tools before and these were horrible unfinished knockoffs .
 It 's OK but half the tools do not really work that well . Knife is sorta sharp . Saw sorta works . Bottle opener is great . Has a handy pouch .
 have not recieved this item yet was set to recieve 9-7-2012 who wouldve thunk it takes a month to recieve a simple item
 I bought two of these to keep in my wallet and my uniform front pocket . When I got them I was pretty disappointed . It 's too bulky to keep in my wallet , the lanyard/key-ring hole is too small , knife edge is dull , screwdriver is too thick for most screw slots , and the saw might be able to cut a few twigs but nothing thicker than that.That being said ; it 's cheap enough , they do n't charge for shipping , and it 's better than nothing . At the very least you 'll always have a bottle opener on you .
 I 'm still looking to find a use for this . I do n't know what I expected when I bought this originally but it does not make a good screwdriver the knife is not in a handy spot nor is the saw .
 This product is terrible , first off how is use # 1 and # 5 both bottle opener ? I actually recieved this from a friend and i wondered how i could use this in a practive everyday seeting and I have yet to find it . I have now throw it out since i no longer want it to even take up space in my wallet . Please do not waste your money on something you will not use . I recommend the swiss-tech utilikey to everyone . It is a much better product and is not made of crap metal like this POS . Also , I have dis-owned the person who gave me this awful piece of crap . Good luck to any who still buy this , you have been warned .
 My instruction card is in Chinese or Japanese , the ruler in CM.I don ' t speak the language that would allow me to use the wrenches . The saw edge might come in handy but I probably wo n't carry it just for that . The bottle opener looks fine , but I 've got that on other tools . This may be compact and heavy duty but it 's not useful.I 'm not even going to complain or try to return . I 've already wasted too much on buying and reviewing . This is going in my notes to self
 My relationship to this product ends there . I put it in a drawer and will not use it . I am not entirely sure as to why I purchased it in the first place other than I hate using furniture to open beer bottles , the item was cheap and had to the potential to be a clever gadget . In a pinch , I will stick to opening beers with my sandal .
 I put this into one of the credit card slots of my wallet . I ended up removing it ... it is n't worth the added weight . The tools are n't that useful , the blade is hard to use -LRB- hard to hold onto the whole unit -RRB- . I ended up going with an inexpensive small gerber pocket knife that I put on my keyring . It does n't stick out any more than a keyfob and is much more useful .
 There are tools there , they are compact . That is definitely true . How well they work however ... not so much . The cutting edges are n't sharp enough and the bottle opener is n't very good either . The shape of the tool is prohibitive for most of the other functions as well .
 I got what I paid for . This thing is cheap in cost , and cheaply made . The knife edge was dull on arrival , and it is not worth my effort to try to sharpen it . The nut sizes it can drive are all fairly small , which limits its usefulness in emergencies where such a tool would be required.I have not tried to actually use it yet , but if I ever do I will update my review .
 All I recieved was an empty package . I ordered in good faith , expecting an interesting item , yet all I recieved was an empty package . I am sending this in the event that others had a similar experience so this does not become a habitual BAD eperience .
 Shipping took way too long from overseas . the product itself is very generic and not the same precision instrument that is in the picture . The tool is really un-refined and worthless .
 I ordered two . Even for the very low price , they are not worth it - not one of the wrenching sockets is cut accurately enough to work . One of the units I bought has a gentle slope rather than the stairstep graduation . Maybe it 's good for a saw for twigs ? I admit , I have not tried the bottle opener . The can opener is rather dull due to being stamped , and is thus not likely to work -LRB- I am not going to try it , it looks that dull -RRB- . Summary
 Fits in my alumi-wallet and has ok tools in case . But would n't rely on it for serious emergencies . Fun gift but just a trinket .
 Neat little novelty item but basically just a bottle opener . Also this came from Hong Kong had the custom stamp and all on it . Took approx : a month to get here . I would not recommend thids item .
 Wow looks good on the web page but its a cheap piece of metal that looks like it was done in a back yard somewhere . You get what you pay for .
 Poorly crafted and useless . Not thin enough to keep in an average wallet , significantly heavy . Uneven machining makes this look like it was made by hand using a file to shape the edges . The serrated edge would probably work since it seems sharp . The bottle opener will probably work well for a while also . Spend more if you want something similar and get a known product that you can count on . It gets 2 stars for arriving pretty quickly and not being falsely advertised .
 Ok I guess if you only had your finger nails as a survival tool this could help a bit . Otherwise , junk . Save your 2 dollars or what ever it cost .
 Over the years these things have been sold . Aside from being intricate and thus appealing they are mostly useless . If marooned in the wilds are you really going to open a bottle of grog ? Will you operate small fasteners ? Measure your way out?A much more useful tool would be the Ames Jackson Garden Knife ! Dig for food . Construct hasty shelter . Defence.Prepare food . Maybe even spear food!I 'm thinking TSA might see this in a different light . But if you like trinkets this is it ...
 Have not received the item yet . Still waiting for the item to come to me . ThIs is the second time I have order the item . The item is cheap in cost . So I thought well I will just order it again
 This product was not what it was represented to be . I would not recommend that you buy it . The product is too small to be of any use . It is poorly made .
 the picture looks like the cut outs of the metal are nice crisp cut outs But the one i got looks dull and looks like its aBout 50 years old . the cut outs look like they have Been used heavily . the one i recieved is really poor quality . i would have given it 1 star But since i only paid aBout a dollar it wasnt much of a loss . definately dissapointed in this item .
 This item should be restricted to the status of a cheap stocking stuffer or joke-type office gift to laugh about , stick in a drawer , and forget . The only function that 's even remotely useful is the bottle opener , but even that is literally painful to use unless you 're very careful . The others , based on their position on the tool or the required hand placement during use , range from nonsensical to downright dangerous . The knife is dull , and given the cheap stainless this is made of , would n't STAY sharp even if you put a good edge on it . The saw is surprisingly sharp , but that basically means it will make a line of punctures in your hand if you try to grip it to use any other tools . Given the placement of the saw , bottle opener , and `` knife '' , it 's almost ironic that the word `` Survival '' is in the product title . It 's too wide and too thick to fit well in my wallet , and I sure would n't want to carry this thing loose in my pocket.Even the ruler is poor ... How does one mess up a ruler , you may ask ? It does n't start at a corner - there are just a few lines in the middle of one edge of the tool , so if you 're trying to measure the distance out from a solid vertical surface , for instance , it 's useless.If you want a USEFUL pocket multi-tool , theLeatherman 64010103K Micra Multitoolis as good as they come , in my opinion . If you like pliers more than scissors , one of Leatherman 's Squirt P _ models would be a good choice . Granted , any of these are ~ 5X the price of this card , but you do indeed get what you pay for . If you really want something cheap , at least get one of Swiss Tech 's little multi-tools - theSwiss Tech MMCSSS Micro-Max 19-in-1 KeyChain MultiToolis still made of cheap metal , but it 's airline-friendly , and pretty thorough as far as screwdrivers go .
 ZERO STARS if I had the option.I have bought ten of these all at once hoping it would be fun clever gift but after testing it I found that it was better off in the garbage.On back of the package it lists the `` 11 '' tools .1 . Can Opener -LRB- Too Bad the leverage point has a Saw -RRB- 2 . Knife Edge -LRB- Sharp but small -RRB- 3 . Screw Driver -LRB- Too Bad the leverage point has Saw/Knife -RRB- 4 . Ruler -LRB- What Scale ? Looks to be CM -RRB- 5 . Cap/Bottle Opener -LRB- Works Best for a Righty -RRB- 6 . 4 Position Wrench -LRB- Metric Only ? , you are more likely to cut your hand open -RRB- 7 . Butterfly Screw Wrench -LRB- Would Not fit most Butterfly/Wind Nuts , you are more likely to cut your hand open -RRB- 8 . Saw Blade -LRB- Located mostly in the way . -RRB- 9 . Direction Anxillary Wrench -LRB- What the heck ? Could Not find out what it is . Nodirections for it . -RRB- 10 . 2 Position Wrench -LRB- Metric Only ? , you are more likely to cut your hand open -RRB- 11 . Key Chain/Lanyard Hole -LRB- Thats a Tool ? Too Small to be used by most sturdy materials or any normal key chain . -RRB- It also includes a card with the same info with a carry sleeve.Not very practical but it is very cheap when I bought them for $ 2 each.Most of the tools would not help in an emergency situation & more likely to cause injury.It is labeled Stainless China.You are better off getting a : Leatherman MicraorLeatherman Squirtorany other name brand small multi tool
 I have tried many wallet multi-tools out there , and this one isnt anything to write home about . The saw blade is where your grip should be , so you cant grip it tight , its a lot smaller than you think and that makes it very hard to handle . I do like the one piece design concept but this wasnt designed well for any sort of actual use . Its not sharp enough to do anything , and the case it comes with ripped in the first 2 days of use . If you want a wallet multi-tool you 'll use get a swisscard lite .
 The only reason I bought this `` Survival Pocket Tool '' was because I had an extra $ 2.00 on a VISA gift card and this was very cheap and AMAZON PRIME eligible . I do nto know how anyone could call this a `` Survival Tool '' as it offers really no practical survival application with the exception of the Saw and Blade . The Saw is to small to cut anything that a normal person could just snap with there hands and the blade is so dull I doubt I could cut anything with it . All the other tools are pretty useless to me as I carry a Leatherman every day . If you want a REAL multitool buy a Leatherman . The sheath this thing comes with is just some cheap plastic that will surely fall apart with any sort of use . If you have $ 2.00 to blow of need a few extra dollars to get free shipping than it might be an option for you but I would never suggest this for any sort of every day carry or survival tool .
 While an interesting idea , its all but useless . Pass on it . Buy a proper multi-tool . Buy many multitools . Find what works , keep redundant back up systems , but do n't fool yourself by thinking you could survive with this . Then again , it was like .99 cents . I suppose you could throw it at a threat .
 Not a loss for the money spent , but it 's a piece . The die must have worn out about a year before mine were stamped . The wrench openings are essentially useless . Not stair-stepped as in the picture , just a wavy line that would serve little function . I suppose as long as the bottle opener works , I 'll be ok with it.One is none , two is one , three is prepared . I 'd say make this your fourth or fifth .
 Barely worth the material it 's made of ! I would not recommend this to anyone . The polish finish was poorly done , material was removed causing rounded edges that should have been square .
 Because I needed to purchase a T5 specialty bulb , elected to order two other readily available bulbs also for replacement . This was a mistake . Not only did I pay freight charges on three packages , but the appliance bulb failed to work.Yes , I could have returned the defective bulb for replacement but considering time factor our local store was a better solution . To save everyone time and money , when seller 's of very low cost items are notified of a defective product expected a replacement offer without the need to ship one bulb to validate defect .
 It works pretty much as you would expect for an older style bulb that puts off a not so insignificant amount of heat . What bothers me is that their lives are only a few months or so if left on all the time .
 Conceptually this is a good method of transforming hard water into `` soft '' water via an ion exchange resin located inside the column . Unfortunately , hard water -LRB- which exists where water is pulled from the ground , typically -RRB- reduces the usability to about 10 gallons of water . Further , the columns are difficult to swap out without producing periodic leaks , they are awkward to store when not in use and they can not be regenerated at home necessitating the purchase of new columns very frequently.It does not provide value for the cost .
 Used this filter a few times and it worked well until it suddenly started to cause the filtered water to smell something akin to a strong chemical cat urine odor . I had added some water to a fish tank and the tank smelled rank . As a result , I had to change out the tank and add clean unfiltered water . I think the fish are okay . I will throw the unit away as it also is causing the entire room to smell awful . Total waste of money and I hope I did n't harm the fish by using this product .
 I Had to return this product . It did not work properly . Too bad , I was looking forward to using it .
 the postage is expensive than the item!and anybody did not let me know that !!! whay you do that did not tell me !!!
 For the last 10 years I have been trying to put together a woodworking shop , but the responsibilities of a family of 4 always seem to get in the way of `` the shop '' . After convincing the wife to add on a `` garage '' , my shop was in place and all I needed was ... everything . I had already acquired all the hand tools , power tools and accessories needed for woodworking . Now it was time for the big boys . My first purchase was the table saw . I 'll save time and skip the reasons why I picked this saw , because everyone has their own reasons for choosing a piece of equipment . I purchased the saw for under $ 1200 delivered . Now it is $ 1700 ??? Anyway , the saw arrived via ABS freight in about a week . The driver was great and backed the truck 's liftgate right into my garage and put the saw exactly where I wanted it . I purchased a Delta jointer at the same time and all six boxes and crates arrived undamaged . I took about 8 hours to assemble the saw at a slow pace . As with the previous writer , Delta or Amazon did not include the `` optional '' adapter plate to attach the board to the table . This model has no right extension wing and a special adapter plate is required to attach the board . Someone really dropped the ball on this one . With a little ingenuity you can attach it without much trouble ... but it still is n't right , even though it works.After assembly the saw looked good , but there was something bothering me . This is supposed to be the last table saw I would ever buy . I was really expecting that old table saw from junior high shop class . You know , the real heavy and beefy one . After all , Norm uses a Delta , right ? But to me the saw seemed ... `` adequate '' . The sheet metal making up the cabinet was thinner than I remembered . I wanted that real heavy metal construction of the old days . The cast iron top was OK , but nothing to cheer about . The starter box seemed to have good working parts , but the actual box itself looked and felt cheap . In my opinion the saw was worth about $ 800 ... not $ 1200 or $ 1600 !!!! Anyway I was ready to give it a dance so I plugged it into the 220 . The saw started and I saw that I would need some shims on under one corner , because the saw actually jumped a little when I started due to an uneven floor . Done . One test cut and the saw worked great . Second test cut and BOOOOOOOM !!!!!! The saw exploded and flames shot out the dust shoot on the back . Thick smoke billowed from every crack and hole in the saw and the motor locked up , making a horrendous buzzing sound . I hit the stop button and ... nothing . It would n't work . The smoke was really getting thick now and I reached for the plug and yanked it . After cutting the power the motor stopped buzzing but I had a fire to put out . For the first time I pulled the fire extinguisher off the wall -LRB- I 'm really glad I put that sucker in my cart at Home Depot 3 years ago -RRB- . I got the fire out , which turned out to be burning insulation from the motor blowing up . The inside of the cabinet was scorched and the whole thing was a mess . I looked at the motor and it said `` Made In Brazil '' . Great . What happened to made in America . -LRB- Well I guess Brazil is in the `` Americas '' -RRB- My dream woodworking shop was off to a bad start.I have to say , Amazon gave me no hassle . I called them at 11:30 at night and the trucking company called me the next day to arrange pick-up . I decided for a full refund instead of an exchange . Fool me once ... . This is where ABS gave me a hassle . They would only pick-up in my area on Thursdays , and only if they had a delivery in that area . Are you kidding me !!!! 2 weeks went by and finally they sent a truck ... that had no liftgate . Another week went by and a truck arrived . I had already put the saw back on the skid and bolted it down . I had the saw disassembled and neatly stacked everything together and secured it as best as I could . I had long since tossed all the shipping materials . The ABS driver was not happy and said he could not take it . He was afraid of damage to the saw . I explained that the saw blew-up and caught fire , causing the saw to be a total loss . He did not care . It had to be crated . I told him no way ... call your boss . He did and his boss told him that he forgot to mention that Amazon paid ABS to package the saw as well as transport it . Bye bye.Now I am back to square 1 . I told myself to stop playing around and ignore what a lot of people write in these reviews . Do not settle for a good value or `` adequate '' equipment , I told myself . Delta makes good stuff , do n't get me wrong . I love my Delta jointer . But I wanted to buy a saw that my grandkids could have . A 50 year piece of equipment . There was only one clear choice . My Father always bought the best stuff . Now I know why . Good equipment costs money . I spent what I needed to spend to get a quality , American made table saw that would last me my whole life . I bought the Powermatic 66 . It arrived today . A 50 year table saw . Enough said .
 While this is an alright deal on a saw it is not the UNISAW version , but the Canadian version and parts are not interchangeable . Also be careful of the mobile base u buy as the 1 the claim for it doesnt fit , had to return 1 and order different version . Bottom line either buy the Unisaw model or a Jet JTAS model , u will be happier ...
 The large knife came dull and does n't want to hold an edge . I tossed it ... somewhere and have n't looked at it for a while.The small one is n't bad , but it also came quite dull . $ 40 -LRB- current price -RRB- is way too much to spend on the set . The only redeeming feature is that it goes on sale for much less sometimes .
 Where to start here ... ? - Blade and `` mystery steel '' materialFirst , let 's address the `` surgical stainless steel '' that most Gerber knives are made of . I have had these two knives for several years , and they have been the worst Gerber knives I have ever owned . So bad , in fact , that I will never purchase another from this company . After trying extensively to get a steel grade from Gerber , all I have been left with is `` surgical stainless '' from the package . A message board said it 's 7cr17mov which is either wrong , or a TERRIBLE steel choice for Gerber . You ca n't put a razor edge on either knife , and they will not hold ANY edge for very long under any circumstance . This mystery steel needs to be VASTLY improved.-The handleThe frame lock is what sold me on these knives . I thought that a frame lock would give me the most support and durability from a folder . Oh , was I ever wrong . These knives have collapsed on me on more than one occasion and caused me to cut my fingers . The larger one will , now , no longer lock into place unless you FORCEFULLY SLAM it open with a full arm swing . Even then , any little bump on the spine of the blade will make it collapse . Please note that I have never used these knives for anything other than EDC use , and the frame lock is still failing.-The pocket clipThis clip does what it is designed to do ... sometimes . It can not be moved to a different position on the knife , nor can it be removed . The bolt that holds the blade in place -LRB- pivot point -RRB- is run through the clip , and removal of this clip causes the bold to become too long . The pocket clip is in the way so that the `` ambidextrous '' thumb studs are only accessible on the right handed side . If you 're going to try to open it with your left hand , it 's not impossible , but you 're better off using two hands.Also , the clip can damage your pocket . Because of the combination frame lock and skeletonized body of the knife , the pocket clip rests on a part of the frame that does n't fully connect with anything . This means that , when placing onto a pocket , you can run the pocket behind the frame and into the blade . It has happened to me a few times -LRB- when I was n't paying STRICT attention to how it was clipping to my pocket -RRB- and it damaged my pants.-ConclusionLike my title says , neither of these are knives I would ever even consider purchasing again . Terrible -LSB- unknown -RSB- steel , bad designs , and terrible construction have turned me off of Gerber forever . That being said , the larger Paraframe as a `` beater '' EDC can be useful . Something to camp with , dig dirt , and destroy is all this is good for . Save your good knives and dig up rocks with this one , just be careful of the shoddy frame lock and be aware of the dull edge it keeps . I will never recommend this knife to anyone .
 I 've had the larger of the paraframes for about 3 years now.When I first got it , it was nearly impossible to open one handed . I had to take it apart and grind the BB off of the handle to actually make it one had useable.Next thing I noticed was that it dulled quickly with repeated use , and the more often it was sharpened , the more rapidly it would dull.About 6 months in the pocket clip fell off.About 8 months in the knife closed on my hand . Where the frame lock contacts the back of the open blade had worn enough that the lock would slide just by applying `` closing '' pressure to the blade.I sent it back to Gerber with the original receipt , and they sent it back to me saying it was equipment abuse on my part -LRB- no idea how they came up with that , I think they just do n't want to admit they have a poor lock mechanism . -RRB- It 's to the point that all it is is a truck knife . Even after a professional sharpening , it 's dull as a butter knife in 2-3 uses.I replaced it with the knife I bought the paraframe to replace , a CRKT M16-03Z . Twice the knife at the same price ; I wish I never would have lost the first one .
 Blades come without even a decent edge and then refuse to take an edge . Machining -LRB- ?!? -RRB- of the Mini is so poor that engaging of the locking function is darn near impossible . Buy these knives only for someone you expect to get into a knife fight with in the future . You safety and success are certain .
 I have the larger of the two knives , which I bought to use as an everyday type tool to have in the pocket , smaller than my Buck 110 , and larger than a penknife . The knife worked well for a while , then the screws started to fall out of the handle . If I had been able to find the little buggers , a little loc tite would have fixed the issue ... but who knows where they went ... It was a disappointment to see something like this happen on what I believed to be a quality product . I have replaced this knife with one of the folding box cutter types . Nicer on the hand for me , and it has n't fallen apart yet .
 I 'm a pilot and recreational camper looking for a knife suitable for the flight bag as well as survival . The paraframe looked like a good knife online , but in my hand I 'm disgusted with it . Way to heavy on the large knife , and far too small on the small knife . Both are razor sharp but ergonomically would cut into your hand with repeated use.Poor design means no lanyard attachment ability , and the belt clips are ... meh .
 Remember the Water Wiggle toy from the 70s that chased kids around the backyard with a insane spray of water ? In the first week of use the input feed coupling on the side of the box came apart from the box . Plugged the coupling back in , but continues to come out . The problem appears that the design of the coupling is such that it will not handle the pressure if there is a cut-off on the hose . So when I turn off the water when I move from one area to another , the coupling can not handle the pressure and shoots off , spraying water all over the box , patio , furniture ... Looking at the coupling appears it just has a flimsy plastic notch to hold onto the box - very poor design . Returned box for a refund as this appears to be a design defect inherent in all boxes . Too bad , nice concept . Also the Suncast web site has no useful info on products . :--LRB- Sigh , can someone please make a product that does n't come apart under normal use ?
 This hose reel rolls up the garden reel nice but as soon as I shut the water off at the nozzel which pressurizes the hose the main connection on the hose reel pops out and just sprays water over the side of the house . I called Suncast customer support and got voice mail that said it was no longer accepting mesages the mailbox was full . I think I 'll return it and try something else .
 I have owned 3 Suncast hose reels . All of them have failed within 3 years . The problem is a design defect of the rotary coupling . The coupling is made from cheap plastic that is a pressure fit , not a mechanical attachment of any kind . Eventually the rotary coupling fails , spraying water in all directions . I have not been able to find replacement parts .
 As with all of these plastic reels , the fitting that is on the reel that the primary hose feeds into splits and sprays water out constantly unless the valve is shut off.The reel pulls in the hose very evenly and effectively . Its also pretty easy.The other problem is that unless you fasten it to something or put heavy rocks on top , it will likely just fall over when you 're pulling your hose out.This would be a 10 if the parts that mattered were metal and did n't break , and if it did n't fall over when you pulled your hose .
 Like every other cheap plastic hose caddy I 've owned in the past , this one leaked . Plastic hose fitting threads are doomed to leak sooner or later . I 'm done wasting my money on them . Time to look for a more expensive , better-working brand .
 I bought this box about 8 months ago and it worked fine for most of that time . The box does tip over sometimes when your pulling the hose out and you get 1/2 the hose out . The box also has to sit perfectly level or the plastic twists and the lid wo n't close tightly . Also , the wind up reel and automatic winder sometimes get out of sync , which causes you to move the spindle to a place where the unit will work properly again . The worst thing about this box is that the spindle the hose wraps around is made of plastic and will break , as mine did , rendering the box useless . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , down the drain ! Get a metal hose winder or a more sturdy one than this piece of junk !
 The SMT200B was purchased in 2008 . It is now junk . The plastic spindle at the crank end disintegrated while reeling in the hose . The unit had been meticulously kept , emptied of all water and stored in a shed out of the weather during the winter . I could not find any warranty information about this reel with the paper work that I kept . The loss of $ 45 will not be repeated on another Suncast hose reel . Check for warranty information before you buy .
 When a company abandons the customer support department it is a clear indication that this company is on a downward slide and is headed for failure . Suncast produced a good product in the past , what a shame !
 I am very disappointment with my purchase . It is big and heavy and does not always stay in place when you pull the hose . You actually have to manually turn the hose handle to get the hose out . It does not prevent kinks in the hose . Also , you have to buy a o-ring to prevent it from leeking at the water source . I 'm only giving it two stars because it does keep the hose contained which was my main objective . This is the kind of product I suggest buying at a store so you can see it 's size first .
 I found most of the problems other reviewers noted -LRB- e.g. tipping over , hose not tracking , etc. -RRB- Now the hose wo n't even roll up because the mechanism gears do n't appear to be aligned . I 've used it very little -LRB- probably less than 8 times -RRB- before it failed . Save your money and buy something that is a better design .
 It was a good for about a month then the hose dessert starting getting stuck ... After 3 months the wheel hinges broke inside the unit and it became useless . Barely used this thing , maybe 15 times ... It was my second and last Suncast product . Stay away , these people make junk !
 Ca n't stand this thing -- it tips over if you pull the hose out over half way and the lid flys off even with the slightest breeze . It also seems to attract flies . Not worth the money
 First time i tried to use the reel , as soon as I turned on the water at the faucet , the inlet blew off and sprayed water everywhere . This is the third suncast product I have purchased and they are all terrible . I will be returnig and purchasing a new product made by any other manufacturer .
 For the 2 months I used it last summer , it worked great . I hooked it up this summer and the part where the feed hose connects to the box popped off . I tried to call Suncast and got a very nice recording from their consumer help line saying to leave a message and they 'd call me back only for it to be followed up with message that the inbox is full and they can not take my message . Next time , I 'm buying a metal one , not plastic .
 This product uses plastic hose connector couplings when it should be using brass . Heavy duty hose will not stay connected and will ruin the the cheap plastic threads .
 I agree with L Courtney , the hose reel box is a great concept but the ` flimsy ' plastic notch on the coupling will break and render the whole box useless . I recently bought a house and the prior homeowner left behind Suncast Hose Reel box.The first use , I turned on the water , nothing happened ... so I leaned up close to ` inspect ' at the exact moment the side hose disengaged and shot water in my face , soaked my hair and clothes , the deck and anything within a 8-10 ' range . Sad thing here is that I thought it must have been an operator error and the plastic coupling had not been pushed in all the way ... so I tried again . I sloshed back to the hose . I 'm rethinking the ` gift ' from the prior homeowner.Thanks to L.C. for the Water Wiggle memory ... did n't it have an upside-down yellow cup with a face ?
 Yes , this hides your hose ... but that is all it does . When winding up the hose , it often gets `` snagged '' in the mechanism on the outside of the spool inside the box . Just spent 20 minutes trying to unwind a hose that got caught there . Also , this really is n't very sturdy . You need to stabilize it in some way in order to wind up in the first place ... the light plastic just is n't strong enough to wind up a rubber hose on it 's own . Good idea . Terrible execution .
 I have had two of these now . They last about a year or two , then break . On the first one , the crank handle broke off . On the second one , the reel broke in the middle . No more for me .
 I have owned three of these hose carts and two have fallen apart within a year . I have just purchased the Jackson 2517100 all metal unit and it is rock solid and runs like a charm . Costs more but I anticipate it will be with me for many years.Jackson 2517100 Decorative Metal Deck Hose Reel With 150-Foot Hose Capacity
 The electronic timer with battery back up concept is ideal . If only the product/timer continued to perform . It is Sep 2012 . We ordered these timers Nov 2011 . One by one now , they are failing . From not working at all to working as long as they are plugged to a wall outlet , the timers are failing . Do not buy these ! They WILL fail .
 Failed after 2 months . This is the second time I had one fail . First time I thought is was me , now I know . Going back to the old time .
 I returned the first because it would n't hold the programing . It seemd to have a short in the system . The second is showing the same problems .
 This timer worked well enough , but not long enough ... only three months . There seems to be a radical planned obsolescence in digital timers that dictates these things do n't last more than a year at most . With all the incredible technology we have these days it 's baffling there are n't well-built , durable digital timers on the market . Maybe they 're out there somewhere ... anyway , this is n't one of them .
 When the batteries die the unit stops working and the screen goes blank even though the unit is still receiving power from the wall outlet . There is no indication of the batteries charge status so the failure can occur at any time without any warning as the unit is not actually charging the batteries . One would think that since the unit is plugged into a wall outlet that the batteries would only come into use when the power failed in the house and not affect it 's operation if the house power was still on , but it does n't work that way.Of the three units I ordered one never worked and one required new batteries right away .
 I was really looking forward to using this product , however , I had to return it . The led readout was difficult to read , so it was impossible to set the timer . The problem was that the numbers all had shadows - every number looked like it could be 2 or 3 other numbers . I tried new batteries , used the reset , held it at all different angles and numbers were still unclear . This may have been a defective unit . I did not order a replacement . Still looking for another brand of digital timer .
 From the day I received this timer , I had difficulty with it . Originally , I thought it sounded like a great product and easy to read . Yes it is easy to read . However I had great difficulty programming the timer . At first , I thought I was doing it incorrectly . But , what worked one time , did n't work the next time using the the same procedure and instructions.I would never buy this product again nor reccomend it to my friends . I even hesitate to buy anything similar , especially if made by Sylvania . Now I have it over two , possibly 3 years and it had stopped working 6 months ago .
 Bought two of these timers thinking that they might be easier to use than the ones with levers . They are not -- we have yet to be able to get one to work properly . I am computer literate -LRB- have been using them since 1986 -RRB- and my husband is a retired general contractor who could build houses , swimming pools , buildings , etc. . This timer has brought us nothing but trouble . If you are a programming genius , perhaps it will work for you !
 I used this timer for 9 months and was very happy with it . Then , upon returning from a vacation , found that it had n't been working while I was gone . The display was messed up and I could n't get it operating again for more than a day . I need a timer that I can rely on when traveling . This one is going in the trash .
 2 of the three ordered either did not work out of the box or stopped working soon after being plugged in . nice features on the one that did work but poorly made .
 Do n't rely on getting batteries with your timer -LRB- s -RRB- . I ordered 3 , but only 2 came with the promised batteries . Also , the lifetime warrenty is n't worth much -- you 'll pay as much in postage each way to cover the cost of a new unit . This is definitely a case where buying local would have been better -- I could have taken a timer back to a real store for replacement by a timer with batteries .
 Like a fool I bought 6 SA-130 timers . I did n't need to use all of them at once so I put two into service and held on to the other four . When it came time to install the batteries and program the other four units only one worked . The other three are dead as a doornail . Upon installing the battery pack the display would come to life a a second or two then gradually fade out to a blank screen . I tried other CR2032 batteries -LRB- Duracells -RRB- that I 'd bought for another application with the same result . Also , the battery holders do n't seem to want to make a positive contact , i.e. they do n't `` snap '' into place so that you feel good that they are in the proper possition . I did put the 3 Volt 2032s in a battery tester . The batteries that came with the units were weak whereas the Duracells sent the tester needle off scale `` good '' But it did not make any difference to the functioning of any of the timers even when I tried switching battery packs in each of the timers . I have an SA-140 and that has had zero problems . The SA-140 is a more capable unit in that you can set a day , date and time so that you can use the `` Sunset '' function by telling the unit your telephone area code so it will `` know '' when sunset is for your part of the USA . But as the season changes you have to adjust the duration after sunset . Otherwise , the lights will be on for a longer time than required . I need that function to keep the American flag illuminate during the might.Does anybody know how I can get redress from Amazon on this ? I do n't have the purchase documentation any more.dogwood2@centurytel.net
 I wasted a couple of hours of my life trying to get it to work . When I plugged it in it always went back to 12:00 . I 'm going back to a mechanical timer .
 The tile on this product is &#34; CH Hanson 02001 Pro-Sharp TM Finishing Pencil Carpenter &#34; which implies you can use with a carpenter pencil . The hole on the sharpener is too small for a carpenter pencil . I bought the plastic pencil sharpener for carpenter pencils and it did not take long to sharpen the pencil .
 I saw this product featured on the CBS Early Show & it looked cool . I bought one for myself & one for my boyfriend 's house to save energy on our computers.Great idea - but it has n't worked well for me so far . Whenever I plus my laptop into the Master outlet , it clicks on/off/on / off/on/off endlessly until I turn the whole thing off . Grr.I DO love the idea of the master outlet controlling power to the peripherals , but I hope this product makes improvements .
 No matter the adjustments I made , it would turn on and off over and over when iMac went to ` sleep ' . I gave it two weeks and constant fiddling , but I have given up . Two stars for layout and the unit has a good heft to it . Unit feels substantial and has a nice long cord with a flat to the wall plug . It just would n't work with my already power-conscientious iMac .
 This this did not work good for me and I do n't like it . Not so smart !
 I like the arrangement and number of the outlets . That 's why I gave it 2 stars.The outlets , ALL OF THEM are functionins simply as OUTLETS.The ones that are SUPPOSED TO TURN OFF , DOES N'T !!!! It 's smart alright , from a marketing view point to sell these.But not so SMART to buy one .
 I wanted a strip that would work off my of my Preamp to turn my audio system on and off.My preamp did n't draw enough amperage to trigger it no matter how it was adjusted and it introduced a very slight hum in my amp / speakers . My setup is better than average but this strip was not up to the task.As a note I have used one of these in my theatre for years without issue .
 I really wanted to like this product . It is a great idea and the design is almost perfect . The major problem with the design is a single $ 0.20 trimmer pot -LRB- variable resistor -RRB- that is used to set when your device is ON versus OFF . It is VERY hard to set . My computer in Sleep mode consumes 50W and in normal ON mode consumes 100W . Tuning the strip to recognize the difference between the two power states required about 1/10 of a degree turn - hard to do . What is worse is that even after I got it working once , temperature variation in the circuit would cause it to stop working the next day . For many applications -LRB- for example , computer hibernate = 5W , vs ON = 100W -RRB- this device works just fine . I ca n't recommend it for computer Standby however . If they would improve the circuit with a multi-turn pot , it would probably work great . I might try this myself after the warranty period is over . Should have been a great `` Green '' product , sigh ...
 Buying A Smart Strip I thought it was a good way to be green and protect my home theater system . But While Sitting in our family room with our home theater system off , Fully connected to the Smart Strip . A storm came through , a nearby lightning strike and there was a pop in our receiver . Our circuit breaker was blown and the receiver was blown . I spoke with Blitz LTD -LRB- Blitz Ltd owns the company of the Smart Strip -RRB- and was told to send the receiver out for a repair estimate and they would be put in a claim for me with the company . The repair company stated the damage to the receiver was due to a power surge , and Blitz Ltd denied the claim saying they had NO PROOF the receiver was connected to the strip . If they paid claims related to power surges they would be out of business . Meanwhile their packaging states clearly $ 30,000 . connected equipment warranty protection . So I dont have confidence in this product .
 Great write-up on the product , so I bought one . Plugged it in as instructed . Worked great the first time I turned the computer on and off . It has n't worked since . Have tried the full range of sensitivity settings to no avail . Do n't waste your money .
 I really wanted to like this product . It is a great idea and the design is good . I 've been using it for about one year now.It worked for about a month then stopped working . Should have been a great `` Green '' product.I 'm using it with my desktop computer . Even from the beginning , it did not work properly when the computer entered suspend or hibernate mode . After about a month , it also stopped working when the computer shut off . No matter how I adjust the the sensitivity , it does not work properly when the computer shuts off .
 I bought this about a year ago and it worked well until my apartment building had an actual power surge -- then , not so well.In my apartment , ever electric item that was plugged in and NOT on a powersurge protector was completely fried . My computer equipment , which was on a regular $ 8 surge protector was fine -LRB- although the surge protector was destroyed -RRB- . Now , my TV equipment -LRB- Wii , stereo , playstation , etc -RRB- was not as good and this was on the Smart Strip . Although all appliances were off at the time of the surge , but television still made a popping sound and started to smoke . It is burned out . Most of the other appliances seem okay , but it is hard to check them when your apartment is being rewired and I do n't have a TV to check it all . They all turn on , but the DVD player seems to overheat quickly.If you want to be eco-friendly and save energy , buy a regular powerstrip and just turn it off when you are n't using it . At least you wo n't have to put all your equipment in a landfill when your electricity has a freak problem !
 I had high hopes after reading the reviews , but sadly the negative reviewers were rightas my Onkyo TX-nr509 does n't trigger the on-off action as expected.I gently turn the tuning screw up to where the unit on , but then the unit never turns offafter the Onkyo is turned off . Conversly , if I slightly turn the screw till the unitis off and turn on the Onkyo the unit does not turn on.If the price was n't so high I 'd have kept this unit as a regular power strip .
 This is junk . The entire lamp is cheaply made and flimsy . Move it and the whole thing wobbles . The base is n't half as sturdy as it needs to be , and I do own a number of wheeled items that do work well . Do n't be under any illusions that this is medical-grade . It is n't even close . I would n't buy this lamp at $ 10 .
 When I first received the order , I thought I had gotten the part I was looking for because the part `` appeared '' correct . But when I went to put it on a piece of 6 inch schedule 40 DWV PVC , it did n't fit.Too small . Bottom line , there 's not enough information in the description . Maybe actual inside diameter dimension would be helpful .
 I did not realize what I was purchasing when I did . I did not take the time to read what the item was . So I made a huge mistake .
 This was the second nail gun I bought . I first bought the Bostich hand held model that shoots a 1 inch staple but the Anderson engineered flooring required a minimum of a 1 1/4 inch or the warranty was null and void . I bought the B&C Eagle FS-50 because they said it would install 1/2 inch material and it shot a 1 1/2 inch staple ; but when I opened the box there was a note stating that `` this model was not designed to install pre-finished flooring '' . It stated that if you took the proper precautions you could install pre-finished flooring but I had no idea what the proper precautions were ; so I contacted the manufacture , these are the people who sell directly to Amazon , and they told me that they would n't use it on pre-finished flooring because it might break the fragile tongs of the 1/2 inch material as well a mar the finish when you hammer to set the staple . While talking to the manufacture they told me , as well as sold me , a hand held GREX staple gun that shots a 1 1/4 inch staple . -LRB- the reason that the GREX did n't show up on Amazon is because this company does n't sell this brand ; they just had one on hand that they were able to sell me . You can find them on the net . Also , if you are using a gun that only shots a 1 inch staple , I read that you can get away with the one inch if you shoot into plywood as an underlayment ; for me that would have cost another 250 bucks and a lot more work . I returned both guns and was forced to pay return shipping even though the advertising was a little a skew ; certanily on this B&C EAGLE FS-50 model . - BE ADVISED -
 I bought three of these in August so that I could install them while the weather was still warm but it did n't get cold enough to think about until the past few weeks . Now that its below freezing for several weeks , I am greatly disappointed . Of course , the return period has expired and I am left holding the bag . Of the three , two definitely do not work and I can not access the third easily until it gets warmer . The two failures show the power light on when the temperature drops and they go off when brought inside to higher temperatures . Neither gets warm at all - ever . I left them plugged in overnight with the business end sitting on snow and the thermostat on ice with the temperature in the teens . In the morning , they were exactly as I left them with no melting whatsoever . Pressing the `` test '' button causes no heating either but the light goes on . I recommend that Amazon stop selling this product because it is not functional and yet is commonly purchased for critical heating of exterior pipes . If it does n't heat , it is little more than a 9 ' dog leash . I would not buy any products made by this company .
 Bought this for our son to use on his sprinkler pipes . He called to check with the company about using it outdoors with insulation covering it . They said that it is not intended for outdoor use . Just so you know that before purchasing .
 I ordered this to keep the pipes on our external water heater from freezing . We live in Dallas , so it normally is n't an issue , but this winter has been extra cold . Got it in three days ago and installed it right away . For the last two days , the pipes have been frozen in the morning . We 've had to thaw them out with a space heater . I 'll be looking for a full refund .
 Probably my fault but I was mislead by the photo of multiple pieces of wood and the use of the plural description of &#34; 1 ' by 1 ' squares . &#34; Only one piece of plywood was sent which , when compared to a sheet of plywood makes this prohibitively expensive . Very disappointed .
 Hi , I am writing this review with the hope of saving some poor sap the headaches and frustration I have been through with this connector.Review Summary : The Watts Floodsafe is a product that works really really well , too well for it 's own good.Product used : Watts Floodsafe 3/8 in . OD x 7/8 in . Ballcock x 20 in.I installed a new toilet at the house . To install a toilet you need a water supply line . Browsing my local big box hardware store , they had several styles of supply lines . For some reason , I decided the `` flood protection '' offered was worth the extra $ 1.50 / per.The product installed fine , no leaks . Then no water . Hmm . Ok , disconnect -LRB- resets the inline valve -RRB- , reconnect . Open the water slowly ... . water flow ! Allright . Flush the toilet , hmm , not refilling . Ok , turn off the water , disconnect the `` Floodsafe '' , re connect the Floodsafe , turn on the water . Toilet refilling ! Flush . Toilet not refilling . . Hmm ... Yep , Floodsafe works again!I went through this about 4 times then thought it had finally broken itself in and would work correctly . Nope , after about 5 flushes it opened up again . I think you know the drill by this time , Turn off the water , disconnect the Floodsafe . Go to the internet , write a nasty review!Save yourself money . Save yourself major headaches . Do NOT buy this product . I 'm headed back to the hardware store to get the regular stainless braided hose I should have gotten in the first place .
 I bought 2 of these at my local Home Depot when I needed to replace a solid pipe connection to a toilet . After hooking it up by following instructions , I turned the water valve on Very Slowly , according to the instructions . BAM - Floodsafe mechanism trips , shutting off the flow of water completely . To reset it , you have to disconnect at the shut off valve , then reconnect , then turn on water again . Slowly I turned , millimeter by millimeter , then BAM - mechanism trips again , could n't even get the valve to open 1/2 turn . OK , I thought , maybe this one is bad , I 'll try the other one , which I did . Guess what happened when I turned the water on again - you get three guesses , and the first two are BAM and BAM ... Anyway , tomorrow these go back to Home Depot , hopefully they have some braided connection hoses that are n't made by Watts Floodsafe . Avoid this product at all costs , and based on what I saw in reviews of this same brand in washers and dishwashers , do n't bother with trying them for any type of connection . Unless maybe you want to hook one up to something that you do n't ever want water to come out of , it would be perfect for that ...
 I also bought a couple of these at Home Depot to replace the PVC supply lines to the toilets from the water supply.Everything 's been fine for the last 4 months or so , until today for some inexplicable reason I found one toilet would no longer refill . Now the FloodSafe mechanism appears to trip if the water pressure goes up past about 2 and 1/4 turns of the water supply knob.I did n't have to disconnect to reset , I just turned the knob until the supply was completely off , then turned it on gradually as the toilet was filling until the mechanism tripped . It still works , sure , but the toilet fills at about 1/4 its previous rate , which is not a huge deal but would be truly impractical in a home with kids for example with lots more bathroom traffic than I have .
 There 's to many problems with these . They are a very substandard . Depending on how close your toilet is and how much pressure that line has will create problems . Also these are not friendly with the Fluidmaster fill valves which seem to be the most popular fill valves . To be honest how likely is your line actually going to break to cause a full force flow for this to even kick in . My advice is stick to a basic mesh line and check your system yearly for leaks/wear and tear . . etc. . . etc. . Also check your water meter for any leaks . I have these on the faucets and have n't had any problem with those ones but again what are the chances that these would ever actually be necessary .
 I got this to replace washers in my shower . The socket that should have worked for the deeper nut would not fit . All five of the sockets are mis-manufactured ! The openings are concave inward . Do n't buy this or anything else from this suppler .
 The first battery I received would not take a charge and the replacement lasted about a month before it would not take a charge . I believe that the batteries are beyond their shelf life and can not recommend them . However , I will say that I received prompt , courteous service and a full refund with respect to the product problems .
 I bought this alarm a couple years back and it worked fine , until now . We were eating dinner and bam , the alarm goes off . No big deal , maybe we burned some toast . I take it off , and later that night it goes off again . I bring another detector to see if there really is smoke , nothing . Now it goes off no matter where I am , just seconds after I install the battery . The thing is worthless , and all it did was hang on the wall for 2 years . I would NOT buy this again .
 Didn ; t fit on a 12 ' Dewalt compound unless you ground down the spacer , and used a thin curf blade . Did all that and then the laser quit working after the first day . A waste of money !
 I have not had chance to tried but seems 95 percent does not apply Bosch 12 '' and Bosch 14 '' Miter Saw . Check the fitting before you purchase .
 I bought this for My Dewalt 12 '' compound miter saw . I thought it would be nice to add the laser to it.It is very easy to install , it just replaces the outside blade washer . There are no adjustments and the unit dose n't fit exactly like the orgininal washer , the shape of the `` flats '' on the Avenger are not the same -LRB- it is universal for many saws -RRB- . You have to start the saw to activate the laser -LRB- turns on at 500 rpm -RRB- . The problem is it will cut about a 1/32 '' off the laser line . It should cut right on the edge of the line or the center of the line . So you have to estimate where the cut will be.Your better off with the saw off , bringing the blade down to your piece of work to see where the cut is . Or with the blade running sight down the blade.The saftey feature of the laser should be to line up the cut with the blade not spinning , thats not the case with the Avenger . The blade must spin to activate .
 The `` quick snap '' connector for the side sprayer is ridiculously cheesy . Leaked like a sieve until I added 2 additional o-rings . Customer service and support was an exercise in aggravation . I eventually replaced it with a Moen faucet that looks almost identical . The Moen is superior in all respects .
 Just finished replacing this god awful leaky mess of a faucet . The handle and spout was never smooth operating and after two years snapped from the deck . The installation was overly complicated.After two failed Delta single-handle kitchen faucets we went with a two handle faucet . A BayPointe model # 623734 . The Baypointe was an easy install and operates smoothly SO FAR -LRB- installed april 28 , 07 -RRB- . Time will tell . It 's made in China by a chinese company . Finding American made products , unfortunately , is getting to be tough.My parents bought a Delta for their bathroom and in under a years time the chrome finish has turned a blotchy white . Ugly.My Moen is 30 yrs old and shiny as new . Never buy delta.I 'm currantly looking for a bathroom sink faucet where the aerator is 6 to 7 inches above the deck . So I can wash my hair under it .
 The first time I used this sander the dust bag clip broke . It continued to stay attached so I continued to use it . Yesterday it finally broke off completely . I called Makita ... they require you to send the entire tool to them for warranty repairs . This is not only costly but requires me to buy another sander to use in the meantime . They were willing to sell me a new bag though ... stay away from Makita ... Porter Cable and Dewalt are much more consumer friendly .
 I am completely amazed to read all the comments on damaged product . Mine was damaged as well . The main dust port was bent . I managed to straighten it out enough to use it . However , that is not my main complaint . As another person indicated `` the bracket that holds the dust bag up had broke '' . Mine broke as well after using the saw one time . Actually , the installation manual shows a strudy bracket held on with 3 bolts . What is shipped on all units I 've seen is a one bolt bracket that quickly reams out the hole it sits in the unit base housing . I saw this same model used in retail woodworking store and noticed that the bracket hole was completed reamed out and the insert was missing . I also had much difficultly attaching the bags and I 'm dreading having to change them . Delta has lost my business because the fit and finish and design of some of their products is just poor . I also have a Delta 14in band saw that I 'm displeased with . So I 'm selling them both and buying another brand . Wake up Delta .
 I have used this dust collector for about a year now . It arrived with no damage , is very quiet and does a good job with the sawdust and chips produced by my planer and jointer . However is does have one major design flaw that will drive you nuts . Hence the two starts instead of four.The waste is collected in a clear plastic bag that is secured to the machine with a metal strap and clamp . Removing the bag , when it is full , is no problem . Just unlock the clamp and the bag will come right off the flange . The fun starts when you try and put it back on.The plastic bag is larger than the metal flange and has no drawstring . You have to fit it around the flange , fold the excess over and hold it while you try and get the metal clamping ring over , or around , the bag and up onto the flange . Lots of luck , you need three hands . I have found the only way that I can do this by myself is to tape the folded portion of the bag and hope that it will hold long enough for me to get the clamp ring installed . Sometimes it does and most of the time is does not . At the moment , instead of the supplied clear plastic bag I use a large , heavy duty garbage bag . This has a drawstring to hold it place while I install the clamp . This works but the downside is that you can not see how full the bag is.I like the dust collector but I need a plan B for replacing the bag . If I can come up with something I will modify this review . AS things stand now , I would suggest that you look at other brands .
 I received the DELTA 50-760 dust collector today via UPS . When I opened the box , the main unit of the dust collector was dented . I continued the assembly to see if the dent would cause an issue . I also noted that the frame of the unit was dented and the grey paint was cracked and peeling due to impact . Then I noticed that the motor housing was smashed in and the blower fan would not turn . I was able to remove the motor housing , hammer out the dents and get the dust collector to work . It is a heavy item , but it should have been packaged and shipped more carefully . If returning it was easy -LRB- and if I did n't need this item immediately -RRB- , I would return the item for an exchange . Hopefully the machine does not experience problems in the future due to the state it arrived.After getting the unit working , it ran quieter than expected and produced good suction . Will update review later after using it for a while .
 apparently alot of people are receiving this product damaged . When I received mine the box and styrofoam was not compromised . but upon inspection intake was damaged to the point it was chipped and dented like it was dropped at the factory . also the motor fan schroud cover had to be removed and beat out with a mallet because it was grinding on the fan creating a screeching noise much like a nails on a chalkboard only times 10 . Overall I was able to still use the product and decided for the price the damage it did have was minor compared to the savings . I almost sent the item back and probably should have since the damage was apparent to the person that packaged it up . Main lesson is someone should label this as discounted factory rejectsSomeone must of bought factory damaged goods and is selling them at a huge discount that is why price is so good !!! Buy at your own risk .
 I have n't had the dust collector long enough to comment on its performance . But , its listed as 120/240 VAC , to run on 240 you need to purchase a different switch from Delta -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . After a discussion with Delta customer service , I was informed this was an option not a standard part , even though its advertised as a 240 machine . So for me , this item is not as advertised , and customer support is poor .
 It gets 1 star because it arrived damaged and unusable . The motor cooling shroud was crushed . Poor packaging . They put plenty of padding over the bag and box containing wheels but none over the motor ! Also , It appears I 'm not the first as it seems to have been returned before . Shame on amazon . Otherwise it seems to be a great unit . I 'll report after its all fixed.Now if I can get a part without going thru the hastle of returning the whole thing . Delta was no help . Now its Amazons turn .
 I 've had this unit for abour 6 months now and am not particularly happy with it . When it works it 's ok , but in the short time I 've had it the bracket that holds the dust bag up had broke , and after getting a replacement on -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- appears to on the verge of breaking again . Also , the dust bag does not seat well in the opening and leaks fine particles of sawdust . Most recently , the motor stalls when I attempt to power it up and it appears the starter needs to be replace . These things are not that complecated and there should be a lot of good ones out there . This just is n't one one them . I 'm going to sell this one and get another brand .
 I have many Delta tools in my shop , but was very disappointed in this one right out of box . First , the drying agent pouch has ripped open and everything was covered with white powder - what a mess . Second , the assembly instructions state that the only tools necessary are a scredriver and a 12mm wrench . The first step is to use a THIN 14mm open-end wrench . How many of Delta 's customers have this tool ? Give me a break - I have a $ 600 Craftsman set and not this tool . I had to buy a needle-nose ViseGrip just to put the casters on . CHEAP ! CHEAP ! CHEAP ! Other instructions show the incorrect piece or are clearly written for a different tool . If the thing was n't so heavy , I would have packed it up and returned it . I do n't even know yet if it sucks sawdust , but I certainly know that Delta sucks .
 Have been running this since November . The arm that holds the bag up snapped off from a cheap chassis and bad weld job after 3 weeks . My welder explained he has re welded 3 of these now because they all do the same thing . I might start using it to collect ping pong balls off the floor but have doubts it can handle it ...
 VERY POOR SUCTION ... SHOP VAC FOR $ 119 FAR SUPERIOR . WHEN CONNECTING TO 2 1/2 FITTTING AT MACHINE SUCTION DROPS FAR BELOW THAT OF SHOP-VAC . HOW DO I KNOW ? HOOKED-UP ONE OF THEM FANCY NEW HOSES THAN ARE 3 ' TO 10 ' LONG . SHOP VAC WILL SUCK IT BACK TO ABOUT 4 ' . THE 50-760 LEAVES IT LAY LIKE A LIMP ROPE ... I 'D RETURN IT , BUT REPACKING IS IMPOSSIBLE , SHIPPING TOO EXPENSIVE ... MAYBE SOME SAP WILL COME TAKE IT OFF MY HANDS .
 This dust collector really gets it done . Ihave been using a shop vac . for quite a while -LSB- have burnt up 2 or 3 over the years -RSB- knowing I could benifit better from a dedicated collector . Am still using hoses but as soon as I finish this project plan to add rigid duct work .
 I read a lot about this item and it appeared that it was really the one to own . So I bought it . It all went together well , until it was time to attach the bag to catch the dust . Total pain , very frustrating . I think this will be the last Detla tool I buy . Sorry , I was I just have no patience for things that are a real pain . Everytime I have to change it , it will be a hassle . Delta you should have made this easy .
 I gave this a 1 star rating to call attention to Delta 's bad decision regarding the switch on this machine . All the advertising copy states this is a 110/220v machine . All other machines that I am familiar with that carry this dual voltage rating are able to operate on either voltage with a slight rewire . Well , not this machine . The 50-760 comes with a single pole switch that can only run 110 volts . If you want to convert to 220 volts , you need to buy a replacement switch from Delta that costs in excess of $ 40 by the time you pay for the switch and shipping . This is highway robbery ! Delta could supply the 220 volt switch as standard on the 50-760 for a few pennies extra at their cost . It is entirely possible to use only one leg of a 220v double pole switch for 110v . If Delta supplied such a switch , then I think the machine could accurately be called 110/220 volt . One could search around Grainger or similar for a switch for far less money , but finding one that fits the opening exactly was going to take more time time than I was willing to spend.Besides the switch debacle , this appears to be a well-built machine .
 As with many others this item arrived damaged . The fan housing was just barely dented in the area where the fan is . However that was enough for the fan to hit the housing making the unit worthless . It was sent back . I have ordered a replacement and will update when it arrives.While this is a shipping problem , it is also a Delta quality control problem . The box has the least amount of package protection -LRB- Styrofoam -RRB- around the heaviest part of the assembly . That almost assures that a large percentage of the units will be damaged in shipping as the reviews indicate.I would suggest you unpack the box , then turn on the unit before you do any assembly.The only reason I am reordering this one rather than the Steel City -LRB- cheaper -RRB- is that I have a small workshop and this model has enough space in the cart for a accessory 20 gallon collector can in the footprint of the unit . That and the switch is at a reasonable height rather than close to the floor . I will report again if I can get an undamaged one .
 Price was right and actually arrived before due date . Motor had damage that was not caused by shipping -LRB- Styrofoam was pristene -RRB- and unit was completely unusable . Amazon is shipping out a replacement , but with so many reviews complaining about damaged units , They need to communicate with Delta regarding this issue .
 Collector arrived with damage to the motor shroud , scratches and dents were also in evidence elsewhere on the unit . The collector was advertised as new but I believe this one was returned by some other dissatisfied customer . Assembled the collector with dust intake on the bottom motor on top , motor had a noticeable clunk when stopping . Reassembled with dust intake on the top and motor on the bottom . Unit would not start and blew the circuit breaker . Delta has advised I take unit to service center - fortunately there is one nearby - hassle I should not have to have . New Product ? Forced to give 1 star .
 I just purchased a Delta 50-760 Dust Collector . The box looked fine but when I opened it I discovered the fan housing was bent in , preventing the fan from operating . I banged it out with a hammer so it would work . There was more damage to the machine but it does n't interfere with the operation . When I called Delta I was advised it was n't their problem and that I should take it up with the shipping company . I wo n't be buying any more Delta equipment and I hope losing a customer was worth the $ 5 part they could have sent me .
 This is the second Delta 50-760 I ordered . The first one would not run ! I returned it and ordered the second one which was damaged in shipment ! The box was n't damaged much at all but the motor cover end cap was dented in against the cooling fan and I had to remove the cover from the motor and hammer it out so it would not rub the cooling fan . The main impeller housing was also bent but did not cause any problems other than the paint peeling off next to the bent area on both the top and bottom of the housing . I would have thought Delta would have beef up the packaging by now to keep these damage problems from happening . Not very happy with Delta and their poor quality control and packaging problems . Other than that the unit seems to work as it should now . I am happy to say Amazon took care of returning the first unit so purchasing from Amazon is a good thing in case you do have problems . Their customer service was really good .
 I ordered this having first read others ' reviews . A few had mentioned dents/etc right out of the box , with no damage to box or styrofoam . I fall into this category . The motor fan cover was dented to the point where the motor would not spin freely . The metal dust shroud also had a dent ... but the box was perfect . It had to have happened at the factory . I took off the fan shroud and repaired it . I must say that it was shipped incredibly fast , reasonable to assemble , and really moves some air . It is a bit louder than I expected . I expect more from a new product , but as long as nothing else goes wrong - I think it will be OK .
 This tool as it comes proves the adage , `` You get what you pay for '' . It is made in India , and though the brass seems ok , everything else about the quality is lacking . I should have taken D. Dimas 's review more literally ; unless , like D. Dimas , you are prepared to put a lot of time into making this `` precision '' measuring device precise , skip it .
 The Kohler Avatar faucet looks good , but does n't live up to its promised performance or the price we paid for it . We needed a spray head replacement kit within the first 18 months , and after another 2 years -LRB- of light use , mind you -RRB- , it needed more replacement parts for the stem controls which govern the workings of the internal water flow column . This latest fault caused constant leaking down the stem all over the granite countertop behind the sink -LRB- and of course , it also leaked all over below the sink , too -RRB- . I will never buy another Kohler product . For the nearly $ 400 we paid for this unit , I would have expected 20 years of flawless function aside from an occasional change of a spray head gasket or filter screen . Kohler FAIL .
 This product showed up on the outside estimate of arrival and not only that came damaged . I was on a time line with a remodel in the kitchen and had my heart set on this faucet . the dent looked so good I thought it was a part of the design , however the retractable hand held gooseneck part would not fit in the neck . I had to settle for a delta at half the price and none of the `` bold '' look . bummer !
 This cord is a fire hazard ! My son just knocked over our shredder which forcefully unplugged it from this particular extension cord . Not a big deal but what happened was that the cord 's end piece broke apart , exposing the naked contacts which subsequently caused a small firework of sparks behind my cabinet . Thanks goodness it did n't start a fire ! Goes right in the trash . Do n't buy this junk !
 Hello , I was a student at LCTI for carpentryWhen our class got this package in , we had put this base molding along the bottom 90 degree joint where the floor and walls meet in the newly built closet that had been sheetrocked and spackled then painted . Before we started my class , I , and my teacher figured this would be a faulty product , because the present base molding was cut in 4 foot sections . Well wouldnt you know it the darn stuff dont stick where and when it 's suppose to .
 Cheap product and you get pay for easy to use but vary thin that is why its easy to work with put after I was done it looked bad and wo n't use this co again
 Very odd . Standard roller cover does not fit on the frame . The frame is about 1/4 inch longer than standard roller cover . Paint drips everywhere .
 Be careful when ordering . Shepherd Pets is selling a different item and has changed the picture . You can tell by the picture with the Shepherd Pets on top of it . This is not the 6620 with the curved handle . Be sure to confirm prior to ordering . The 08609 has a plastic release lever attached that will pick up and drip excess paint during jobs . I would not recommend that model . Beware of seller Shepherd Pets , the item that he is selling is not the 6620 .
 The gloves were quality gloves . I order these gloves for the men at the church I attend . A couple of the gloves would not fasten . Also some of gloves burst between the thumb and pointer finger . They did not fit like shown in the picture . They were not happy . So now I have to try and find them some better gloves . I was disappointed .
 As soon as I opened the box I knew things were not good . The factory packaging was inadequate to protect the pump , but the worst part is that the oil fill plug installed by the factory was cross-threaded and loose resulting in a serious oil leak that saturated the box and instruction manual . A call to the factory resulted in returning the pump to Amazon ; the factory rep told me that the pump was tested prior to ship , but that because of the loose oil fill plug the pump likely had water in the motor housing . Poor factory QC - Shame on Zoeller.As for the Amazon packaging - another example of poor packaging for heavy items . The factory boxed pump shucked around in the Amazon box because of inadequate box filler . This is a problem that Amazon can not grasp - it 's a mystery to me - after all it 's not rocket science .
 Yeah , I got this thing a little over a year ago and I have had several problems with it . The biggest problem has been the unreliable float switch . Sure , it will work well MOST of the time , but MOST of the time is not acceptable for a sump pump . You need it to work ALL the time . Mine frequently gets stuck , causing it to stay on for hours when I 'm not at home or when I 'm asleep at night . I 'm very disappointed with this product.BTW : I did not purchase this pump through Amazon .
 We moved into our newly built house in 2004 . The sump had a Zoeller submersible and every thing worked fine for about 3 years until the switch went . The pump became noisy and when I checked it noticed that it was not shutting off . Lucklily the default is to always run so that water would continue to be pumped out -LRB- however if the sump was dry I would worry about overheating and maybe start a fire ! -RRB- To make a long story short the Zoeller was replaced with another Zoeller that lasted less than a year and had the same problem as the original - the switch went and the pump would never shut off . Zoeller pumps have a one year guarantee so it was replaced free with a heavier duty one . As of this week that one failed at the switch just like the other two . This time 18 months and out of warranty . I emailed Zoeller of my situation and asked them `` as a Made in the USA manufacturer '' to extend my warranty on the last one to ease the problem . They never responded . I have since replaced the sump pump with a Liberty Pedestal sump pump and this heavy duty pump has a 2 year guarantee . The plumbing co. stated that they always recommended Zoeller in the past but are seeing more problems with them and so are moving away from them . I 've read the reviews and it seems that the switch has been a recurring problem in other reviewers comments . Needless to say what would have been 4 Zoeller pumps in 8 years is NOT acceptable and thus am hoping that The Liberty pump I now have fares better . At least they back it with a 2 year warranty .
 Purchased and installed this pump after reading a lot of positive reviews on the internet , and paid quite a bit more than I can get a Rigid or Campbell/Hausefield one for locally at Lowes or Home Depot , figuring that it would last longer to make the extra money worth it . Well , was I wrong ! Thank goodness I was home this afternoon and also purchased a water alarm at the same time . This pump completely failed after just over 6 months of what I would consider pretty `` light '' duty . We do not get much rain . It appears that the switch as failed because I do n't hear the motor even try to run when I lift the switch arm . Based on my experience , I would definitely NOT recommend a Zoeller pump !!!
 Bought this to try and remove two hard to reach nuts on my car . The first time i went to use it the metal bars twisted , one fell out and one snapped in half . this might work for something that is very lightly tightened on . anything that is beyond hand tight this is not what you want to use .
 All the poxy putty stuff -LRB- wood , metal , pipes -RRB- Are ridiculous . the only thing it sticks too is your fingers . the smell is awful and no matter how much soap it doesnt come out for a couple days . i strongly dont recomend it .
 I can only speak of the one I received and used . It looks like an exact duplicate of a 1B1X OEM unit . Has the secondary bowl fill outlet so installs like original . However the unit I used had some issues.The low front facing adjustment screw that the OEM instructions say is to set final bowl water level had no effect whatever . The bowl level was quite low , as the unit came , and no amount of turns in either direction would cause any change.The top seals and cutoff piston look like OEM , but actually an OEM rebuild kit will not work in this unit because the piston extension has a flat side where it goes through a matching hole in the top cover . The most common wear item with the original units is the bottom piston seat , that eventually will not fully cut off water fill . Easy to find OEM type rebuild kits will not fit . Do n't know if this manufacturer offers its own rebuild kit.Finally , there was a design difference with the top of the ballcock assembly . On the OEM unit , the lever attaching to the float rod includes an over the top -LRB- my words -RRB- detent device , where greater force is needed near end of lever travel . This means float is more submerged to provide greater lifting force . Then at the very end of travel , the detent is cleared and the extra float force is used to snap the piston down onto seat , giving a clean water fill cutoff.On the unit I received , there was no such feature , close force of piston simply a function of float ball level . So at the cutoff point , the water flow is mostly off , but still a very small in flow sometimes , until float high enough to fully force piston closed and cutoff water . Often took 10 minutes or so . This is not a true leak , because it is not going down overflow and does indeed stop . But received complaints that had to take cover off and lift float to fully cut it off . That works , giving slight extra force on piston to seat it . But so does waiting 10 minutes for it to finally do so itself . Some might find it irritating . I tried replacing with another new piston from the second unit I had purchased , but not installed . But there was still no clean cutoff much of the time.Even with above issues , the unit does work quite well , and beats having to buy a new toilet . I think original units are available again from manufacturer , but they are extremely high priced.Since primary person using it was not happy with what she thought was a leak , I built a hybrid ballcock , using this one 's bottom assembly , but replacing entire top end with OEM type . The screw holes did match up , but screw size and lengths were different , requiring a little extra thought.Now it gives a clean cutoff and also will accept standard OEM type rebuild kits .
 This product is very cheaply made out of weak plastic . When installing , the plastic that goes inside of rubber hose connection broke . I had to use Crazy Glue to fix it so it would n't leak .
 Product sent was not product that was pictured . Replacement continuously leaks and fails . Poor quality . Unfortunately , waited too long to ask for a refund . Kept thinking I could get it to work . Do n't purchase .
 This was wonderful - I loved the filter , but then the wall charger stopped working . Yes , I can charge batteries in the charger I happen to have for my cordless drill - but that 's not the point . Black and Decker no longer carries replacements , so you are stuck trying to track one down from a service center . The nearest service center is not that near at all -LRB- and I live in a major CA city -RRB- . I tried , without luck . Now that the charger does not work , it is not really that convenient . It is pretty new too .
 My Dustbuster lasted a whole two years , but the last year it would only work for 3-4 minutes before the charge ran out . I found myself running like a maniac to quickly clean up a mess before the battery ran down . It also has low suction , so heavier things like sand do n't get sucked up completely . This is one of several Black & Decker appliances I have been dissappointed with in the last few years . From the product lifespan , to the lack of customer service - they are n't the same company my parents loved . My mother had one of the earliest dustbusters which lasted 10 years , and charged like a champ . Oh well.Instead , I recommend the Euro-Pro shark . I have had one for a while now , and love it . It has a very long cord , it 's lightweight , and it has enough suction to pick up small children and pets ! It cost a little more than the Black & Decker Dustbuster , and outperforms it completely . And if you ca n't rely on your hand vaccuum , then the price is irrelevant .
 I bought the Black and Decker 7.2 V Dustbuster primarily to clean up occasional ashes and bark chips in front of a fireplace and secondarily for picking up bits of dog hair from the carpet . Seems like pretty reasonable tasks for a portable vacuum , right ? Well , the Dustbuster did a fine job for maybe 1 or 2 months before it began its downward slide to oblivion . Then with each additional use , both the duration and the intensity of the suction decreased until there was none and the battery no longer charged at all.Unless you enjoy discarding small power tools after owning them a few months , DO NOT BUY THIS DUSTBUSTER.Upon tossing the Dustbuster in the waste can , I recalled that in my workshop were four portable power hand tools with removable , recharable batteries . So if there are other small power tools that perform quite acceptably with 12 or 18 v batteries , why does n't Porter-Cable or Bosch or DeWalt -LRB- or any of several other reputable power tool manufacturers -RRB- build a reasonably priced , effective portable vacuum?In a catalog I received today , there was an entry for a `` new '' DeWalt multi-volt cordless/corded vacuum . Hurrah !! Here is to the demise and extinction of all small power tools that do not have removable , replaceable , and interchangable batteries .
 Do n't waste your money on this or any other `` dustbuster '' vaccum . This is the 3rd one I 've owned , lukily it was a gift , so I did n't waste my money on it . The problem is that Black & Decker still uses NiCad batteries , which develop a memory if you do n't completely discharge before you recharge -LRB- and when do you ever do that with a dustbuster ? -RRB- The result is a vaccum that works OK for about 6 months , but then works for about 1-2 minutes before the battery goes dead . For a few pennies more they could use a NiMH battery pack , and maybe this thing would work . Until then , I reccoment a corded Dirt Devil Scorpion . Having to pull an extension cord is well work having a vaccum that actually works .
 I too owned this particular model , and by pure chance , so did my neighbour . Mine stopped working after 6 months , in which I followed the directions and kept the unit clean . My neighbour 's stopped working after 8 months . Instead of throwing them away , -LRB- there were no service centres nearby , and B&D ; 's shipping charges were insane -RRB- I took my tester out to see where the trouble might lie . Much to my surprise , there was no power reaching the charging base of the Dustbuster , so I immediately focused my attention on the charging unit . I separated the wires from the charging base and put the tester to work . Sure enough , there was no power coming out of the charger ! The verdict ? It was n't the BATTERIES after all , it was a defective charger . -LRB- just like the other reviewer said -RRB- . I did some more research on this , and found that there were several Dustbusters made -LRB- maybe hundreds ? -RRB- that seem to have had faulty chargers . Why B&D ; never issued a national recall remains a mystery , but it makes perfect sense that maybe they did n't know about this issue ? If they did , then they looked the other way , hoping that the problem was n't too widespread . I remember the salesman at Sears saying that quite a few of these models came back for the exact same reason . -LRB- Dustbusters in Canada have a 2yr warranty -RRB- I think there was a quality control issue at their plant in China , and interestingly enough , the newer Dustbusters have a different charger on them . We shall see if this problem has been resolved , as I 've just purchased another one -LRB- model CHV9600-see my review -RRB- and will take note of how long that one lasts me . My first Dustbuster purchased in 1990 lasted 8 years , and all models after that have given me trouble !
 I got mine about a year ago and it 's still working ... well . . working too well perhaps . The motor starts running too , a away too fast I am afraid it might explode . Is this because I put it in charger unit for too long ?? Anyway , do n't buy this product . How can you use vac . with worries that it might explode right in your hand ??
 I agree with labmommy -- great product but short life ! After only a few months of having it -LRB- and cleaning it diligently -RRB- the motor stopped running . I tried everything -- charging it , looking at the motor , and it 's dead . I might as well just go to Sam 's or Wal-Mart where I can at least return it without much hassle . Good thing this was only $ 30 .
 batteries . this is a great product killed by now having internal batteries . versapak version was great , but this `` next generation '' model just does n't hack it . you can take my word on it .
 I bought my vac about 2 years ago . It has never worked well . I thought it may simply need to charge but even after charging for days/weeks ... it would die off after 30 seconds of use . Then I thought maybe something was wrong with the outlet - not the case . Have finally accepted that it 's useless and going in the garbage .
 I got this as a present because I wanted a dust buster so I could vaccum my truck out . This thing never ever stays charged !! It also cant even suck up anything . A waste of money !!! I now own a shop Vac !!!!
 I purchased this over 6 months ago and feel as if I wasted my money . It just wont hold the charge even after charging overnight it will only run for a little over 5 minutes before it dies . I wish I could find my receipt and take it back .
 Black & Decker should mention in LARGE print that although this vacuum is rechargeable , the rechargeable battey eventually loses its charge and is not replaceable -- mine lasted less than a year -LRB- I used it 10 minutes a week on average -RRB- . Unfortunately , I recycled the battery pack before I learned I needed it to get a replacement unit under the warranty.Also , B&D website was dense and hard to navigate . I had to contact their phone support -LRB- which only operates M-F -RRB- to find out I had worthless piece of garbage.I would recommend another model or , for me , another brand .
 The screw holes on these hinges are swagged out on the wrong side -LRB- not as pictured -RRB- making them virtually impossible to use on any application that I know of . Finish is poor , metal stamping is poor . If you are looking for sewing machine cabinet hinges , go someplace else .
 I wasted $ 20 on this thing . Once you fold out the knife , you cant fold it bsck in . I threw it in the garbage after wasting an hour on this peice if crap tool !!!!!!
 The ` FloodSafe ' system is really ` safe ' , cause it 's not letting any water flowing thru the connector , ever.Mine worked for about a day or so and than stopped any water getting thru , thanks a lot Watts for the extra work now for replacing the connectors.Check the reviewes on other FloodSafe products , they are all bad . All of them should be recalled .
 Initially looked liked a good product as the settings are invisible to the user . I Had 2 units installed by an electrician to control bathroom fans but both timers were not performing - they either did not work at all or stopped the fan after random time period regardless of the settings . For example , if you set to 1 minute , it stops after 5 minutes ; if you set to 5 minutes , it stops after 15 minutes ; if you set to 15 minutes , it works continuously.Ordered another one as I thought the first two were defective , but ended up with the same inconsistent operation . Called the manufacturer and all they could say is that I need a good Neutral , which I know that I had.I 'm not an expert , but the internal assembly seems to be with low quality , obsolete design and components used 20 years ago . In addition , there is an annoying buzzer when it getting close to the end of the cycle -LRB- if it ever does -RRB- . Bottom Line
 I bought three of these timers , and they are all broken . They 'll turn on , but never turn off . As the long and helpful review says , you need a good connection to neutral for these to function . I went so far as to remove a gfi from the circuit to make sure I had a no interruptions in my neutral . Still did n't work . So I went even further , and strung a wire all the way from my neutral bus in the breaker box to the neutral wire at the switch . Still did n't work . -LRB- Would turn on , but never turn off . -RRB- I tried this setups with fewer and fewer potential problems -LRB- switched from a combo shower fan + florescent light to just the light , to just a single incandescent bulb . Still turns on and never turns off.Tried these combinations on all three switches . None works . What a waste of a day.Save yourself the trouble .
 Caveat
 I had 6 of these installed when my house was built . Five of them failed in various ways and were replaced within a month , and 3 of those in turn failed and were replaced within another 3 months . Three years later , one more failure and 6 months later one more . Says it all . I 'm trying the Lutron MA-T530GHW , which has no annoying beeping at the end of the cycle and requires only one tap to turn off manually ; hope springs eternal .
 I 've bought 2 of these sliders to fix a failing garage door opener . The metal used to make the threads that ride the screw drive on the door opener is very soft . Any irregularities in the operation of the door will strip these threads to a smooth surface in no time . I finally gave up on repairing my opener with new slides and bought a whole new system . If this part fails , replacing it will only be a temporary solution , because it will fail again .
 This light looked more brown in color in the picture , but when I received it , it was actually a smoky gray color . Not sure if they changed the product and did not update the picture , but it is completely misrepresented .
 My Stainless steel Watts hose was supposed to prevent water damage , but within a few months my Watts hose started putting out a fine mist during the fill cycle . It went into the drywall and soaked into the subfloor , causing over $ 6000 worth of damage . The Watts insurance adjuster concurred that it certainly looked like the hose caused the damage , but then he took the hose for `` an independent evaluation '' . Turned out Watts evaluated its own hose and proclaimed `` No manufacturing defect '' . They refused to return the hose , so I had no proof . I WILL NEVER BUY ANY WATTS PRODUCT .
 After several years of service , the device failed to reset to `` open '' when disconnected from the shutoff valves as per the manufacturer 's instructions . I lost the cost of the hoses plus several hours of labor to diagnose the cause of the very low flow rate to my washer .
 A contractor chose this one for me and my washer could n't receive cold water . Checked shutoff valve , water was connected , so I called a washer repair service . Later , i decided to try disconnecting the hose from the washer and saw that the hose itself was blocked-water could n't get through . Defective I thought . Went to Home Depot and saw it there in a bag with instructions describing how it had a fail-safe feature that shuts off water flow if the water pressure changes suddenly or if you turn the water on too fast . My washing machine did n't read the instructions , changed cycles and turned off the water flow . The hose has a tag telling me the order in which you disconnect the hose in order to get it to operate again . I went with a competitor hose without this safety `` feature '' and cancelled my $ 129 washer repair service appointment .
 Installed 2 hoses , one leaked immediately - leak was from the `` floodsafe '' valve , not the hose bib connection , so it was definitely a manufacturing defect .
 I like the overall design of these desk lamps and I bought two of them for my office last year.Both lamps quit working about 6 months into duty . Thought it was just the bulbs having burnt out , so I replaced both bulbs with Ottlight replacements -LRB- at over $ 10 each -RRB- . Turned out the ballast/electronics is not user serviceable . So I now have two paperweights . Very disappointed in Ott quality control on this product and I probably will not buy Ott lamps again .
 I bought one directly though Ott-Lite about two years ago . That one lasted about 9 months before it would not turn on . If it was near my cpu speakers it would make loud buzzing sounds through the sets . Could n't figure that one out . The second light I bought at Home Depot and it lasted about 10 months . Every time that I turn it on it does nothing but flicker ! I expected better than this lousy product . The light was exellent , but the product just did n't last .
 I 'm sure there are less expensive paper weights in the world - possibly even ones that illuminated desks for a week before deciding to relinquish that role . Within that framework , I made an awesome purchase . As far as reliably functional table lamps go , it 's a piece of junk .
 The clearcoat finish over brushed aluminum makes this an attractive lamp . The fact that the lamp quit working on the day after I bought it makes it horrible . I picked one up at Lowes for $ 79.95 . It worked about 5 or 6 times and then failed completely . It looks good on my desk , to bad I can only see it during the day when I do n't need it . -- Chris
 I ca n't believe this , but I was trying to be good and buy this lamp at my local store . You know , I wanted to keep my dollars here in town , since I buy way too much stuff off Amazon as it is . However , if I had shopping for it here on Amazon , I would have seen all of these reviews about the lamp spontaneously dying and bought something else . Argh!I no longer have the original packaging -- I foolishly expected it to work -- and now I 'll have to see if the store will take it back , although after reading all of these reviews , I realize that the best I can hope for is an exchange , and I do n't want another one of these lamps .
 I selected this tester because of all the positive reviews , but found it to be very unreliable . I removed the cover from a `` hot '' light switch and placed the unit near the hot wire and it correctly glowed red and beeped . So far , so good . Unfortunately , subsequent attempts to get the tester to glow again with this same hot switch were unsuccessful . I tried every possible angle and position , but just could not get the unit to glow . However , if I turned around and tested a nearby duplex , it correctly glowed.I trust that if this glows and beeps , voltage is detected . However , if it remains silent , I have no idea if the power is on or off . Too bad . It seemed like such a great safety checker to have in my electrical tool box .
 Bought this tester about 4 months ago . First time it seemed to work fine.Second time on start up , it failed to detect known hot lines.As a safety precaution , I always test against a known hot power cord before starting work .
 sometimes does not detect 110 - 120v in lines , it 's a shame i like the design of the device
 I purchased this voltage detector thinking that for $ 25 I 'd get a nice , solid , US-made product . Upon receiving it , I set up to test known circuits . I found the following problems :1 -RRB- it is too sensitive in some instances - like near a plastic surge protector2 -RRB- it is not sensitive enough in other instances - in outlets where the tip can not go in fully3 -RRB- it is erratic when touching the metal base of lamps -LRB- I tried two -RRB- - it indicates dangerous voltage when I know for sure that this is not the case . Granted , I might have received a defective one.I will return it today .
 This is a nice idea for a tool , but I 'm concerned by the tendency of it to not read any voltage unless it is held exactly right . Maybe that 's just a fluke . ; - -RRB- Seems to not be sensitive enough . So , I find that I thoroughly test multiple times . In the end , I 'm more concerned that I 'm going to be electrocuted than I was when I used a regular volt meter .
 The Fluke 1AC-A1-II looks like a drop-resistant design . Some of the other brands of testers break if dropped a few times.I thought the unit would beep , but it did n't . The package does n't say anything about an audible warning , but various web sites say it does . Buried in the instructions is the secret button press to get it to beep . It 's in the timing of the on/off button . If you want the beep , you have to remember the correct way to turn it on . Poor design in my opinion.I turned it on and it flashes a red red light to let you know it 's on . The same red LED glows steadily for a warning . In my opinon having the red power light also be the warning alert is unconventional and confusing . Most other testers have a green LED to let you know it 's on , and a separate flashing red LED for the alert . Why Fluke did it this way is puzzling and deviates from industrial safety standards that dictate that red indications should ONLY be used for alarms or warnings.Instead of a unique warble like the Greenlee units , the Fluke makes a steady annoying beep that sounds like an appliance timer . Not a well thought out design in my opinion.The Fluke 's response time appears to be slower than the Greenlee . You hold it near a wire or stick it in an outlet and it takes a second to respond . Probably because it 's using the same LED for power-on and circuit detection so it takes time to switch modes . Poor design in my opinion.My unit also gave several false negatives with operating modes not mentioned in the manual : In some hot outlets the LED continued to flash and it beeped continuously at the same time . No word in the instructions what that means.In some situations the LED continued to flash and it beeped intermittently at the same pace as the LED . No word in the manual about that mode either.In some hot outlets taking your hand off the unit would make it falsely indicate the circuit was dead . Touch the unit and you get the continuous glow and beep , as you should . No word in the manual about that deadly situation . Kind of useless if you want to stick it in an outlet and see which breaker kills the circuit.It was cheap enough so I probably wo n't return it , but I can never trust it and will definitely buy a different one very soon.Safety Note to Homeowners
 I for the most part like Fluke , they are the name to buy when you want a good tester . So that is why I bought the Fluke non-contact tester . But it goes off when it is in your hand , or you move it to much and so on . Than when I checked a ck it said it was off and I know it was on . Than I checked it again it said it was on . That was the end of that tester , I could never trust it again . I have found the greenlee tester to work the best , I trust it for the most part , I have been doing this for a long time , so it is always hot in my eyes .
 This tester barley turns on , then when you try to push the button to turn it off , it 's luck if it goes off or not . It 's really bad , so bad that I 'm probably just going to throw mine out .
 This tool looked durable , but broke after it fell off of a six foot ladder .
 I bought this for the specific purpose of checking campground electrical outlets for proper polarity prior to connecting my motorhome.I selected Fluke because I 've used their test equipment in avionics work for many years . They should be ashamed putting their name on this one!I unpacked the unit turned it on -LRB- it presented normal internal test indications for flashing and beeping -RRB- and went to test it on known live -- and proper polarity -- 120vac outlets . Even sticking the plastic tip into the outlet , the unit failed to &#34; alert &#34; to voltage . It finally performed when I placed it in close proximity to my 220vac dryer outlet -LRB- voltage range for this model is advertised as 90-1000vac -RRB- . Checking further , when I pulled appliance plugs partially out of their ac outlets and placing the tip of the tester against the hot side blade , the unit performed as advertised . Candidly stated , this particular unit has such low sensitivity that you might do as well by simply wetting your finger and putting in the socket ! -LRB- Please do n't do that -RRB- . The danger this unit poses is that if you are using it on a circuit connection with which you are genuinely unfamiliar , it will lead you to believe there is no voltage present when the circuit may be &#34; hot &#34; . It may be that I simply received a &#34; lemon &#34; , but nonetheless I gave it a quick return trip and have ordered a Sperry unit with adjustable sensitivity -LRB- the Fluke unit is not operator adjustable -RRB- .
 You would think they would at least put a new battery in a reconditioned tool . The saw seems to work fine but the battery lasts about 2 minutes . Any savings I received from buying a used tool will be gone with the purchase of a new battery . beware .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 IT CERTAINLY WOULD BE NICE TO KNOW THE LENGTH AND WIDTH OF ALL THESE DIFFERENT PRODUCTS
 If you 're looking for a foam filler that remains spongy and retains it 's shape after you squeeze it , look somewhere else . This goes flat after you squeeze it in place . It is not a seal .
 There is no way to choose the color you want ! You show a blue one but yo get red or som other color . Had I known that from the start , I would have gone to plan B
 The unit would not shut off water completely when in closed position . It is totally useless . I may either try to put in a washer to totally seal the valve , or purchase another one hoping the first one is defective .
 When I first bought my python water changer I was very happy with it . But after the second fitting in the sink attachment broke it got expensive . I looked up this problem and only wish I had read the other reviews more carefully . It 's fragile and so on the second replacement I always kept a loop of hose on the sink to ease the strain on the weak part . Still it broke . You have to buy the whole faucet unit each time so 90 % of the good parts are trashed in the end with the essential piece . Currently I am working on making a homemade version from instructions on the net . All told it 's a decent concept with one piece turning it into a disposable , expensive and wasteful product.I have also noticed that two other companies are using similar units in their products . So use caution .
 Picture on this add makes it look like you 're getting all the parts . . be careful ! I was searching for the faucet adapter but ended up with the open/close valve !
 This item is a fake . I ordered it and was sent one blade . Store would not return my emails . The web site listed above -LRB- ca n't print the name because of a purging program -RRB- also has not helped except for a ` we 'll look into it ' . Thanks a lot A. ... .
 I ordered two of the lamps for my work desk . The lamps themselves work nicely . The problem does not occur until you need to replace the bulb . Apparently whoever designed the lamps did not allow for the bulb actually needing to be replaced . If you have a few hours to spare , have no anger management issues , and do not mind having to unscrew seven screws -LRB- four of which require using both pliers and a screw driver -RRB- to access the bulb , then so far so good . However , you will also have to be prepared to use heat-resistant metalic tape to hold the glass bulb shield in place once the bulb is replaced , since once you remove the shield to access the bulb , you will not be able to replace the metal spring that was previously used to hold it in place . It will help also if you know a bit about electrical wiring because in the process of replacing the bulb , you will very likely unravel the electrical wiring connecting the bulb to the cord and you will need to reconnect it.After encountering these problems when I needed to replace the bulb in the first of my two lamps , I contacted the manufacturer for bulb placing instructions . I learned that there are no bulb replacing instructions . So , because I had a few hours to spare , I resisted the urge to simply trash the second lamp when its bulb burned out and get one with bulb replacement designed into the lamp . However , If I had known in advance that the designer of the lamp had assumed bulbs last forever , I would not have purchased this lamp .
 I received the Little Giant , Modell 22 Type 1A Fiberglass ladder recently and put it to work immediately . I am a homebuilder and liked the idea of carrying one ladder , especially for warranty and service work . The ladder is ingeniously designed , is very sturdy , and can be transformed to many needs.Issues : However , the fiberglass model should come with a lifetime membership to gym . It is so heavy it is hard to work with . One almost needs a helper to deal with the weight . Ironically the ladder is labeled as a `` lite '' . I do n't think I will be taking it into a customer 's home without assistance . Secondly , the stablizer legs for unlevel ground will not work with the fiberglass model . This was a dissappointment since it makes it more difficult to use on unlevel ground.When opening the ladder to its longest extension one must have room to work with a fully extended ladder . A typical extension ladder is extended to the desired working height while in a relatively upright -LRB- vertical -RRB- position . The LG has to be extended then raised from the ground . Recently I was trying to get into an attic access -LRB- scuttle hole -RRB- and this proved much more difficult with the LG than a typical extension ladder.The ladder is strong and locks into position effectively . The work platform works very well although it is obviously designed for the aluminum versions . One feature I really like is the ability to keep one side of the ladder almost parallel to the wall . This allows one to get much closer to your work.Overall I doubt I will use it much simply because of the weight issue . It is hard to get into and out of the truck and setting it up on hardwood floors would be a concern because of the weight issue . When maneuvering the ladder in tight quarters or in new home conditions the weight causes a real control concern . I do n't want to lose control of it and break the china cabinet!The ladder has its place . If I could do it again I would purchase the aluminum version in a shorter version .
 This ladder has been a huge disappointment . It is terribly heavy and awkward to use.As an extension ladder , it is brutal to raise . It must first be extended to the correct length and then walked up the arms to get it against a high wall . It has the stability of a diving board when fully extended . If you wish to clean gutters and need to move the ladder , it must be walked down and dragged . It is very top heavy and downright dangerous to try and move this when fully extended.I attended Illinois Bell ladder handling school , so I am fairly skilled at handling ladders . There is absolutely no good way to carry this ladder . I am 6 ' 4 260 pounds and a weightlifter . A regular extension ladder can be carried easily against the shoulder when one knows how . No way with this thing . It must carried suitcase style and at 54 pounds , it is a spine wrecker.It may be a superb folding ladder , but one would be better off buying a separate extension ladder and a separate folding ladder for the price of this thing .
 I 've just returned my second B&D string trimmer for the same mechanical problem -- the spool flies off while in use . The grooves holding the spool onto the drive shaft eventually strip . I used this product approximately twice a month during the grass-cutting season -LRB- March through October -RRB- ... not heavy use in my opinion . I can only recommend that you not waste your time on this product .
 The metal left hand grip is attached to the handle with a flimsy plastic part that breaks from the vibrations of normal use . Mine broke after about 3 years of infrequent use in the Northeast . I stored the unit in a dark garage , so UV could not have been a factor . They should have named it `` Glass Hog '' instead of `` Grass Hog '' . The time and effort required to replace the part , plus the cost of the part plus shipping , makes it uneconomic to repair the trimmer . Black & Decker design their products to last for the 2-year warranty period but not much more .
 Had this in my pickup for about 3 years and it 's brittle now with cracks the whole length of it . Before it started cracking , the vinyl coating was getting hard and the lock would n't bite but could easily be slipped down and that started within the first year . I still use it because it `` looks locked '' but now i 'm shopping for a replacement . Do n't think they do n't know what sort of plastics they use in items . They do n't want you to have to buy another sooner than later of course .
 this product I 'm still trying to figure out how to open it.it should n't be hard for the owner to open the lock.they should have made the lock better .
 Put this cable on my brand new trail cam , which was also in security box . 3 days later I discovered the whole thing stolen . I figured the box could be ripped from the tree , but I thought the cable would hold . Apparently not . I do n't know how they defeated the cable lock , but they did . Do n't waste your money on this . If @ $ $ holes want to steal your stuff , they 're going to .
 Used the lock for 1 day for my bikes -LRB- not as the primary lock -RRB- and to secure my bike rack to my car . During the 1st day of use , the lock got stuck in the locked position with the key inserted . Could n't turn the key or do anything . Had a cut the lock with bolt cutters . Very dissapointed .
 Master Lock 8413DPF Python Adjustable Locking Cable , 6-Foot x 3/8-InchThe reviews made this product look very good . It looked like it would be great , what could go wrong , ... . everything.First of all The key did not to fit the lock correctly . It took a number of tries with each key before I could get a key inserted . Once in the lock , the key would not turn . After five or six attempts . it loosened up . I thought about getting out WD40 and spraying the lock . It finally started to turn but then a new problem , I could not get the key out of the lock.Then the wire that inserted into the lock had a problem threading through the hole . The tip of the cable was not centered on the cable , it stuck out just enough to catch when going in and out of the lock , so removing it was also a problem . Lots of wiggling and pulling until it came out . This caused the paint finnish on the tip to get scratched up.The metal lock where the key is inserted looked thin and flimsy . It seems like inserting a screwdriver and hitting with a hammer would destroy the lock.We have a number of bike locks and this was by far the worst product ever . I have never had a lock that had problems with it 's own keys . A lock with keys that it does not like ? What a concept . I guess there is NO quality control at Master Lock .
 The good : I had locked 2 of my motorcycles together with this lock.Was intending to use it for my third motorcycle while out since it is fairly light and lengthyThe bad : Upon it sitting outside one night the lock was stuck , tried for a few minutes playing with the key to unlock it -LRB- ended up bending the key -RRB- The ugly : Sprayed some wd40 into the keyhole , some excess went onto the cable . Cable slips right out while still in the locked position .
 I really was excited to get this , wanted to love it but it does not hold . In the locked position you can still pull the cable out . Sucks ... its a great idea if it worked .
 GearWrench 9215 17mm x 19mm was not in the box , but the plastic bag that was suppose to be in was .
 I had one of these fot years that recently quit working so I bought another as a replacement . The replacement worked great for the first use , then it quit working on the second use . The iron would not heat.Has the quality gotten that poor in recent years ? I sent it back for a refund . I 'll buy a different brand for the replacement .
 I bought one of these on Amazon.com along with a fine tip for pcb work . The tip died on me within a month . The whole soldering station died within 5 months . Weller made me pay to ship it back to them for warranty service ; I was shipped a new one . Now , 3 months after that , the second one is dead . I 'm sure they 'll want me to pay to send that back to them , too.Once in the first year , I can understand I got a lemon . Twice , shame on Weller - I 'll buy a different brand.FYI I use the thing at most 2 hours a week as a hobbyist , so it is not getting put through the paces very hard ...
 This thing crapped out less than two weeks after I started using it on a light electronic project . Weller had a great name once upon a time , but even for the low price I expected to get a bit more out of it than this ! I want my money back !
 For the same price one can get a `` Professional '' series Weller iron -LRB- like this one -RRB- with constant tip temperature , or a less known brand temperature-controlled station -LRB- like this one -RRB- that will be much nicer to work with.PROS : Weller quality and durability.CONS : Price is too high for a simple iron without temperature control , the `` power control '' knob works like a simple light dimmer - with no feedback from the tip , so the temperature will be jumping up and down while you work . ----------- Side notes
 I ended up returning this . Very poor design . The wire on the wand is just lampcord , made of simple rubber and is rigid , so it gets in the way and easily gets tangled with the work you 're doing - and its inflexibility can `` steer '' the soldering iron , which matters with delicate work . The wire is also too long and not heat-resistant , and it plugs into side of base with a bulky 110V AC plug . Some may like that feature as they may think it makes the wand portable to use w/o the base , but as far as I 'm concerned I bought the base / wand combo for its precise heat , why would I want to split that up and get full heat ? Also to hold the soldering tip there 's a set screw -LRB- as opposed to a threaded compression fitting -RRB- - so the screw sticks out from the iron at the base of the tip , and the iron is constantly getting hung up on the wireframe coiled holder via that screw when drawn out of the base , dragging the station an inch or two towards me . Frustrating . I owned a more `` pro '' Weller station previously -LRB- got lost in a move -RRB- , and simple things from that design would be nice in this unit - shorter , heat-resistant wire & more flexible wire , and nix the set screw . Sure they value-engineer lower cost soldering stations for a reason , but some design issues ca n't be THAT costly to implement -LRB- the screw for example , or wire length -RRB- . Oh my what a rant , it 's just a soldering iron . Good luck !
 If you are looking for a soldering iron to make quick repairs on a speaker or one or two wires or such , get one of the $ 15 - $ 20 cheap soldering irons as it is the same quality of this iron . The station is just a dimmer switch to control the current going to the iron , however at this level quality iron you will be using it at max anyway to get the temp up to the level to be able to melt solder.If you are wanting to get into the hobby of electronics or even more serious than the hobby level AVOID this iron . The temperature of this iron flops down after soldering two joints . It ca n't keep any decent temperature regardless of the control knob . I used both 60/40 and 63/37 rosin core solder types and it had the same temperature problems , so using lead-free solder would be even worse . I bought this one to save money over say the purchase cost of aHakko Soldering Station , FX-888or if I really had the moneyMetcal Soldering System , SMT Rework , MX Series , 110VAC . I will have to spend even more money due to wasting my time with the WLC100 Weller iron and buying a quality iron later.It 's a shame because my father told me that he used Weller Irons back in the day , and Weller was a name in tools that you can trust , and it might of been one , but no longer.tl ; dr Casual Home Repairs
 7 months old and probably headed into the circular file . Solder just rolls off of the tip in tiny balls . I have tried new tips . I have also tried plugging the iron directly into the wall . I will not purchase just the iron portion for the approximately $ 25.00 . I think I will order an Edsyn this time around .
 I 've been soldering electrical components for over 50 years and know the tricks and caveats . When I first purchased the Weller WLC100 I looked it over , checked for quality of build - plugged it in and observed it was heating and that the pilot light came on and just assumed the tip would heat as advertised . Never have had a soldering iron that did not heat up to proper temperature in actual use so I was a bit casual about my operational check.At last - months after the original purchase - and probably after the expiration of any warranty - I had occasion to solder a couple of connections . I 'm glad I never discarded my old stand-by . The new WLC 100 is absolutely unusable - the tip will not tin - when the tip is finally hot enough to melt solder , it 's too hot and the solder beads up and rolls away . Adjusting for lower heat apparently is not possible as there appears to be an intermittent in the analog temperature control unit . So , the solder melts and beads , or it does n't melt at all . Plugging the iron directly into the wall generates a constant heat - but too hot for delicate work . My unit is no doubt an anomaly - the other reviews were stellar . But this one is decidedly not . If you purchase a WLC 100 make very sure that you make a few practice solder connections before discarding the unit 's packaging .
 Bought from Amazon , died in 3 months of light use . I am a hobbyist using this at most 2 hours per week , and not every week.Weller -LRB- Cooper Tools -RRB- makes you pay to ship it to them . They sent me out a replacement . It suddenly died 3 weeks out of warranty . Weller is going to honor the warranty , and send out a replacement , but again I have to pay to ship the faulty one to them.I wish I 'd bought something else . When the 3rd one dies , I 'll have to do that anyway and I 'll be out the price of this one + two shipments across the country.And guess when it always seems to die - right in the middle of project when I really want it , and it takes 3 weeks total time to get the replacements from Weller .
 I 've had this soldering iron for a good 6 months . It has been okay . But my issues were unpredictable heat , loose tips and a cord that is so stiff it makes soldering cumbersome . I have since replaced it with a Hakko 888 and wonder why I ever bought the Weller . $ 40 more but a world apart . The Hakko has a wonderfully flexible cord , tip attachment as it should be and precise fast temp control . A dream to use by comparison . The Hakko is very well constructed . The base unit is heavy and makes the Weller feel like a toy . Do yourself a big favor and pop for the Hakko.Sorry about the harsh review but I do n't think the folks giving this iron 5 stars have ever used a good iron .
 This product is just okay , not very functional.I am returning this unit as i do not feel it was worth the money , it is just too light weight and does not have the power I need .
 Weller is a great name . I have used other controlled weller stations for 20 yrs HOWEVER this one is total garbage . The unit gets too hot . The tip is huge . the base gets hot ... I ended up going to radio shack and buying one of their 20.00 stations to complete my laptop repairs . . Buyer beware total junk ...
 I purchased this based on the reviews . The first day I used it , I tinned the tip with solder and proceeded to build a small electronics DIY kit . While building the kit , the tip developed a coating that I found impossible to clean off with my wet sponge . In one hour it was unusable . I also has an old Ungar soldering iron I was comparing with it , and I had no problem with the Ungar.Perhaps another tip might work better .
 MI QUEJA ES LA SIGUIENTE NO ME LLEGO LA MERCANCIA ME CARGARON EN BSF Y EN DOLAFRES COMO HAGO PARA QUE ME DEVUELVAN EL DINERO O ME MANDEN LA MERCANCIAya pasaron casi 2 meses y medio que p&agrave;so con la mercancia , que nunca la enviaron , pero para quitarme el dinero si lo hacen rapido
 You will not believe this company
 I like 3 m filters , I used them in my old house all the time . My new house take 4 inch thick filters so I order a 4 inch filter . The box says it 4 inch but it is really 4.25 or ,4 1/4 which means it does not fit . Nowhere on the it the box does it say the filter is larger . I have to bend the filter in order to get it to in the holder . Out over $ 100.00 on filters that do not work . 3m should know better .
 The main size indicated on the title of the item is not the actual size so it did not fit into the filter cabinet .
 The size stated in the description is wrong . Now that I have torn the wrapping on one of the filters I can not return them . I 'm out over one hundred dollars and still have to buy filters . I am not a happy camper .
 I use a Lennox MERV 16 whole-house filter ranked best by Consumer Reports for pro-installed filter systems that do not emit ozone . Unfortunately , 3M has chosen to abandon the MERV standard , so it is impossible to the quality of its filters with other brands . The best way is probably to discover how well the submicron particulates are filtered , so I called 3M to find out how well this filter did that . The company responded that such information is `` confidential . '' This is unacceptable . For many people a filter is virtually a medical device . A good filter may , for instance , be an helpful defense against asthma . A MERV 16 is actually designated for `` general surgery '' by the American Society of Heating , Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers , which developed the MERV ratings . There is no good reason why the filtration capacity of any filter should be a business secret , and I would avoid most 3M filters on that account . 3M is a good company and it should know better than to treat consumers like this . -LRB- If a given consumer wants to take the self-ratings of manufacturers at face value , the Lennox MERV 16 filter does a much better job than this filter . It certainly has more surface capture area and a thicker medium . It 's also much more expensive . -RRB- Please see the comments appended to this review for much more detailed discussion .
 I bought four of these to replace my old 20x25x4 inch filters . These may say they are the same size , but they measure 1/4 inch wider than advertised , , and are therefore too big and will not fit my furnace . Great . Out $ 100 and need to order another brand wait for delivery . Very angry about this lack of correct size .
 I ordered the items because it was at a very good price . I have paid $ 40 per filter before . This would have been a good deal but the sizes was too large and could not fit in my ac unit . This product is mis-sized ...
 4 way connect difficult to use and the switches that direct the flow never really close so they always leak . Valve ca n't handle drip pressure and REALLY leak . A complete bust . Still marching ahead on my search for decent in-line valve/timers . No luck yet .
 Pros - Easy to programConfigurable and expandableCons -3 our of 4 major components were defective -LRB- see long winded comments below -RRB- === I like the concept of this watering system , but it 's not working out very well for me . It seems that I received a kit that had every problem you could possibly have , short of the thing not turning on at all . I installed and programmed it easily enough , but immediately found that the manifold leaked out of the third on/off lever . I was excited to get this working , so I went to HD and purchased a new Orbit 4 station manifold for 15 bucks . This manifold was much higher quality than the one supplied in the kit , however , it had a hairline leak near a welding spot on the back of the unit . After exchanging that manifold , I was back in business but was sure to leave a large casserole dish underneath the unit to detect leaks if they were present.I had programmed the station timer to run one valve for 60 minutes at 5:30 AM every two days . Attached to this valve was a 25 psi regulator and backflow valve with fifteen 1/2 gph micro drip irrigation dippers spread across 30 feet of 1/4 inch irrigation tubing . These drippers were supplying water to 15 shrubs located two feet from my house . After a couple of days , I entered my crawlspace to find portion of the ground flooded near the foundation of the house . I chalked this up to setting the timer too often and to run for too long , plus loose soil conditions near the foundation . I then modified the station timer to run for only 30 minutes every three days.Two weeks later , I noticed that the my high tech leak detection system -LRB- the casserole dish -RRB- had identified a malfunction ... it was full of water . Upon inspection , I found that water was leaking out of a hole in the bottom of the plastic valve . I replaced the washer inside the valve to be clear that this was not the problem -LRB- it was n't -RRB- and replaced the valve with the second valve that came with the kit . The leaking stopped.A day later , I tried to set the timing station to run manually . The low batter indicator was flashing off an on and the station 's buttons were not working correctly . Low/dead batteries after 2.5 weeks ? I replaced the batteries only to find that the battery indicator still showed bad batteries . After a few minutes , the battery indicator looked to be normal again . Chalked this up to a problem with the unit being hot from the sun and bringing it inside cooled it off . However , the buttons all worked , but I could no longer hold down the buttons to set the time without pressing the button one time for every minute . So now I 've had it and uninstalled the entire thing and planned to send it back to Amazon . Not so fast ... my return window had elapsed.A day or two later , I thought I would give it another look and found that the buttons were working again . I decided to give it one more shot and re-programmed and re-installed the thing . I set it to run manually for 30 minutes to test it out . The next morning , it was still running , though the lcd screen said that was back in Auto mode.I then set the station timer to run for 1 minute in manual mode , waited 2 minutes , waited 5 minutes and the thing was still running . Now I know why my crawlspace was flooded . The thing turns on , but does n't always turn off.This thing is bad news : Defective manifoldDefective valve -LRB- 1 out of 2 aint bad -RRB- Defective station timerI wish I could return this , but it 's too late . I 've got an email into Orbit support . I hope they 'll replace everything . I hear they have great support , so we 'll see how it goes .
 This would be a great timer EXCEPT that all four outlets have to run on the same cycle . You can set the length of time that each outlet stays open , but if you want one outlet to run every day -LRB- to water potted plants -RRB- , then ALL outlets have to run every day . That means that lawns and flower gardens , which should only be watered once or twice a week , get overwatered or get just a light watering every day , neither of which is good.I 'm taking mine back .
 Both me and my ex girlfriend bought one of these kits for our lawns . -LRB- We live in the Northeast -RRB- Both control units crapped out in one season , so this spring I have to purchase some other means of a timer for the lawn . -LRB- Yes we tried fresh batteries -RRB- Although four channels are available on the timer , the kit only comes with two valves and mine did not want to operate separately even though you can control the valves separately via channel -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- and time ?? - Apparently not simultaneously but in succession.The controller -LRB- timer -RRB- is not all that user friendly and may confuse a typical baby boomer with minimal electronics exposure.I would not purchase this kit a second time .
 After trying three different sets , I can confirm there are serious technical problems with this system . The design is great , but every set I have tried has failed in some way or another within 30 days . One type of problem is with the display -- the display fails -LRB- letters/numbers become unreadable or the flashing stops so you do n't know what you 're setting -RRB- . Another problem is with the valves -- they stop working after a few weeks of use . You 'll know this because they emit a medium-pitched hum when the controller tries to turn them on -LRB- then the value does n't open -RRB- . This happened to five of the values across the three sets I tried .
 This did not work for me at all . I did n't find it difficult to program , but one of the valves in the four-way splitter had a slow drip , and both of the valves never completely shut off . In fact , I could n't get them to shut off at all with the ball valves in the four-way splitter all the way open . Once I turned the water down enough for the shut-off to work , they dripped like crazy.I believe my water pressure is high , but I do n't experience problems with anything else hooked into it.I 'm taking this right back to the hardware store and will search for something else . Consider getting something a bit more solidly put together . I know I am .
 To sum up , the following variables will be THE SAME for all four stations
 The `` 4 independent valves '' are misleading . This system operates on all 4 valves at the same time ONLY . It DOES NOT allow you to water different areas of your yard/garden on different days for set times . All valves will come on at the same time for variable duration . This is not a product I can use . I am returning it , very disappointing especially considering the COST .
 I saw this at Costco but was reluctant to try it out for several reasons . First of all , most of my watering stations require only one or at most two connections , while the rest would be wasted . Second , the control units connect to the valves by means of very light cord and miniature phone jacks , subject to corrosion and relatively easily damaged compared to the typical self-contained units by other mfrsNonetheless I finally broke down and bought one . It appears sturdy and well made , but read on . However , it is exceptionally hard to program , while the instructions are confusing and equivocalMaximum `` on '' time for a single watering is only 99 minutes , not long enough where infrequent but deep penetration is required , for instance , in a desert installationTwo stations -LRB- or up to four if you buy extra valves -RRB- can be set to come on for different durations but as noted in many other reviews they all come on at the same time , not a practical feature where , for instance , the stations require a high flow rate but a minimum pressure has to be maintainedAs noted by at least one other user , the system has an apparent design flaw in which occasionally the water does n't come on at the appointed time but instead the valve goes into a kind of vibratory mode . This fault alone is sufficient reason to reject the unit if not every Orbit productAfter encountering the foregoing difficulty I would have downgraded my two-star rating to zero if I could figure out how
 This worked well for two years but valves quit working with no warning other than dried out plants . The valves must be treated as short term throwaways . It may not be worth risking your plants to this .
 The concept of this timer is great -- A four station timer that you can quickly put together with Garden Hoses . The problem is that only two stations are included and the additional stations are almost impossible to get . As of this writing Amazon sells the two station kit but not the parts that you need to complete the system.You can find the parts on-line but they are always `` out of stock '' . The local hardware store tried a special order but the company ca n't even give a date when the additional stations will become available.If you are trying to build a 2 station system this is an expensive alternative , if you are trying to build a 4 station system you will not be able to complete the project unless you buy another base kit . This product is a bait and switch .
 Installation was very easy with the included manifold and the valves fit perfectly onto the manifold itself . I ended up buying two systems.However , the valves open only unreliably so keeping a seed bed damp in a new lawn is impossible . Offhand , five of eight valves open reliably , three of eight open only one time in three.The timespan between a valve closing and another -LRB- or the same one -RRB- opening is around 90 seconds . When the valve does not open , the reset time is similar . This equals a lot of time waiting for a valve that wo n't open.I 've also had trouble with the displays blanking out if they get damp -LRB- not wet , just damp -RRB- . This requires resetting the entire system and reprogramming time , day , and schedules.All in all , this system disappoints for its price .
 It is a nice system and easy to put together . It is not quite durable valve to last . It sometimes stopped working or leaks the water after it shuts off by the timer . The timer is much more durable but the programing is hard to follows and is confusing in the most of the schedule . Hopes it help you with your watering . I would suggest the permanent water valves and set it up with the plug in timer instead .
 It does do 4 hoses ... with the purchase of extra valves ... BUT it truely does NOT take care of 4 different stations that require different frequencey of watering . If you are only doing lawns or flower beds you are ok ... but we have lawns AND flower beds AND , planter boxes . You ca n't have a `` weds '' program different from `` saturday '' program . Every day must be the same . It would n't have been that hard when they designed the chip to make it so that each station could have it 's own program . Sorry going back to my Melnor ... 4 timers , one each hose ...
 The level of functionality is a bit more than I needed but I purchased this timer because I liked the all-in-one packaging . Setting up the timer was a bit more complex than it should have been but the device did a fine job for a few weeks . Then the LCD screen started to lose some digits and became very difficult to read and control . Batteries were being used like crazy -LRB- 3 AA 's every two weeks -RRB- and some of the modes are now useless . Going to the trash ...
 I wish I had read reviews before purchasing this worthless piece of junk . I did manage to order another valve , but had to spend a lot of time finding one online , no retailer had them on the shelf . The concept is great , execution is horrible . As others have noted , there is no programming different valves to run on different schedules . If you set it to run Tuesday , all valves run on Tuesday . No way to set the lawn valve to run on Sun , Weds & Friday while your hedge or planters run only on Thursday . Battery life is atrocious . I had to replace the batteries constantly . Numbers would start to fail to display even with new batteries . Valves would open and then fail to shut at the end of the cycle - I watered my front lawn for 8 hours one Saturday because the valve failed to close and we had gone out to the fair for the day . This is one of those products that should have been so right but turns out to be soooo wrong . I 'm buying single station controllers from DIG corp to replace the Orbit unit . Such a disappointment .
 On the surface , this looked to be an ideal solution for controlling the three separate sprinklers that I need for my side and back yard . It quickly became apparent that there are some serious quality control issues with this kit.Within a week of installing it one of the valves began to `` sing . '' No water was flowing through it but it was resonating throughout the whole house . I called Orbit 's customer service department and they sent out a replacement that arrived within about a week or so . A second valve has subsequently failed . The original 4-port manifold leaked badly and one of the ports would n't open , requiring me to replace it with a better-quality model.What 's worse , however , is the ridiculously short life I 'm getting from the batteries . One set of three AA batteries will last only about 2 weeks . Upon replacement , I have to reprogram the entire system over from scratch . By contrast , the two-valve Melnor system that this device was to replace will give me two years ' service from four AAs . I have no problem replacing batteries once or twice a growing season , but NOT every two weeks and especially not when it comes to having to re-program a complex watering program from scratch.I will also echo the other complaints about not being able to program the individual valves for different days/times . This does n't sound like rocket science - to have a timed system that opens and closes 4 valves when you want them to open and close , yet nobody has successfully implemented it that I can find . I 'm almost afraid to consider an irrigation system if timers are this unreliable .
 Should have played safe and gone by the negative reviews of this product . But the concept of having one timer control 2 valves with the possibility of expanding to 4 valves appealed to me . Unfortunately one of the valves leaked and was defective . Also , the threaded hose connectors on the brass manifold come off too easily when removing a valve or a hose . The whole thing leaked badly . The DIG timer -LRB- model 9001D -RRB- is way much better in both design and quality . I installed two DIG timers on a plastic manifold from my local hardware store with no leaks whatsoever on the first try . And the DIG is much easier to program and use .
 i ordered it on the 5th and now its the 19th ... . must be coming from china by row boat . i will never order anything from amazon again.last time i paid 19.00 for 2 day , and it came 4 days late , do to airplane delay , put gas in the tank ... . bob
 While the valve system seems not to limit the flow as much as some other water timers , nowhere on the package nor in the instructions does it tell you that in only works by running each of the 4 stations sequentially ! I had to call the place I bought it from to learn this . The only thing you can set independently for each station is the on time duration ; in all cases , it has to run first station 1 , then station 2 , then station 3 , then station 4 ; No independent start times for each station.Think you 're gon na turn on one station manually ? It 's gon na take you a ridiculous number of button pushes for EACH of the following :1 -RRB- find your way into manual on mode2 -RRB- select the station3 -RRB- set the on time -LRB- at least you can set it from 1 - 99 minutes -RRB- Not to Orbit - PLEASE FIRE YOUR PROGRAMMER ! He must be an office temp with a bad attitude.Note to Home Depot - STOP selling this junk . You do your customers nor your reputation no favors
 I have had three of these Orbit timers . They were the `` best '' I could find at the local hardware . All have failed within a few weeks . I bought two at ACE ; took one back immediately because it leaked ; got a replacement . After a few weeks both the replacement and the other original purchase just quit working . A third one worked for about a year but I had to replace the batteries every couple months . I will not by Orbit again .
 What it is
 We purchased a unit last year to water our back yard -LRB- due to severe watering restrictions which made us water between 12am and 4am -RRB- . Bought two extra units to have four watering lines . Not overly difficult to set up , and get to run accurately . But , and it is a big but , it will break within -LRB- or less than -RRB- one year . All four of the valves consistently leak due to the pressure of the hose being on -LRB- wasting a ton of water -RRB- . They just do not hold up , and are not worth the money . Bought another unit this spring , within one week , unit now leaks . Bottom line , do n't buy ...
 This is indoor only and ca n't be clear coated or the finished is ruined . Also , the paint ca n't be touched even when cured so its not good for surfaces that need to be handled .
 I lost my 9/16 reversable Grear Wrench and ordered this one from Amozon . The new wrench does not have the lip on it , and alows the fastner to pass thru it . If I wanted this I would have ordered the regular Gear Wrench that you flip over . 2nd ... the person I ordered it from was not in Texas -LRB- my state -RRB- but the Item was , so I had to pay tax on it .
 The picture shows just the foam pad but the discription states this comes with a maple base . The Woodline web site has this part with the maple base for 25 % less than you can buy it here.If you buy this all you are getting is the foam part and not the maple base . While the foam part is good I give this 2 stars because the discription is misleading . Buy from Woodline and save a few bucks .
 First off , I 'll say that we LOVE the look of the Cifial Stone Mountain distressed bronze bath fixtures and accessories . Looks are n't everything , however . For the shower/tub combo , and also the shower only fixtures :1 . There is no way to increase or decrease the water flow on this so realize this up front . While our previous shower trim had only one handle you could pull it around for temp and push it in or out for flow . Not so on this one and I did n't realize it before purchasing . It 's either on or off and that 's it . I 'm looking for Cifial Stone Mountain alternatives for this and have found one but it 's over $ 200 for it and I 'm not sure it will work with the current rough-in . This was VERY disappointing .2 . This is not low-flow . I guess in Portugal they do n't need or want low flow , or at least Cifial does n't , so it 's not just single spray , it also uses a ton of water when on .3 . The spray sucks . We 're actually going to purchase a different shower head that does n't match our fixtures because the spray on this is terrible . Right where you need it normally , standing directly under the spray , there 's no water coming out . It 's coming out on the sides but not in the middle so I 'm constantly moving around trying to find a spot with a good spray .4 . The seal around the shower head has popped out once already , sending water spraying everywhere . I think it 's just a matter of time before it does it again.And lastly , this is about Cifial company itself : Beware !! The customer service is TERRIBLE at Cifial USA , the product is made in Portugal and they take August off , December off , and quite possibly any other month they feel like . I 'm not kidding , that 's what Cifial and the dealers told me directly . And apparently they do n't work to catch up in the other months so while we purchased all of our fixtures -LRB- through another authorized site -RRB- in October 2011 we did n't receive the complete order until May 2012 !! Why ? Because per Cifial USA in Georgia they 1 . took Aug off so it would be 8 weeks for many items instead of the normal 6 , when I first ordered . Since we did n't need the fixtures until FEbruary 2012 , that was okay . The rough-ins were mostly all available so we got those in plenty of time for the plumber . 2 . But when the fixtures did n't arrive at the end of December they said it would be delayed until end of January because they took the entire month of December off -LRB- ?!?? -RRB- . Some items started arriving during this time , like towel bars , etc. 3 . When most fixtures did n't arrive by mid February Cifial USA said it was because they were having financial hard times in Portugal so were behind on everything at the Cifial factory . And that 's what I was told all the way through April and May . To get our certificate of occupancy we had to install different sink faucets because of Cifial 's inexcusable delays . As our plumber has been extremely busy this summer with other builders , we still have the substitute faucets and not the ones we purchased , on our sinks while the ones that arrived too late for our plumber to work with -- after our inspection and move in -- are sitting here until he can come over . Hard times in Portugal ? Well if this is their work ethic , it 's no wonder they 're having hard times . It took 7 months to get my order to me .
 Nozzle color was on the base not the top part as in the picture , so you are unable to know what size it is when installed . Had to return for full credit , Amazon makes that easy , 5 stars on returns .
 THE ELECTRONICS INSIDE THE 15 MINUTE PANASONIC CHARGER IS NOT DURABLE . IN ORDER TO CHARGE BATTERIES IN 15 MINUTES THE CIRCUITRY IS SO COMPLEX THAT FAILURE IS INEVITABLE IN SHORT ORDER . DO N'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID . YOU 'LL END UP WITH A NICE DRILL AND NO WAY TO RECHARGE THE BATTERIES . THE CHARGER REPLACEMENT IS ALMOST AS MUCH AS THE ENTIRE DRILL PACKAGE . TWO THUMBS DOWN . PANASONIC WO N'T STAND BEHIND THIS PRODUCT EITHER .
 I was pretty excited about getting this saw based on the other reviews . However when I received it , the handle had some wiggle that I find unacceptable in a $ 180 product . It is like they did n't machine the holes for the attachment screws deep enough . I returned the first one for a replacement and the second one came the same way . I think I am going to go with the Milwaukee . Also , as an FYI this product is made in China . I know a lot of things are made over there but I did n't really expect this from Bosch .
 I am a professional carpenter and I use this tool every day . It is considerably lighter than the standard Skil wormdrive and the deck is substantially more durable than the Skil MAG 777 . A great saw with one major exception . I have seen several that come out of the box with the outside edge of the deck out of parallel to the blade . This problem makes it impossible to use a BCI cut guide or to simply hold the edge of the saw to a speed square for quick , precision cuts . If you buy one , take your framing square to the store with you and make sure that the blade and the edge of the deck are on the same plane . My depth adjustment also binds but I have experienced the same problem with almost every Skil wormdrive I have used . Its annoying but does n't affect the functionality of the saw
 This blade will cut thinner metal than the standard blade , but it will NOT cut sheet metal as claimed . The blade kicks back and the teeth are easily damaged . If you want to cut sheet metal , get a Skil saw and turn the standard wood cutting blade around backwards . It does a much better job than the Panasonic , and it is a whole lot cheaper !!! If you want to cut 1/8 '' or thicker , this blade works ok .
 When I purchased this stand the T4B stand was not available . I have used the table saw stand similar to the T4B for several years and love it . I even get comments from friends about how nice that it is.For storage purposes , the T3B is ridiculous . I have the Bosch 10 '' Miter Saw and you could not set the stand upright easily without it falling over . The T4B does not have that problem and the saw is very balanced on it.You will regret not spending the extra to buy the T4B in the long run.Bosch T4B Gravity-Rise Miter Saw Stand
 I bought this stand for my Bosch 5412L several years ago . It works okay once it is setup and is quite stable in that position . However , as a `` portable '' stand , it leaves much to be desired.If you leave the saw mounted on the stand , -LRB- who does n't ? -RRB- , it does not sit steadily during transport because of its narrow frame . The whole contraption tends to rock or fall over when encountering rough terrain , like ruts in a driveway.Another problem occurs when you get ready to take it down after use . The sliding extensions must be thoroughly cleaned of sawdust or they will bind and jam when you start to push them in . The extension stops are not particularly accurate for repeated cuts on long timbers , being a bit wobley.Collapsing and setting up the legs is a little rough on the back , requiring the frame to be held up with one hand while the other unlatches and deploys or collapses the legs . You need to switch hands for each side.The saw and stand together make for an ungainly and heavy load to lift into the back of a truck alone . The combination weighs over 100 pounds . If I had it to do over again , I would look for a lighter saw and stand for portable work , perhaps the Festool Kapex and portable stand .
 Table is too flimsy to support the saw properly ; who would put an expensive saw on this flimsy table ? Completly usless ! I purchased a Rigid table to replace this one which was cheaper & 10 times better !
 Rating only for Assembly . Purchased stand even after reading other reviews . Have just finished putting together . The other reviews are correct . Lots of pieces and instructions are terrible . Only provided a black and white copy of original Instructions . Hard to see pictures , poorly written , and difficult to follow . With that and some guessing , you will eventually get it together . Several times had to undo and restart some of the steps . Should n't be this painful . Bosch needs to start over with the Instructions . Agree with others that would have been helpful to assemble more of it at plant but I am sure Bosch picked cheapest packaging option -- as evidenced by the Instructions.Haven ' t used yet . Stand appears to be sturdy . But the trade off is the stand and the Bosch saw together will be heavy -- right at 120 pounds -LRB- 75 lbs for saw + 44 lbs stand -RRB- . Something to consider if ever have to pick up both pieces at once.Amazon ordering and delivery time -LRB- standard -RRB- was exceptional .
 I think they 've listened to everyone about the assembly problems . It now comes assembled except for the saw mount section . But the instructions for what 's left are totally incoherent . If you have an outhouse you 'll know what to do with them . A good picture is your best bet and then it goes pretty well . As noted by others it is important to balance the saw . I centered the saw fence front with the center of the stand and that worked well ; you can fine tune from there if you wish . Aligning the fence parallel with the stand is not easy . My Bosch 5412 has extention bars so I aligned with them using a straight edge and that worked , you can fine tune from there if necessary.When UPS delivered this the box fell completely apart and scattered everything on my porch . I think that 's the norm , not the exception . I 'd give this 4 stars if TracRac was capable of writing an instruction manual and providing a decent box , and it comes with Bosch 's name on it so they are culpable .
 I am both lazy and new to woodworking , and I 'm already planning on replacing this thing . I am a big fan of Bosch stuff - it typically just has a neat feel to it that lets you know they put a lot of thought into the usability of their products.In this case , as other readers have mentioned , this thing was a pain in the neck to put together . In the end it is flimsy and the adjustments lack the ingenuity and refinement I expect from Bosch . You are without a doubt better off throwing something together with a sturdy base and cleverly configured stops.If you really need something like this for portability -LRB- outdoors or on-site -RRB- , you might be better off with a sturdier multi-purpose stand and repeatable cutting jig . This thing just does not make the grade .
 Made in China . Poor design , Bosch saw cuts in manufacturing costs and quality ... . All in all performs satisfactory . .
 I got this and also the # 1 tripoint screwdriver like it as I was n't sure which fit the screws in the Nintendo Wii sensorbar . Nintendo did n't apparently think that people have front projector rigs with equipment in the back of the room , and I need about 50 ' of wire to go around the room for the sensorbar to reach my screen . Since they used a funky weird connector I need to hack the thing to add more wire to it.The other item was fine , but this # 0 reversible screwdriver came with missing parts . I got the handle , but no the bit . TechniTool who fulfilled this order item -LRB- as well as the similar # 1 driver -RRB- have been nice about RMAing it , but what a hassle . I never thought I 'd buy a screwdriver and not get the whole thing ...
 So one of the features of this charger is that it `` charges both NiCads and Nimh batteries '' - yet the manufacturer 's comments state that it charges only Nimh batteries -LRB- `` for NiCads use charger EY0900B '' -RRB- . The 2002 Panasonic catalogue lists charging times of 90mins for N -LRB- 3Ah -RRB- NIMH batteries ; 60mins for F -LRB- 2Ah -RRB- NICAD batteries ; and 45mins for C -LRB- 1.2 Ah -RRB- NICAD batteries - with this charger .
 I bought this item @ my local Home Depot store to cut some 1 1/2 in . pvc . All I can say is that it is a pain to use . It requires a lot of force to cut and even then it will shatter the pipe if the pipe is old and brittle or if you manage to not shatter the pipe it will not cut all the way thru it will leave a small amount that you have to twist off , and it wo n't even cut straight . Not worth the aggravation , I ended up returning it . It may work better with 1/2 pvc but anything bigger , forget about it .
 I was about to order this , until I saw shipping was more than the adapter !
 This adapter is poorly designed . It is impossible to push the plugs of any of my devices into the complicated socket of this adapter . To succeed at doing this one has to risk breaking either the plug or the socket . It is completely a waste of money .
 Is not an adjustable vent opener . It has one piece of plastic that covers it . So the vent is either open or closed w / the cover on it . There is NO LEVER that controls the flow of air like a metal vent does . Returned it
 Because the item description says `` 16 roll per case '' I thought I was buying a case . It was only one roll . Very disappointed . Amazon refunded the purchase . I think the description needs to be changed .
 I tried using this product to fix two small leaks , one in a 3/4 '' copper line because I did not feel like sweating the leaking joint between a cut off valve and the pipe ; not only did it not stop the leak , but it DID adhere to the gate valve/pipe joint so that I was forced to cut the pipe about 3 inches from the leaking joint to replace the entire gate valve and that 3 inch piece of pipe . Net result
 We never received the o-ring kit which was ordered prior to a home project requiring the kit to fix my nailer . Then weeks later , on Friday I get an email saying that I had been refunded because I had returned the item!This was the worst attempt at an online purchase I have ever made . I have bought through Amazon before without a problem , but this caused serious disappointment and made my project much harder than it had to be .
 When I first received the Blackhawk Gladius flashlight , put the batteries in and turned it on , it was clear that I would need to study it 's operation for a bit . The Gladius has many modes and different settings which need to be understood before one can effectively use the light . While the control knobs are easy to use and the settings reasonably simple to change , it is still a complex flashlight . After I got the thing set up I started to notice that at times it would not come on when the button was depressed . This was solved by tightening the tail cap , however periodically it would occur again , requiring another twist of the tail cap to resume function . I did some research and found that other Gladius owners have had this same problem . I contacted Blackhawk and they acknowledged the problem and sent me a tail cap . In the two weeks it took for the tail caps to arrive , there was a reduced incidence of my Gladius misfiring . It would work well for several days , then while using it the light would suddenly shut itself off . One time the light came on while it was sitting on a table and was bumped by another object . Once the cap arrived , -LRB- they actually sent me two -RRB- I began to swap out caps . The first cap I tried to use had an activation button which would stick in the ON position and would not cycle the light at all . The second cap seemed to work the same way as my original tail cap , intermittently malfunctioning . I replaced the new caps with my original one , as it 's incident of malfunction was less frequentThis is an interesting light . It would be great if it turned on 100 % of the time and one did n't have to worry about it shutting itself off at inconvenient times . I would certainly say , that as an emergency tool , this is NOT the light . Police and military personnel would be ill served and possibly endangered by the intermittent malfunction of this light . I 'm keeping my light , but I am certainly disappointed in its function especially in light of it 's price .
 I did n't have any luck with this product . BUT the seller took care of me promptly and without any static . I give the seller five stars for sure!If you do buy this , you can rest assured you 're not going to get hosed . You 'll be taken care of . And really , the one I got may have just been the one bum unit ?
 I purchased this product locally , because I needed it right away . the store did n't have many router bits , but thankfully , it had the bit I needed . Better yet , it had a good name on it . I 'm leery of buying bits with an off name on them , because you get what you pay for.I brought it home . I put my Porter Cable bit into my Porter Cable router , which is attached to my Porter Cable router table . I set up my cut , 3/8 inches deep 3/4 inches from the fence . I 'm going nice and slow , because I 'm not using a feather board , and I want to keep the board against the fence . about 6 feet into my cut , the router bit snaps . I was routing a groove in a PINE 2 by 4 . PINE ! It was n't even treated pine . then I looked closer at the package ... Made in Taiwan . If I wanted a cheap peace o crap made in Taiwan or China , I 'd have gone to one of those stores that sells cheap crap from China or Taiwan.Save your money , and find another brand of bit .
 Once you turn on the water handheld portion falls out of the shallow bracket . The cord is very stiff and keeps the sprayer from seating all the way making it impossible to shower unless you are holding the sprayer . It has already worked loose at the connector and leaking . Manufacture did not design or test product in the real world . Save your money .
 I purchased a PR5200X about a year ago for around $ 20.00 . First , I must agree with David Hall 's review . The design of this product is abysmal.Second , after 8 months of use , the 1-1/2 inch threaded ring that couples the bracket/swivel ball assembly split . This happened in the middle of a shower , and the water pressure literally propelled the bracket into my side , leaving a bruise.Third , this product has a 5-year warranty . However , when I contacted Pollenex/Conair concerning the broken part , I was told to send the entire product to their Arizona service center for replacement . This sounded OK at first , but then I was informed that I would have to pay for the shipping to get it to them -LRB- about $ 7.50 -RRB- * AND * that I must enclose a $ 3.00 check with the product for shipping back to me . I was stunned ! I then asked if I could n't just pop the broken coupler ring into an envelope , and they could just replace the part . They said no , I must return the entire product . My response was one of disbelief , that I was going to be out over $ 10.00 to replace a $ 0.25 proprietary Pollenex part , for a product worth only $ 20.00 new . They said there was nothing else they could do . I informed them that I considered their warranty to be worthless.Needless to say , I will * NEVER * purchase another Pollenex and/or Conair product !!!
 Very poor design on this Pollenex hand held . Constantly falls off wall mount while in use , could cause injury such as broken bones in foot ! Notice how 95 % of the mass and weight of the shower head rises above the wall attachment . Very poor design , apparently designed by someone who does n't know much about physics or gravity . Avoid this one and look for a model or brand that attaches to wall mount more securely by attaching higher up the handle , not the very bottom !
 I picked up one of these and it was nothing but trouble . The sprayer wo n't stay in the base . It 's a bit hard to soap up when you have to hold a sprayer in one hand . Unfortunately it 's not a defective unit . It 's just a very poor design .
 Pollenex PR5200XR 5-Setting Handheld ShowerheadI have the PR5200XR model , which is similar to the PR5200X.Pros : The package is not a plastic shell casing and is easy to open.The showerhead was very easy to install . The package even included some teflon tape.There are 5 control settings for the shower spray , one of which is the pause spray . The pause spray saves time instead of turning the water off completely and resetting the water temperature again.Cons : The showerhead is very heavy , bulky , and fat . Holding it is like awkwardly holding a potato while you shower . I prefer a thinner and consistently flat grip.The protruding rubber outlets of water will easily scratch your skin if you rub against it.The control settings are difficult to change . You have to slowly grip and twist the entire rubber knob until you hear or feel a click . If twisted too fast , you may skip some settings and will have to reverse direction to find the preferred setting.The showerhead does not have the narrow spray setting that I prefer.I later uninstalled this showerhead and installed a different product and model showerhead . I replaced this with a Peerless 3-Spray Hand Showerhead -LRB- Model 76304 -RRB- .
 The blade I needed was for a Stqanley 378 plane and these blades did n't work . Thanks , Rhio
 Would not recommend any MOEN product . Craftmanship was horrible . Cheaply made . Parts were missing and wrong parts included in the box .
 This faucet is exactly what i wanted , but it did n't come with the complete kit so that it could be installed . What you see above the counter top is what you get with this set . I had to go to my local home improvement store and buy a moen faucet that was a different finish , just to get the necessary pieces to complete the installation .
 Have yet to use the bit . I received the bit in the mail and was surprised to see the condition of the protective case inside the mailer box . The case looked pretty beat up , was broken and taped back together , obviously shipped this way . Looks like maybe it had been kicked around the warehouse floor for a while before someone finally picked it up and put some tape over the missing pieces of the case . The bit does not appear to be damaged but I will be careful the first time I flip the switch , 10,000 rpm is worthy of respect even with proven bits .
 I bought this to hang new doors in old openings with my PC hinge template . Never used it !! Way too expensive for what you get . You are better off using one hinge template , a good tape measure and a sharp pencil . You will need more than one and all in different sizes . Do n't waste your money .
 No problem with Amazon . Item came very fast and just as described . Problem is that the rebuild kit did nothing to correct the problem with my nailer . I installed all of the parts as per the schematic , and this gun still mis-fires every other shot . Guess the gun is only good for two years of service . Rebuild kit was authentic from Porter Cable , but was a waste of money . My advice , buy a new nailer . That 's what I did .
 I bought the Dewalt DW616PKR to replace a Craftsman that must be 20 years old at least . The Craftsman , which I bought at a yard sale , uses no-longer-available brushes and I was afraid it would quit mid-job with no way to fix it . So I looked for a new state-of-the-art replacement . Hah ! If there is such an animal , it 's not the Dewalt.The Craftsman has a nice bright work light built in -LRB- so nice -RRB- , a `` trigger '' on/off switch on the handle -LRB- so convenient -RRB- , and a one-wrench bit changing system -LRB- not great , but I like it -RRB- . Rated at only 8 amps , it nonetheless has plenty of power.The Dewalt has none of these wonderful features -LRB- except the power - but not much more that I can notice -RRB- , and I ca n't see that any advances have been made since that old Craftsman was made.Yeah , it 's nice having the plunge base , but I know how to do plunges without that if I have to . And the Dewalt surely will last for years ... but so what ? I do n't like the thing . It was n't designed with the forethought of that old Craftsman.I 'm gon na use the Craftsman until its brushes give out , and then I guess I 'll have to , unhappily , get used to the Dewalt .
 I bought this reconditioned router a month or so ago from Amazon . I made a trip recently to my local Lowes -LRB- blue guys -RRB- and found that for slightly less than $ 20 more , I could buy a brand new one.Although it was clean and free if wood dust , there were obvious signs of wear and use as the base was scratched , so was the plastic body . I do n't know how much abuse this router had taken before it came into my hands , but I think for 10 % more , I would have purchased a brand new router.I give it 2 stars because it is a good router nevertheless .
 One big problem with these Porter Cable sanding discs -- they do n't stick enough to the pad . Only after pressing very inch of the discs onto the pad firmly that I managed to get the discs to stay on the sander , a PC 333V . The Mirka discs that I bought stick to the pad much better .
 Please be aware that this item is NOT A MOTION SENSOR FLOOD LIGHT AS SHOWN . I received my order of two and the lights did not have a motion sensor device . I am returning both of them becuase they are not as described on the order page .
 used for less than a year and it died.Switch to a Bosch ,100 % better and still going after heavy use.Much better product , you can hear and feel the differance .
 I got these hooks from a local retailer and the hook broke off within a week of using it . I used it on my office desk to hang my keys -LRB- 5 keys and a car transmitter -RRB- which weigh 3.3 oz -LRB- yes , I weighed them -RRB- . The magnet is pretty weak also . With my keys on the hook , it slides down a little on the metal surface before it stops . If I lightly bump the desk with my knee , the hook will completely slide off the desk . Unfortunately , there was no indication of a weight limitation on these hooks .
 Especially ineffective mounted on vertical surface - intended use on side of fridge to hold ladles - would either slide down and/or fall off whenever I hang a utensil - seem to be stronger when mounted under a horizontal surface .
 They hold absolutely nothing . They fall off the fridge with no weight put upon them . One even came with a broken hook .
 I bought these hooks to hang grilling tools on my BBQ grill.The magnets are great ... very strongUnfortunately in less than a week the hooks began rusting.I suspect they will soon become , weeping , rusting attachments to my grill.Too bad . I 'd have paid double to have them stainless , non rusting versions .
 Great concept but poor execution . When I try to put my keys on the hook , the whole thing just slides down . To try to fix the problem , I have to put a strong magnet under the magnetic hook , but even then , it still slides and little and often falls off completely . Disappointing ...
 A waste of natural resources . These wo n't hold anything . Bought a set to hang fabric decoration -LRB- patriotic red , white and blue poly-cotton bunting -RRB- from the edge of the steel roof on our house . Dismal result . Do n't waste your time and money on this item .
 Paper falls off after a few minutes of use , then cant be re-attached . I want a paper that comes off when I take it off , not whenever it feels like it . . Stick to Norton .
 Ordered the wrong item . I thought I was ordering reflective tape that I could put on my life vests . Should have read more carefully . Probably good for its set purpose , but I did n't read closely enough , since it was combined with other kinds of tape . Ate the loss ! Probably can find a friend to give it to .
 Bad experience with product . The charge light would show fully charged when first plugged into outlet . Light would never turn on .
 I was very disappointed with this lantern . I was looking for a bright handy flashlight that was rechargeable . No easy task.There are not many on the market to choose from.The `` Built in AC Charger '' is a plug that sticks out of one end of the unit . It took a few tries , but eventually I found an extension cord that fit on the unit so I could charge it.The unit is bulky , the on/off switch is not intuitive or sensible.I gave it 2 stars because , well , the light is nice ...
 After about year I could only get about 40 minutes run time out of the flashlight . It died when I needed it most!I felt as though it was always switching to charge mode to bring the battery up to capacity . Took forever to charge in the car , so I 'd bring it in and charge it through the AC if I drained it down completely . Replaced with a streamlight product .
 I was looking to purchase an outdoor Rechargeable and powerful Flashlight / spotlight . Although the casing looks to be durable the main function which is a bright and concentrated light beam is missing , why would you want to carry a heavy few ponder if you could get the same performance from a simple flashlight . very disappointing .
 The pad on the leg leveler has the reverse sideways bevel of the ladder leg it is to replace , regardless of which side you put it on or which end of the leveler you use . The result is that the entire ladder weight on the side of the leveler , instead of being spread across the entire pad with a properly beveled pad , will instead only be on the very EDGE of the pad . This simply is UNSAFE on any smooth surface and will result in instability and injury ! Little Giant KNOWS about the problem and has known about it for 20 years and refuses to do anything about it , even though it would be very easy to make a mirror image of the regular ladder pad mold for the leg leveler pad which mounts inside out on the main leg it is extending ! Do NOT buy this defective product and endanger yourself or anyone who might use it . This is an accident ready to happen ! My research indicates that similar Werner ladder levelers for Warner ladders do NOT have this defect and are 1000 % safer because of proper safety design to ensure the entire pad is in contact with the ground for your safety ! If you * do * insist upon buying this Little Giant Ladder Leg Leveler , please also get the name of a good personal injury lawyer , because you will need it !!!! Then sue the pants off Little Giant to get them to fix the problem so no one else gets injured !!!
 This product simply does not work ! I 'm confused how there are any good reviews for it on amazon because it honesty is horribly designed and is not very functional ether .
 Beware ! This product ONLY fits a Little Giant ladder ... so it while it looks like a terrific solution to a problem such as painting a stairwell , it 's really not unless you happen to already own the same brand equipment . I had to return the product and eat the shipping cost .
 I bought this faucet 7 months ago . Recently I discovered the faucet was leaking under the cabinet for more than a week . The faucet has a tendency to leak where the hose attaches to the faucet wand . This connection pivots with a ball join and has a rubber washer that will wear and is not replaceable . If you do not pull the wand out very often -LRB- I do n't -RRB- it may be leaking for some time before you discover the leak . When I called Moen they assured me that I have a life time warranty and they would send me a replacement hose but it would be two weeks because the hose is back ordered . I do not recommend this faucet . In time the hose/wand connection will surely leak and damage your property . It seems Moen is sending out so many replacement hoses they are unable to keep them in stock . If you have this faucet cut the fitting off the end of the hose and replace it with a hose barb adapter with a 1/4 '' barb and a 3/8 FIP fitting . Other than this issue I have no problem with this faucet . Hope this helps.Update Feb 2012Since I wrote the original review , Moen has sent me 2 new hoses for this faucet . I installed the first hose and was disappointed that the faucet still leaked . I called them back and they decided to send another hose and an o-ring . The hose has an o-ring at the faucet end but there is also one at that fits inside the end of the wand and acts as a spacer . This one was missing . With this o-ring in place and the new hose the faucet seem to be leak free for now . Also the new hose has a white plastic washer between the ball and coupling that connects to the wand . I 'm thinking this will prove more durable than the black rubber one on the first hose . If this fix holds up than I would up the rating to 3 stars . Still upset about the first leaks and water damage it caused .
 I have had this faucet for only about 2 1/2 years and today I opened my cabinet door to find all of my pots full of water . The faucet has been leaking from the inside and just running into the sink for sometime , but today it completely burst . I expect a $ 150 faucet to last much longer than this !!!! To beat all , I have the original UPC and model # off the box , but no receipt to claim the lifetime warranty . Will NEVER buy Moen again .
 I tried to save a few dollars in purchasing a number of Stanley products ... what a foolish mistake ... I should have gone with the better products -LRB- Klein , for example -RRB- ... this is nothing beyond mediocre .
 I tried to save a few dollars in purchasing a number of Stanley products ... what a foolish mistake ... I should have gone with the better products -LRB- Klein , for example -RRB- ... this is nothing beyond mediocre .
 Hydrofarm failed to ship the product . When I contacted them 2 months later , they sent me a lesser product -LRB- 60 watt -RRB- , promising to send the 150 watt version when available . They never did this .
 people who are planning on buying this light im telling you know dont i ordered the 150 watt light kit from amazon itself and i received the 60 watt light kit but i was charged for the 150 watt light these guys shipping the items are idiots plus the clamp is soooo stupid its impossible to put together i had to use tape to hold it together anyone whose planning on buying this just buy your grow light at like a hardware store or something
 I wanted to see if my orchid -LRB- second time orchidist , first was a black thumb of death -RRB- would do better in my poorly lit apartment through the cold Chicago winter , with some artificial light assistance . The orchid seemed to be flourishing under this lamp , its a shame that the bulb died in the cheapo fixture after three weeks !!! The bulb did n't just die mind you , nope , the cheap fixture with loose fittings allowed the bulb housing to rotate and loosen further . When I went to tighten the bulb and its housing , the bulb had been assembled with such poor adhesive that the glass piece came off whole from its base that was screwed into the housing in the aforementioned badly assembled from subpar parts fixture !!! How was that for a run on sentence that can be summarized as skip this product that is sold at this price for a definite reason .
 Received the lamp yesterday . Bulb was broken and can not find a local replacement . Very disappointing .
 The item description states that the bulb lasts 3000 hours . Mine lasted approximately 288 hours -LRB- 16 hrs/day for about 18 days -RRB- . At $ 10 per bulb , I 'm extremely frustrated . I 'd bother asking for a replacement only - now that I 'm reading the reviews for the actual bulb - it 's a quality issue & the replacements do n't last , either . To make the purchase having been even less worthwhile , the websites of the 2 major brick - & - mortar building supply stores only list bulbs of up to 120-watts .
 I have owned four of these 150 watt bulbs from Hydrofarm . The one that lasted the longest worked for 26 days . Two of the dead bulbs separated from their bases when I tried to take them out of the fixtures ; one of the two broke.The packaging said the bulbs are guaranteed for a year . When I contacted Hydrofarm to claim under the guarantee , their initial position was that the bulbs were from a defective batch , so all they 'd do is `` replace '' them -- but with a different product.After some back and forth they are sending me new set of Dayspots , allegedly a new and improved version . I 'm looking forward to finding out of the improvements are real , because my plants loved the first set of bulbs -LRB- while they worked -RRB- . Update
 Upon buying this lamp , make sure you purchase a few light bulbs . The bulb will go out in 10 days usually . No wonder it is so cheap .
 The lamp housing looks and feels very well made but the bulb from agro-sun burned out after about 10 days . Not cool !
 I bought two and both have come apart . Its a light so it does n't get rough use . I would not buy again .
 Makes up for a negative side-effect of the Little Giant ladder design . Because of the way the ladders have telescoping sections , the steps are very narrow , which can be painful to stand on for any length of time.The downside is that this platform is kludgy , awkward , and a little scary to use.You insert the platform so that it hangs inside the ladder , climb the ladder to the rung above the platform , then use your foot to push the platform outward into position -LRB- watching to make sure that the lip on the platform is locked safely over the lower rung -RRB- , finally you step down onto the platform.There are two notched arms that hang on each end of the outer edge of the platform . You can see them in the closeup photo on this site . The murky photos in the directions attempt to show the arms being used somehow with the platform to make a second A-frame ladder when the Little Giant ladder is separated . When handling the platform , and when I tried the platform for a couple of minutes , the two arms were always in the way.The platform floor is perforated , but is not smooth as shown in the main photo . The round holes on the unit I got are punched with a tall , sharp upward rim , so that the platform is serrated like a cheese grater . Should be safer but not as comfortable to stand on.My Little Giant ladder is made very well . It is beautifully designed and depends on solid connections , not welds . However , the safety of this platform depends on two end-on welds of curved tubing to the two side brackets . Probably fine , but those two welds make me nervous.Returning the platform . I should have looked more closely at the close-up photo on this site .
 First of all , this product is compatible with only little giant ladder , not with the other brand , which are usually a lot cheaper.With their suggestion that this one is compatible with the other brand , I bought , but found out it 's not safe with other brand . I tried to return them for refund , but their customer service rep refused to offer refund.At Home Depot , you can buy Gorilla brand ladder , Made in China , with almost same function for half price.Anyway , is Made in USA better than Made in China these days , when tons of Chinese products are all over place for our daily life ?
 I love my little giant ladder , but this platform was a disappointment . It is only useful in a-frame configuration . What i needed was an adjustable platform for working as an extention ladder or in 90 degree configs .
 First item was defective . Amazon replaced immediately . Second Maasdam 600S arrived within a few days . Problem with this cable puller is it only pulls in cable one click at at time . Spoke with manufacturer to ask about this issue , the response is that this model only ratchets 1 '' at a time . Even though you swing the handle at full rotation , the drum only catches one knotch link . Bear in mind that pulling in line will take many wasteful and time consuming swings , let alone you will be exhausted by just pulling in a few feet of line.Did I mention how heavy this brute is . Returned item immediately and found a much better replacement for a similar price . A huge was of time , Amazon was the only 5 star in this rating as they handled the purchase efficiently and were very understanding . Will only buy online from Amazon .
 I bought this from Amazon who has always been great on returns and said they will take this back THANK YOU AMAZON.I spent three hours installing this on my furnace . It worked for 10 minutes . I called customer service at HONEYWELL and they said they would do nothing to resolve my issue . The tech guy was FRIENDLY UNTIL I told him this was under warranty and he could not sell me a $ 10 valve for $ 101 . Told me to call where I bought it and had nothing else to say.I contacted amazon and they printed a return label for me thanks Amazon .
 more then half the parts were missing from the box can not be installed without them so item is useless a total rip off
 After 18 months the transformer on this died . We had a furnace tech over to do some furnace maintenance and he found the issue in the humidifier . The transformer is not replaceable , you have the replace the entire board . Honeywell sells the board for $ 97 + shipping . The furnace guy , when adding labor wanted over $ 200 to fix it , more than I paid for it . I ended up buying the part myself and plan on installing it next week . Do yourself a favor and buy a different brand humidifier .
 I got this humidifier , since I 'm having a new baby I wanted to have this item very soon , so I got it on time , I contracted a qualified tech to install it , for my surprise , it did n't work . He went a extra mile trying to find the reason why it was n't working , he find that the solenoid valve -LRB- the valve that send the water up to the grid -RRB- was n't functioning.Having this unit installed , I decided to contact the seller directly , they try to help me getting Honeywell involve , Honeywell customer support is horrible , they wanted me to test the humidifier , checking voltage and other tech info , I 'm not a HAVC technician ???? After a few days waiting and my baby is almost here I decided to return the whole item and buy a diferent brand name .
 I should have paid more attention to the negative reviews , as I 'm very dissappointed and have returned this humidifier . Also , Home Depot has pulled this model from their shelves and Honeywell has substituted it with a `` new & improved '' version -LRB- HE360A -RRB- , which of course sells for $ 90.00 more than the HE360.I wanted to hard wire it with the furnace to avoid the mechanical `` sail switch '' . The hard wire instructions were confusing to say the least so I hired an electrician to do the job . After one week of operation the unit failed to work.Since I had to wait for the electician to schedule my install -LRB- 50 days after the purchase date -RRB- Amazon 's return policy would not pay for the return shipping which was $ 28.00 . I dropped this off a the UPS store today , paid the shipping cost and hopefully will get a refund for humidifier.Should have stayed with April Aire , and will never consider Honeywell again . I 'm now out the shipping $ 28.00 and the electrician bill of $ 75.00 .
 I specifically got this unit because it was the more expensive one among the ones I was comparing . Worked great for about a month and then the main control board went bad . Got the replacement board and everything worked well for the rest of the winter months . Now after one month of use this year the unit is dead again . Extreeeeemly disapointed to say the least .
 I bought this unit 5 yrs.ago.I have installed 1 fan motor and main board both had burnt out . My next humidifier will be an Aprilaire which is more durable.This product is not worth the money or time installing .
 I bought this unit and installed it into the hole in the ducting that my Aprilaire unit was in . Installation was pretty straighforward but the instructions are confusing.The first unit stopped working after 30 minutes . I returned it and the second unit stopped working after three days . A little research online showed that the transformer inside this unit is defective and burns out easily . I opened it up and indeed the transformer was burnt out . Not wanting to return it yet again , I removed the circuit board and transformer from the old Aprilaire unit and plugged it into the Honeywell unit and now it is functioning . -LRB- Please do not try this if you are n't familiar with electrical wiring ! -RRB- This product should really be recalled . Avoid at all costs . Honeywell should be ashamed to place such a product on the market especially since this problem has been known for years and they continue to ignore it .
 I was tired of refilling room humidifiers every night , so I installed this unit . Installation was fairly easy and straightforward , and the unit came with everything needed to install except 1/4 '' copper tube . However , even when it 's set to maximum humidity -LRB- 60 -RRB- , it simply does n't add a lot of moisture to the air . To check , I ran the water supply from a 5-gallon bucket instead of the hot water pipe , and after 24 hours it had used about 3 gallons of water , and had n't made a difference to the humidistat , which read 25 % . This is in an 1800 s.f. uninsulated -LRB- but not drafty -RRB- old house , where the heat runs frequently as it 's currently in the teens outside . The other problem is that it uses an enormous amount of water . For the 3 gallons that are sent into the heating ducts , another 15 or so goes down the drain . I checked this by running the drain into a 5-gallon container and it filled up in less than 8 hours . I will probably shut it off and never use it , so for me it was a big waste of money and effort .
 ARGH !!!! Water starts flowing as soon as the unit was plugged in !!! After messing with this unit for two hours trying to figure out why the unit does n't operate properly , I noticed that the unit was in fact miswired . The head unit red wires were connected directly to the blue solenoid wires , and activated the solenoid without any signal from the humidistat . What a POS !
 I was going back and forth whether I should buy an April Aire or Honeywell and decided to go with the Honeywell due to price . I installed it myself which was n't bad and it worked great all season . Just last week I went to turn it on and it did n't work . After speaking with tech support I was told I had a malfunctioned transformer assembly . My unit was 3 days out of my 1 year warranty . I was pretty much told by tech support sorry but we only stand by our product for one year . He gave me an email to customer support to email with my complaint . As of now I would NOT recommend buying this humidifier . Like I said it worked great but when I spend more than $ 200 on anything I would like it to be a good product . Oh by the way the hunidifier I replaced was 20 years old and still working . -LRB- April Aire -RRB- Hopefully customer support will get back to me with a positive resolution . Good luck !!
 I recently had this humidifier installed . I suffer from dry skin and thought a whole house humidifier was the way to go . I also replaced my heating and AC unit 3 months ago , and later had the Honeywell humidifier installed . I told the salesman that I wanted to keep my house between 50 % and 60 % relative humidity during the winter -LRB- which I 'll admit is high -RRB- and he assured me that would not be a problem with this unit.Despite the thermostat being set to the maximum humidity -LRB- 60 % -RRB- the humidity rose from 34 % to 41 % in two days ... big deal . I could make some tea and put more moisture into the air . The humidity never passed 45 % . I have an 1800 sq. ft. ranch . It 's still too dry in my house .
 I originally bought this product from lowe 's and hired a professional to install it . Turned out it was broken . Had to pay the pro to come back and remove the system . Returned it to Lowe 's and they no longer carry it . Ordered it from Amazon . Paid the pro to come back and install this one . The water was flowing , but we found out the entire humidifier pad , frame , distribution tray and feed nozzle were missing . Amazon helped me to replace them . Once i received the parts , i put them in - hoping to not pay for a fourth visit from the pro . Everything fit , but now no water is flowing . Nothing works on it . So disappointed ! My pro said this is the worst system setup he 's ever seen .
 I 've had the unit in operation for about 3 weeks , with minimal impact on the humidity level in my house . Based on the size of the house , this unit should be more than adequate . However , using the humidistat as an indicator , the humidity level -LRB- the point at which the humidistat energizes the humidifier -RRB- is unchanged . The unit is operational , the filter is installed as instructed , and water flows from the drain , so I 'm not sure why the poor performance .
 We also got tired of filling room humidifeiers and had this one installed into our forced air system . I have digital humudity meter in the house and with the Honeywell set to 60 % we only get up to 33 % in the winter . The house without the humidifier was around 25 % humidity . We had a different system in our old house and when we turned that up to 60 % it would fog the windows . The old system was an Aprilaire , but it was also a diferent type that got installed on the exhaust side of the furnace , the Honeywell installs in the ductwork before the furnace . I even ran hot water from the water heater to the Honeywell hoping it would evaporate faster , but I did n't see any changes in the humidity . If I had to do it over I would buy a unit that mounts on the exhaust side again . In the meantime I am back to running room humidifiers in the kids rooms .
 Like many others , I bought this because I was tired of refilling humidifiers in the winter , particular for our toddler 's room . Had it professionally installed -LRB- was hard to find someone to do this because it requires someone comfortable with electric work and HVAC , plus a little plumbing . -RRB- Probably could have installed it myself but I prefer letting the pros handle stuff like this.It keeps the humidity at around 40-45 % , so it does work , but 2 warnings :1 -RRB- As others have mentioned , it wastes a TON of water . They really should have designed it differently ... it should have a sprayer head that sprays a mist into the duct , so that it only uses what it needs . Instead , it 's a waterfall over a radiator-like filter , and all the excess just goes down the drain .2 -RRB- The installer did n't run the drain line in a steady downhill slope -- there was a slight twist upward -- and as a result , the water would n't drain , it backed up at the hose connection to the humidifier and leaked through the ceiling , causing us to have to replace a bunch of drywall . Again , poor design , too prone to issues . It also leaked at the saddle valve that you use to tap into the water supply in the attic . Also the compression fitting at the humidifier leaked a bit . I hate compression fittings , they 're so finicky ... I think I stopped them all from dripping now . In order to deal with possible future leaks , I put a big aluminum buffet serving tray -LRB- the disposable kind -RRB- underneath the humidifier and another under the tap into the water supply , and in each tray I put a battery-powered water sensor alarm . So if it leaks again -- which it has -- it sounds a loud alarm that we can hear in the house .
 Went through 3 units and each one had an issue with the motherboard and did not work . Called customer support and they were NO HELP AT ALL ! Spoke with someone from India who you could barely understand . Was told to call an HVAC company and have them look at the unit and see what was the matter . VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . Uninstalled the unit and went with another brand .
 The template for cutting the hole in the furnace is WAY too big . Do not use it . The instructions are for a different model
 I ordered it a month ago , it arrived 3 weeks ago , and I still ca n't use it . After I assembled it -LRB- it did only take 30 minutes -RRB- it turned out that the latch mechanism that holds the dumping bed down wo n't latch . They were nice on the phone and sent me a new redesigned latch that still does n't work . I have been waiting another 2 weeks since the last call for a new latch to show up . So , they have had my money for a month and I still ca n't use the cart . The other problem is that it has already started to rust . I 'm beginning to wonder if I should have looked for something else .
 Ordinarily you use a belt sander to remove a fair amount of stock otherwise you would use a random orbital or finish sander . With that goal in mind this sander is underpowered , poorly balanced and just does n't meet expectations for using this type of sander .
 I 've had a couple of these units , and both of them had the belt break after six to eight months of use . You can get a new belt for twelve bucks , and it is n't hard to put in , but after a couple belts you get frustrated and annoyed . Spend the bucks for a better quality unit .
 I purchased this sander to do some medium duty sanding/stripping on doors and woodwork . Overall , it was a tight little sander , very comfortable to hold and operate . The belts , like on the other Makita models , were easy to load and use . Material removal was decent , but the 5.6 A motor may be too small for the weekend wannabe contractor . The 5 belts that came with it were a good selling point , too.But after only an 45 min to an hour of use , the motor began to spark at high rpm and no load . White sparks were visible through the motor vent on the side , and there was a definite loss of motor torque . This went along with a popping sound coming from the sander -LRB- and my lights flickering in my house -RRB- . I 'm guessing the motor was shorting to the brushes at high speed.Needless to say , I was very disappointed in this tool and luckily was able to return it . I would opt for a higher amp motor and a different brand sander like I did .
 I was so excited to get this tape . I have been looking for a long time for a tape that would stick , not let the paint bleed through , and that would come off clean . Well , that did n't happen . The tape does stick good . As a matter of fact , it sticks so good that it took the finish off of my wood trim when I removed the tape , and it had only been on one day . The paint also bled through in spots . I made sure that I ran my fingers over the edge I needed sealed , it was firmly stuck in place before I painted . I will not be using the rest of this roll , I am very disappointed in it 's performance . The tape caused more work instead of helping with my paint project .
 I was not impressed by this tape . I would compare it to generic home store brand tape . In comparison , I prefer the original 3M Scotch brand . Performance-wise , I would give it 3 stars , however considering it is more expensive than the Scotch brand which I think performs better , I knock it down to 2 stars . For general-purpose work , I prefer Scotch , which I would give 4 stars , and if I 'm really worried about performance and a tight seal/bleeding , I would use Frog tape which I think is also cheaper -LRB- depending on where you buy it -RRB- .
 Does not go in the toilet completely because the snake is not secured to the handling tube . Trying to get it in the toilet was an exercise in futility . Also it does not have a plastic handle on the metal tube to grip while turning the crank , as depicted in the photograph that came with the unit . Further it scratches the toilet and leaves black streaks that wo n't come off with commercial bowl cleaners . Being returned .
 I ordered one of these when it was on sale for $ 3 , and it probably was still a waste of money . I have n't used the sketch feature , but that 's because the first time I tried to use it , I could tell that it was very cheaply made and the way they have the inches marked on the tape is difficult to read .
 tend to retrack on its own with brute force , it hurts mad if you do n't let go quick .
 So , here 's my story . I did purchase one of these products in March of 2012 through Amazon.com LLC , because it was the lowest price AND did qualify for free shipping . By June of 2012 , though , the circulator had stopped circulating . When I contacted Amazon , I was informed that the product could not be returned or exchanged , because too many days had elapsed . Amazon said to contact Grundfos regarding any warranty.I did just that and was told -LRB- this is pasted from them -RRB- `` I 'm afraid that Grundfos does not permit the online sale of our pumps so no authorized distributors would be selling them online , that we are aware of . If you reply to the seller and ask them to submit a warranty request we might get lucky , however . If it is indeed one of our distributors selling online , all warranties would have to go through them . The pump you are talking about has a 36 month warranty if sold through an authorized distributor . `` In response , I sent Grundfos the link to Amazon , which lists six online sellers . And I told them that I would write this review . Done . Buyer beware .
 I am giving a one star rating since the pump arrived without a three speed setting or a built-in check valve . The description describes the pump as having these features . Pump is going back !
 Got two of these for my parents home boiler system to replace the same ones they had -LRB- they had just got the house and they were broken -RRB- . They installed them in the beginning of the year , and now in oct they went out ! My dad does this for a living so we know it was not an installment problem . It is just past the return date from amazon ...
 Very small channel for the 2 feed-thru wires -LRB- neutral + ground -RRB- . Any wires with even medium thickness insulation are a struggle . Broke two units trying to make it work .
 This motor was in my attic for just under 4 years before it seized a month ago . My builder had put this in my new home , no doubt the cheapest thing on the market . I removed the motor from inside the attic , it was n't fun but I got it out and was surprised at the small size and lightness in weight of the motor.I could have replaced it with the same but went to Home Depot and they had one type of replacement motor on the shelf . In comparison to the original motor , it was about 2/3 heavier and longer but about the same in circumference . The replacement fit perfectly in the bracket in the attic.The new motor quality appears far superior to the original I replaced . Also , it has sealed bearings and brushless in design . I am not sure of the Lomanco model having these features but I am guessing it does n't . Regardless , the Lomanco model died in just a few years and quality motors typically last 20 years .
 6 years = 3 motors.I had the misfortune of having a Lomanco fan installed with my new house . Of course to work best it is in the highest , hottest , most difficult to access portion of the roof . Well , I am now and expert a changing out the Lomanco fan motors since they fail -LRB- seize up -RRB- approximately every 2 years . House if 6 years old and I just replaced my third motor.Bad enough but what torques me even a little more is these units are remote and hard to get to . So , you do n't even know when they fail . For all I know , the motor failed months ago and I have been burning up my shingles and AC units to deal with the high attic temps . I someone offered a heavy duty motor = it would be worth the $ 15 bucks to be able to rely on the attic fan working.So , I am planning on converting this Piece of Stuff to use a gable fan which I 'll mount flush below the roof board but use the existing roof hole , critter screen , and roof cap . Hopefully Broan makes better motors.If you are going to stick with your Lomanco motors , buy six motors and store them near your attic fan . You change them out just about as frequently as the oil in your lawn tractor .
 My new Motor lasted all but 6 months . In the Northeast ! I replaced it yesterday -LRB- 91 deg . F - OUTSIDE -RRB- . My thinking is as follows
 Installed the motor on a weekend . Took under 10 minutes . Checked to see if all was well the following weekend and it wasnt working . Took it back out and returned it to Lomanco . I 'm waiting on a new one . Hope I have better luck with this new one .
 These disks explode after several minutes of use . We bought a box of 50 , used 3-4 and then set them aside.USE THESE DISKS AT YOUR OWN RISK - you better be wearing this leather welder bib or it 's going to hurt .
 This is a well-built product for the price . I 've had one hanging in my garage for just over a year and have had no problems with the ratcheting feature . However the hose has developed cracks and is now leaking . After discovering the hose leaking I carefully inspected it and found several cracks along the length of the hose . The reel is not longer a good deal if you have to replace the hose within a year ... I also have a version of this reel made by Cyclone Pneumatic hanging in my shop for about three years and have had no issues with it .
 I have tried to order this item 2x and called the distributer who told me it was discontinued . It should be taken off the web site .
 I purchased 5 of these and opened 3 so far that all have started to leak . The product is junk but the seller was awesome and refunded my money and told me to keep them because it was cheaper than returning them . I will buy from Northern Tool & Equipment again . Thanks
 I submitted a large order for these bits but was very disappointed . In a one day project , I BROKE over a dozen of these bits . I was screwing new 2 '' zinc screws with a 14.4 volt Rigig cordless drill on low-speed/high torque -LRB- the correct setting for screwing -RRB- . It is the tip of the bit that breaks off .
 This bit is too hard and the tip broke off after about five uses and destroyed the screw I was using . I do n't recommend it .
 This does not have 9 outlets , just 3 outlets . I was trying to replace a 9 outlet for me tree . Returned this .
 This is a good light fixture with a nice brushed stainless steel look . The lenses are big and heavy , providing good dispersion of the light , but they do n't completely hide the bulb centers so there is a brighter light source . I love lights that seem to glow instead of those that are obviously hiding a bulb , but maybe for most people this is n't a problem . It installs easily with all of the hardware included -LRB- drywall anchors , wire nuts , pigtails -RRB- except maybe one wire or screw for the ground wires which would have been nice.The lenses slip on really easily and bulbs can be changed in a few seconds because the lens clasp is spring-based and not screw on , so you just push out the lens , swap the bulb and then push the lens back into place.My other gripe is that it uses the smaller , T bulbs which are going to be harder to find in CFL . The 3 60w bulbs included are a bit bright for the mood lighting I want so I 'm going to replace them with lower lumen compacts , but I like the yellow light produced by the lenses , so that 's a limitation.One problem with the spring holders for the lenses is that I 'm not sure this would work upside down , like over a sink for a true vanity light . They seem to hold firm , but I would n't trust them inverted unless the mfg. specifically lists it as a use.UPDATE
 Avoid this company like the plaque . You need to plan on spending $ 200 every 3 to 4 years for repairs . As another reviewer stated their warranty is terrible . Parts are expensive and their shipping is riiculous . I have had to same part fail me twice and had a customer service rep admit that they had a manufacture problem with some of those parts , but still insisted I pay $ 117 dollars for parts and $ 75 dollars shipping overnight . And the worst part is the part was n't shipped overnight . Said there was some confusion , but still demanded I pay $ 75 dollars shipping . Again do not buy from this company they will not stand behind their product .
 Seisco RA-32 Electric Tankless Water HeaterI moved into a house with one of these installed , house was about six months old when I bought it , this was installed when it was built . After a year , four sensors had to be replaced -- one was leaking at the o-ring , had to buy the sensors , I live where the manufacturer is in Houston , so about a 45 min drive to go there and 45 min back home . Six months later , same thing , two more sensors . A year later , heating element , water not heating evenly . Thing goes out of warranty , more sensors , heating element . Change all these parts , still not working , tech support tells me has to be the motherboard , but he 's NEVER seen one go bad , VERY rare ? REALLY ? Cause I changed it out and now THREE MONTHS later , it is fried again.As I write this , I have plumbers installing a hot water tank and pulling out the Seisco junk-box . The amount of money that I have spent on parts , plumbers , electricians , gas and time off of work would have paid for two systems in the time that I have had to deal with this train-wreck of a product . Buyer BEWARE , HORRIBLE product , the staff in the office are very nice , but this product is a piece of junk and so is the warranty . Save yourself some grief and money -- if you go tankless do NOT get this one !
 My husband 's a plumber , so when we built our house we wanted all new eco-friendly appliances . This looked perfect . Right off the bat we were having problems and needed to reset it often . But then it started not resetting and my husband had to keep working on it , he has talked with the manufacturer often . This month it is much worse . It starts alarming and making a horrible sound -LRB- I thought it might explode -RRB- , my husband again called the manufacturer and they sent out a part -LRB- sensor I think -RRB- it still does n't work . Now we have to run the sink faucet on hot and the shower at the same time in order for it to work properly.So after two years of dealing with it my husband wanted to go with a regular water heater ; but after seeing all the bad reviews we decided to just try another brand . The Ecosmart got a lot of good reviews so we are trying it and will review it after using it for a while.By the way my husband has installed five out of them three have broken down within the year .
 i got my water heater back in 2006 and i am on my 4th one ! every few years it goes bad and like everyone else said the ten year warranty stinks . they usually charge you between $ 150 - $ 350 for parts and make you install them yourself . The customers service is terrible . Anthony is the only one you can supposedly you can talk to and he never helps or cares . My last incident I was without water for 2 weeks and after fighting with Anthony everyday he sent me a new unit and promised i would only be charged 80 $ overnight shipping on my credit card . Guess what !? they charged me $ 450 on my credit card andi am fighting now with them about that . I want to find a good reliable electric water heater but do not know which one . The sad thing is that it works good when it is working and I would of recommended it to everyone . They definately have problems with the unit . I hear the same stories all the time . Mine leaked twice , an electrical relay went bad and one blew up and got a burnt hole in it !
 Purchased this water heater about 6 years ago . At first everything was great . Endless hot water running multiple applications simultaneously . What 's not to love right?Well , the unit developed a crack in the -LRB- plastic -RRB- heating chamber , and then had a small leak . After getting someone on the phone at Seisco -LRB- not an easy feat in itself -RRB- I came to find out I 'm on the hook for most of the replacement cost of the part which is under a now `` limited warranty '' . The crack quickly grew bigger and by the time the part arrived I was emptying a large pot of water from under the unit multiple times per day . Fortunately there is a handyman in my area who was able to install the new heating chamber for me and get my heater back up and running . Unfortunately this cost me close to 500 dollars in labor to install in addition to the cost of the part . That was around 2-3 months ago . Guess what ? Another leak developed , this time at the top of the heating chamber . I sent Seisco a photo of it , and I 'm still waiting for a call back from a tech support rep.At this point , and after seeing this seems to be a very common theme with this product I decided to write this review . This heater has a horrible design flaw in that the heating chamber is made of a plastic type material instead of copper like its competitors . I will not be throwing another 500 dollars plus down the drain and will instead be purchasing a new electric tankless water heater from Eco , or Stiebel .
 This tankless has been a nightmare . I am on my second circuit board with back to back failures . There is clearly a design flaw as I am reading the other reviews and see a trend in the problems with the board . . I 'm now left to throwing my $ 800.00 water heater in the trash and starting over due to frustration ...
 I bought an RA28 wholehouse unit to be economical and save money . In eight years I spent more than 6 times what I would have spent had I bought a tank unit to begin with . In five years I had to replace 4 circuit boards , over $ 400 in heat sensors and other unit parts that broke . And , I spent numberous days without hot water because of customer support . The unit was always going down . On the eighth year the circuit board went out again and other components started leaking . I decommissioned it and installed a tank unit . My best advice is do n't buy one .
 I purchased my first Seisco tankless water heater in 2006 . Following three years of service , the heat exchanger developed a leak on one seam . Following contact with Seisco , I was given the option of only replacing the heat exchanger under warranty -LRB- removing all of the components from the old unit and installing them in the new heat exchanger -RRB- or purchasing another complete unit for around $ 350.00 . I was told that this leak issue was highly unusual problem , so I opted to pay for another complete unit . Today , three years and one month later , I have another heat exchanger leak on the replacement unit ! I have been told the same thing as before by Seisco ... heat exchanger is covered under warranty , or I could purchase another complete unit for $ 367.00 , also that this was a highly unusual problem - -LRB- heat exchanger failure -RRB- . Six years and over $ 700.00 in replacement costs are really not a good value in my opinion . Seisco 's 10 yeay warranty is shallow because in my case , I think that they have a serious product defect in their heat exchangers ... `` Three years of uninterupted service before any leaks occur '' ... is how this product should be marketed . Truth in advertising !
 I am a custom homebuilder and remodeler in Jacksonville , FL . In 2009 on the recommendation of a trusted source with a local plumbing supply house I specified and had installed an RA28 Seisco Tankless water heater in a kitchen remodel project . Since that time I have had to replace the circuit board myself in 2010 and am now waiting for another new board to arrive FedEx Ground so that I can replace the board that I installed previously . The first board just failed because of a bad transistor and the current board actually started smoldering while the unit was at rest . When I asked the Seisco rep about the failure rate on circuit boards , he politely answered a question other than the one that I asked . He also informed me that failure of the circuit board was `` rare '' . I can not recommend that anyone purchase Seisco equipment because it does n't perform nearly as well as they allow you to believe that it should . If my customer 's situation were all that rare , I expect that Seisco would be trying to figure out why the RA28 that I purchased and placed in my customer 's home is performing so far outside of the norm . I believe that Seisco is very well aware of a less than robust design and have chosen to ignore it instead of taking the high road and make it right with my customer.Update ... Seisco provided a new heater ... it continues to have hiccups . Waiting to see what the hiccups develop into .
 As others have said , this company and products should be completeley avoided . We are residential builders and installed two Seisco units in a home we built . Circuit board for one unit had to be replaced within months of install.Now a few years later the circuit boards for both units have failed and customer serivce says they will not have another circuit board to send us for a week . That means no hot water for the home and residents for a week or more . Simply unbelievable.They do not take their business seriously it seems and when we have tried to contact David Seitz , the designer and apparent owner of the company , he has never responded . Years ago there were only a few manufacturers that made whole house electric units . Now there are many more and most of the large companies have product offerings . If you are dead set on using an electric on-demand unit our advice is to stick with a large company and prferably a known brand.Needless to say we will never buy products from them again .
 If you are planning to purchase a Seisco Tankless Water Heater , you might just prefer just to flush your cash down the toilet . We have had one for just over a year and have had trouble 3 times . When you need parts , plan on paying for them and paying for shipping . There is not much of a warranty and customer service is very kind but ineffective . We love the idea of tankless but made a very poor decision going with this company . Please do not make the mistake we did unless you like a cold shower .
 We have owned two SEISCO electric tankless water heaters since 2008 when we built our home . Within 23 months both needed repairs . One leaked water , and the other stopped heating water . Since then within 11 months , we 've had to replace the temperature probe two more times . The technician tries to blame problems on hard water . He said we should have replaced all 5 of the temperature probes the first time we had problems . So why did n't he send five replacements ? It 's hard to find plumbers who will work on them , so we are usually without hot water for a week by the time the part is sent . SEISCO says their tankless water heater can last up to 20 years , we would like to see it last longer than 23 months . Do n't buy this product !!!!! Also , if the electricity goes off , you do n't have a tank of hot water to use while you wait for the power to come back on .
 ANyone who gave this garbage box more than one star either works for Seisco or has only had it for 6 months or less . I bought a house that had two of these inline already installed . It needs two because one will only run one shower . I think they are the 32 's even , but for sure no lower than a 28 . I have had issues 3 separate times with both of them . They either leak or the board goes out . They replaced both of them with brand new units and they both managed to last 13 months this time -LRB- just outside of 1 year warranty of course -RRB- . Fortunately I have a home warranty that covered these pieces of junk . THey are being replaced this week with a gas tankless unit -LRB- Navien -RRB- 240 . . They are monster users of power as well . .
 I have had two of these in 6 years RA 28 and 32 . Both had leaks in the chamber subassembly , pinholes and hairline fractures , virtually everything failed on the first one , while I was out of town , and the other one has a hairline crack leak in the assembly and the board is going out , I know because one of the spade terminals is smoking crispy . I like the idea but will not buy or put up with the constant minor failures that need to be maintained for these HWH . The best customer service ca n't make up for the amount of damage caused by a leaking HWH because of poor manufacturing .
 Had an RA-32 for 8 yeasr . Then the housing cracked . Replaced it . I am ok with 8 yrs . The replacement however , only lasted 8 months before electrical failure . These units are really not reliable .
 The Seisco four chamber water heaters have two design flaws . I have called them on this , and there does not seem to be any interest on their part to change the design . First off , These water heaters are prone to leakage . There is a thin o ring under each heating element . Sometimes it will develop a leak if the water pressure is a little high . It is not a standard heating element seal . Secondly , the circuit board is mounted flush against the chambers , which means that when the leak occurs , the drops flow down the side of the unit , and contact the circuit board , and will fry the board . The water will never set off the leak sensor at the bottom of the unit because by that time the board is fried.The good news , is that this problem can be solved by leaving the triacs mounted on the inlet header and unsrew the board and insert a rubber stopper or some other non conductive object behind the boad to give the drops room to flow down the side and onto the leak sensor.A new board costs about a hundred and thirty dollars.SR
 We ordered a tankless water heater to be installed into our newly constructed house in mid-2010 . Love that I can take long , hot showers , BUT had to replace the motherboard less than a year after moving in . It took the company almost a week to ship it to us - after many phone calls with them asking the same questions over and over . When we told them that the motherboard was actually smoking , we were told that there is NO WAY that could happen because of a treatment that they put on the board . We offered to send them a picture , but they declined . So here we are , about 5 months after replacing the motherboard and we are waiting for another one to be shipped . The motherboard they sent just fried and was smoking in the same area as the last one . We are quite disappointed in this unit and would not buy it again if we knew ahead of time the troubles it was going to cause .
 I just love buying something for seven dollars , then spending five dollars on shipping ... especially when it 's for this ! It 's actually meant to sharpen the fixed blade knife on a Leatherman tool and the blade with serrations -LRB- and other knives -RRB- , but it 's not very practical as an add-on . Any small knife sharpener will do . So would the diamond coated part of the file that comes with many Leathermans , but it 's not detachable . Your best bet is to either carry another knife or just carry a small sharpener you can buy at any hardware store . Skip this .
 This may be a sharpener but for what I 'm not sure . It is rough like a file but not big enough to sharpen an axe in any hurry . It is way too rough for making a sharp edge on a knife
 I have a no name mortise machine . Bought this set for use in home shop . The shaft that goes into the chuck is too short on my machine . Make sure you can use these before you purchase them . I tried to use in a drill press as a make shift setup . I damaged the 3/8 '' bit and now ca n't use any of them or return them .
 I 've tried these pliers on a number of projects and found they do n't work . They lock so loosely that I hold more firmly with my bare hand . I adjusted the settings from weakest to strongest and did n't see a lot of change . It definitely held a little better on the strongest setting , but no where near strong enough to get through the tasks I needed them for .
 The battery doesnt hold a charge for very long , the unit wont operate simply by plugging into AC power ; all that will do is charge the battery . Basically , if your battery is dead , you wont be pumping up anything . Seems pointless to keep in the car for emergency flats ... The only benefit is the flashlight and the blinking hazard light it comes with , but even they drain the battery very quickly .
 firstly , this faucet is gorgeous . I love the design . But it is faulty and does n't work . I spent money installing , then fixing and then paying for return shipping , TWICE on these . First I thought it was just my piece that was defective ... water comes out in a very tiny stream . returned and reodered again . same problem . this time i had a plumber drill a larger hole somewhere inside as instructed by danze . waste of time . had to return it again . sorry but please do n't buy it . unless you want to take a chance because you 're so tempted by the look ... :-RRB- hope this helps
 The two stars are for the design . For a modern kitchen , you ca n't beat the design and the look of the water as it cascades into your sink . Warning ... this faucet does not have an aerator so it continuosly splashes all over my counters . I have a fairly deep sink but still , instead of cleaning up after cleaning up I have started placing towels around the sink to catch the splash . I would love to replace this expensive beauty but my new counters have holes drilled for the faucet sprayer combination and I am finding it hard to find a replacement I like that is n't Danze . The sprayer is heavy and solid but the sleve that it slips into on the counter is already pealing metal splinters and I have cut myself on more than on occasion . Customer service was just so-so saying that there was not an aerator for this model -LRB- so basicaly , I would just have to put up with the splash -RRB- . So , if you 're a fool for design like I am , go for it . I loved it for almost two years but there comes a point where function and design should be on a closer level .
 the colors of the screwdrivers are the only good thing about this set the plastic handles are really rough witch makes them feel like they are going to cut your hand i used dollar store screwdrivers that had better handles . other than that i cant really use them because of the casting of the handles .
 I just received my DW618R . Was planning on using it this weekend . It arrived loose in a Dewalt labeled box . I tested it immediately and the speed control did not work at all . Looked at the knob and it was obviously busted . The router was quite dirty and the centering tool was missing the shaft . It sure appears that Dewalts recon facility - in Mexico - just put it in a box and shipped it with no recon AT ALL . Would not recommend Dewalt reconned products at this time . Will see how Amazon handles this - not Amazon 's fault .
 This item was advertised as reconditioned but it was simply used . Or maybe I should say , pre-owned . The base was way scratched , the body was way dirty , and the only thing that made me feel good , is that it came in the original box .
 Appears big on the web-page , actually is little and does less ! Do n't waste your time . As a result of being deluged with other items of `` proto-landfill '' like this I was n't able to return it within Amazon.Com 's -LRB- 30 -RRB- returns limit . Result
 Rcvd roller today . Upon inspection I noticed the fill holes on the sides are at different levels on the drum.I realize one is for filling and one to let the air out as well as to help emptying . I will only be able to fill the drum halfway before putting the plug in . I will then have to fill the drum very slowly to allow the air to come out of the hole the water is going in . The drum has a circular indentation on one side of the drum that is even with the hole on the other side of the drum . It appears there was LACK of attention when drilling the holes . Any reasonable inspection by the person who drilled the holes , the packer , or Quality Control would have found this error . Could it be it was found but let slide through due to cost , or in hopes the person who received it was to stupid to figure it out ? Or was it just apathy?Precision Product made by Precision Products -- HARDLY !
 THIS DOES NOT HOLD SHAPE IN MIDDLE FLATTENS OUT SHOULD HAVE WEB INSIDE ROLLER TO KEEP ROUND TRIED WATER IN IT , TRIED SPEEDY DRY IN IT EVEN WHEN EMPTY FLATTENS OUT IF YOU USE IT A LOT WILL ROUND BACK , OVERALL BUY THE SHORTER ONE !!!!!!
 I recently purchased a Lincoln 1134 grease gun . Its well constructed and the level delivers more than adequate pressure . BUT the coupler is nothing but problems . It fits on a grease fitting easily , but will not come off . I have to unscrew the tip to remove it . Not only is this a major pain , but it also causes the grease fittings to loosen.There is another Amazon review that talks about problems removing the coupler - but it gives the problem 5 stars . If you have to wrestle with the gun with each grease fitting , its not very useful.One more thing - the instructions are really lame . I took apart the coupler , hoping to find some problem and referred to the parts diagram to reassemble . Low and behold - the coupler parts are not shown in the diagram.I 've registered a complaint on Linclon 's website , but have yet to hear from them .
 It looks good but does not load easily . The piston hangs up on the lip of the grease cartridges . The pump seems to produce only half of the stroke of grease - like there is some air in the system . It does not work as well as an older John Deere branded grease gun that I also use . I would not buy again .
 Received my new Grease Gun Model 1134 . The flexible hose male threads are one side are not right . It will not screw into gun . If I flip it , the other side screws in but I still ca n't get the fitting on the bad side . Tried calling the manufacturer to see if they 'd just ship a new hose because the gun looks good . After 12 minutes waiting for the first available representative , I was on the phone with them for about 15 seconds . Just long enough to tell me there is nothing he can do . Amazon has there their own warranty . So instead of just shipping me a little hose , I will have to go through the hassle of returning the entire gun and waiting for a new one . A lot more time and expense than is necessary . There was a greasy film all over the gun when I opened it which I chalked up to testing or manufacturing . Now I 'm wondering if it was a previously returned item . Hope Amazon makes it right . Either way , one star since the product is defective and manufacturer wo n't stand behind it.Update . Amazon took the defective one back and promptly sent me a new one . No problems with this one . Seems to be high quality and is working better than any grease gun I have owned in the past .
 Do n't waste your money . Directions are poor , difficult to load the grease cartridge . Coupler wo n't release from zerk as others have indicated . All in all , poorly designed and does n't work well .
 purchased after extensive research for usa made but had to settle for this p.o.s. the 2 stage pressure does not work so grease comes out in second half of lever travel.since I am a small business owner and do n't have time to deal with crap I will probably end up throwing in the garbage if amazon does n't take it back . watch for my follow up review on amazons cust . service.P.S . my grease gun which I ran over with my dozer works better after 5 minutes with the hydraulic press making the tube round again , MADE IN U.S.A. 30 plus years ago
 After a month of installing this deadbolt lock , it became very difficult to turn to the locked position . Even holding the door open , it was very difficult to turn it to the locked position . This lock received very light use . I used it once a day to lock the door going into the garage . I am going to order a more expensive -LRB- hopefully better -RRB- deadbolt lock and get rid of this one . I do not recommend it at all .
 I bought this lock and did not even get to instal it . The lock itself make cheaply , screws are soft and the lock itself moves very tightly and sometimes blocks itself . Would never recommend this to anyone . Save your money and nerves .
 I bought this lock for an older house that I needed to change the front lock on.Because I bought it in advance by two months , any recourse I had , ran out.The day came -LRB- today -RRB- to change out the locks , and it would n't budge . New out of the package and the key would not turn the cylinder.So now , after a wasted day , I had to put the old lock back on and reorder another lock . This is going to take an entire week or more to get through the mail , not to mention the money wasted.Spend a little more and get the name brand one . http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00176INKA/ref=oh_details_o00_s00_i00
 Nice enough grease gun . I have used these in the past and expect this one will provide good service too.I ordered this with some grease and a rack for an ATV . The grease was included loose in the package and the ATV rack crushed all of the cartridges making them unusable and making a mess of all of the other products ordered . I was able to clean up the other items with considerable difficulty , but the grease itself was a total loss . This problem was due to Amazon 's packaging . The outer carton was in perfect shape . The grease should not have been placed in a package with another heavy , shifting item.Too say the least , I am very disappointed with Amazon 's poor quality packing . This made for an expensive , messy and frustrating order experience.Still , the grease gun is a good item , just do n't buy it with grease .
 I 'm not saying this is necessarily the `` fault '' of the seller BUT all three of the Briggs B351304 Vacuity Flappers I ordered through this seller had gouges in the blue floats ! The Vacuity toilets , at lest the 3 we have , model4200 , are shall I say very `` touchy '' ; they must be adjusted to a `` T '' ! If you are not getting enough lift on the flapper via the float , the toilet will not flush properly ! It is critical that you have the right volume of float on these vacuity toilets -LRB- frankly I regret I purchased them 11 or so years ago but I 'm into them around $ 1,800 - $ 1,900 ? or so w/installation so I 'm stuck , I suppose ! -RRB- , otherwise they wont work right!Back to this purchase ! With EACH float having one or several GOUGES the volume of each float is , of course , less and thus they would not work , I 'm sure ! Trust me , I sadly have lots of experience fighting the battle with our Vacuitys for 11 + years!Respectfully , I can understand , maybe , a `` packer '' at a seller putting , say , ONE defective flapper into a customer 's order ! Ok , maybe I can `` understand '' TWO defective flappers being sent to a customer , maybe ? But , THREE defective flappers in and order for three , I 'm not so sure!In any event this seller was very fast and I 'm sure they are good vendors but their packer-person must have been a little inattentive , had a `` bad day '' , I suppose ? I then ordered the flappers plus other parts for our Vacuitys through an actual plumbing supply house , Locke Plumbing Supply -LRB- all their reps are plumbers or have plumbing experience ; they were top notch to deal with -RRB- .
 Poorly made . Barely lasts a year and a half -LRB- ~ 6 months past warranty -RRB- . Will not buy again . This is in regards to the POLARIS PB4-60 , 3/4HP 115/230V BOOSTER PUMP .
 Ordered this product from A1 pool supply / web ware house / Amazon . Received pump promptly , about a week . When I wired the pump and turned it on it smoked , burned up . I immediately tried to contact the seller , they didnt have a direct phone or e-mail I had to go through Amazon and they would forward my e-mail . No reply for a couple days I tried again , no reply after a couple more days . Fianlly I talked with Amazon direct they asked me to wait one more week , so I did , still nothing . Talked with Amazon again they then contacted A1 pool supply then I got a quick e-mail response with phone number . I called no answer left message , a guy called back and left message , we did this twice I then left my cell nember and he never called back . Talked to Amazon and filled out a guarentee A to Z and they , Amazon , credited my account as for A1 pool supply ???? wont do business with them again . I guess all I can say is if the seller does not provide a return policy with contact information DO NOT do business with them . Once again Amazon was great .
 I had it for 2 weeks and it started to leak . I can not believe it . It was new out the box . I got it installed by a professorial now i have to go though the hassle to return it .
 i bought this pump `` TO REPLACE '' an existing one . pump comes factory set at 220 which i have . that mean 2 wires both hot and thats all you hook up with the ground of corse.i switched the pump out and after it ran for one day it had liquid in the cap with the capasitor . zodiac pool systems where this pump comes from , not made , said since i did the 2 wire switch over they dont have to warranty anything but out of the goodness of thier heart they would send the motor only and i have to switch the pump part over -LRB- i dont quilify to switch 2 wires that are the same current but i can swithch the pump -RRB- and it wont be covered by any warranty anymore and it could take 3 weeks to get . so for as much as this pump cost for one day in my case your on your own .
 Based on my experience with owning Polaris/Zodiac products , it 's products are simply UNREALIABLE . My Polaris ATV pool vacuum broke down after a 1.5 yr and needed complete overhaul/rebuild , which was n't worth the price . Now , this issue with one of the booster pump . Out of the two Booster pumps I purchased , one already broke down . Bought one for me , other for my brother 's pool . My brother 's booster pump already is making very loud noise after a month of use . Currently , I do n't know if that Booster pump will be taken care of by Polaris/Zodiac . Still getting the run around . Will update my review as the story goes .
 Very disappointed , I purchased a polaris PB4-60 booster pump on dec 7 2011 , it is now june 20 2012 and can not get them to honor 12 month warranty.I have emailed them all the information on the warranty several times and they refuse to help.I saved $ 3.35 buying the pump from them , I would have been better off buying the pump local
 The pump came in a correct but after 1 month running the impellor failed . Looks like the impellor was istalled improperly it was stripped this ended up costing me a service call a new impellor and shaft seal this was not great I will not be using you again for this type of purchase if I had bought local I could I returned unit
 The metal ring on the face plate which is displayed on the photo of the model is not present on the model which received . Thus , a fracture has occurred where the fitting screws into the flange of the plate , and subsequently a leak has developed . I 've placed a compression fitting on the flange , but a small leak still persist . Is there a face plate compatible for this model that has the metal ring on it ?
 Purchased the big buddy from Northern Tool as I owned Mr. Heater buddies in the past . Installed a 1lb cylinder and fired it up . Noticed immediately that smell that comes from some propane heaters but realized soon this one was worse than average . 20 minute run time heated up my RV nicely but the smell and eye irritation drove me out of there . Tried using it again next day with same result and yes I did have adequate ventilation . Returned the unit today and will go with the Olympian 6 I guess ?
 Heater Recall4/1/05 2:05:34 PMMr . Heater recalls 55,000 Big Buddy and Tough Buddy portable propane heaters . The valve can leak and pose a fire hazard . Only model number MH18B heaters are recalled . They are either black with yellow accents or light gray with red accents around the burner tiles . September-December 2004 for $ 120 - $ 149 . Get a replacement at 1-800-385-2605 or www.regcen.com/heaterrecall . Source
 There are known problems with this heater freezing up . The valve , that is shared between the two inlets , will freeze and the heater will shut off during operation.I 've tried this several times , and several ways , one tank or two . This is not as reliable as the Mr Heater single burner.I 've used Mr. Heater products for years , this is the first lemon I 've bought from this american company . Come on guys , test your stuff more thoroughly . We buy these heaters as emergency backups ... it 's cold in Virginia in the winter , and I need my stuff to work!I 'm going to sell mine -LRB- or just dump it , I ca n't see giving this to someone who would find that it doesent work when they need it -RRB- .
 I ca n't really reccomend the big buddy for use if youneed more than just a couple of hours . I needed heat in my garage for a weekend project more than six hours to heat a 30 garage to a comfortable temprature . It Puts out about the same Btu 's as my old kerosene heater so i bought it . I did n't even bother with the 1lb canisters because i needed more than three hours and throw aways tanks are expensive and i think ecologically a dumb idea so i got the filter and the hose and a 20lb refillable . the manual dosent state which side to hook it to so i just chose one . the big buddy has two ceramic tiles in the front on low and medium only one of these ignite the second tile only comes on on the high setting , at least thats how mine worked . Low and medium worked just fine but the high setting worked for about two minutes then both tiles started to flutter . i shut it down checked all my connections made sure the tank was open and tried again , Same thing never could get it to work on high.From some of these reviews i get the feeling i could have corrected the problem by getting another tank , and hose , and filter and hooking up both sides . but then i would have invested in two $ 15 . hoses , two $ 35 . tanks and two $ 9 . filters in addition to the cost of the heater , plus the hoses have to be ran outside to the tanks because your not supposed to have the tanks inside the building meaning you have to keep a door or window open or drill holes in your walls to run the hoses.no thanks , I took it all back .
 Got the heater in quick time . It is a very well built heater . After using for 4 to 5 hours the fan started making a noticable loud clicking as if it was hitting something . This only happened when the unit was warm . So , I wanted to return and replace the unit but was told by Kotula 's ` they did not have any of this type anymore and all they would do is to refund my money &#34; .
 The heater will heat a place up in no time but , if you start it every time in an unheated room it will consume large amounts of propane . Too much in my experience .
 This is for customer service only-I had to Google the number as it 's not on their website . Hint , hint.I waited 45 minutes for advice , wanting to buy at least 2 heaters . I got nowhere fast . Infuriating . Big buddy-is it the 18,000 BTU on sale here on the 9,000 ? What about all the gadgets not included - does one have to buy them ? Maybe I 'm blind but I could not find this info.Those of us without electricity for 12 days -LRB- and some much longer -RRB- would like to try to be prepared for next time , and there will be a next time .
 I bought this heater a couple of weeks ago only to find out that they are about to do a recall and Mr. Heater advises that you do n't use it . Mr. Heater customer service is horrible and they wo n't try to help you fix the problem , they 're waiting until someone forces them to fix the problem . Mine only stays running for about 10 minutes and then goes out when using portable cylinders , as do 2 of my friends . Do n't wait for Mr. Heater to help you as it will be too late , my suggestion is to return this cheap , shoddy piece of junk
 This is the third of these heaters I have purchased . The first two work fine but this one gives off terrible fumes . I wish I had started using it earlier but it has been in the box since I purchased it until now , when I put it in my newly completed shop . Now that I have had it for awhile I doubt that I can return it . My advice is that once you get it , try it immediately , do n't wait .
 Here 's what you should know BEFORE you buy this thing . If you are planning to use disposable cylinders this heater will suck them down in no time flat . It 's expensive , inefficient , and environmentally lousy with disposables . If you are planning to use -LRB- 2 -RRB- 20lb cylinders you will need a ` fuel filter ' for each regulator -LRB- there are 2 -RRB- . Mr. Heater sells them for 9.95 each postpaid . You will also need hoses . Amazon seems to have the best price for these . There is a built in fan in this unit . It does n't do much except make noise . The unit does not come with the AC adapter to run the fan . If you feel the fan is a requirement , Radio Shack sells the adapter for 18-20 $ . The part # 's are 2731761 -LRB- adapter -RRB- & 2731708 -LRB- plug -RRB- . You can also use the 4 D cells but you will run through a bunch . I spent about $ 150 over the purchase price to get it up and running -LRB- Tanks , Hoses , Fuel Filters , AC Adapter -RRB- . You can download the owners manual on the Mr. Heater web site , consider doing so before you buy.You should also know about the recall on the heater . There was a problem with some of the regulator/control valve assemblies . The units affected were sold prior to January 10 , 2005 . I had one of these units and went through the recall process . Mr. Heater sent me a postpaid return tag and I had my replacement heater in a week . It works just fine . The process was frustrating and inconvenient but Mr. Heater has ultimately made it right.Some comments about Amazon Customer Service
 I purchased one of these . It never lit . I later learned it was subject to a recall . Anyway , customer service was very effecient at providing a return code to return it for replacement . However , there never was any replacement . So my experience was that I spent a significant sum of money for something that never worked and now looks like money just thrown away.I 'd recommend dealing with a local merchant who will take your return AND provide a replacement .
 After having bought and used the Little Buddy heater , I purchased the Big Buddy to get the higher heat output for my shed and back porch . The unit is well made and very sound . There are two major problems that I have found
 My wife bought this for me so I could stay warm while working in the garage during the winter months . I also experienced the quick shut-down of running on 1 lb canisters ... and it plain just does n't last long on them . As a person with some sort of environmental conscience , I could n't keep that up . Yes , I could go for the 20 lb . BBQ tank , but then there 's the fuel filter and the special hoses required to hook it up . Did I mention that the AC adapter to run the fan is not included , and will cost $ 20 at Radio Shack ? However , the fan itself is a total joke -- a little 80 mm computer case fan moves more air that that ! So you 'll probably want to run some sort of box fan next to the unit to blow the heat around the room . I feel really bad because I know my wife tried hard to find me something really nice ; but this requires too much extra time and money to get it working properly . Sure , I like to `` tinker , '' but not with something as basic as heat . Besides , I want my `` tinkering '' time to be taken up with my hobbies , not fudging around with the heater just to get the garage warm .
 I bought a big buddy heater and the pilot light always fails in less that 1 hour when running on high . Makes no difference if run with portable cyls . or a 20 pound . Works ok on medium or low but who needs it if you ca n't run it on high . Looks like lots of other people are having the same problem , plus there is a recall of the heater due to safety concerns . Makes you wonder why the engineers at Mr. Heater do n't test their products for a couple of hours to see if they work ok and wo n't blow up your house .
 This device has only one moving part
 First , this is an opinion based upon personal experience with the Bid Buddy heater and should not reflect adversely upon any seller of the product . Received this heater as a Christmas gift . Out of the box , it did not fully function . The righ-side would not transfer propane to the burner -- only the left-side worked . The switch for the fan was permanently `` on '' . Did not matter if you switched it to the `` off '' position -- the fan continued to operate . If they could not get a simple on/off switch correct , how do I trust the built-n safety switches for tip-over and carbon mono sensing While it appears to be well made , it is not . Again , tired of poor quality management vis-a-vis made in China products .
 This is the worst piece of junk I ever used in my 64 years . If you do get the pilot to stay on , it will go out when you switch to the burner . Most of the time , you ca n't keep the pilot lit long enough to get the burner lit . I am so sorry I did n't heed the reviews I read about this procuct before I purchased one . I thought it was other users inability . READ THE WARNINGS , do n't buy this piece of JUNK .
 This is not at all enery efficient . One 20lb propane worked for only 2 days indoor . So this is expensive than electric heaters comparing the energy price .
 was excited when i bought it . but it didnt work only with batteries and didnt try with outlet becus wanted only for when no power in house and manual also doesnt show proparly so still looking .
 I have purchased 2 of these units and in both cases the pilot light WILL NOT stay lit.They did not last more than 3 months of use . Will not waste any more money on this product.Mr Heater MH18B Portable `` Big Buddy '' Heater
 Mr Heater Big Buddy pilot goes out shutting system down with any type of wind gust making it necessary to reliight the unit if you are using it outside .
 I bought this with the quick connect hose to use with a 20Gallon tank , and used batteries for the fan . I also bought the filter adapter which can not be used with the quick connect hose , then i missed the return window -LRB- my fault -RRB- . Anyways for the money I think if I had tried it sooner I probably would have returned it . The fans have an annoying high pitched hummmmm , and the heat output is just ok , not great . My garage is insulated , not heated , and running this for about 30 minutes on high just barely took the foggy breadth out of the air , much like my electric already was able to do .
 THIS HEATER CONSTANTLY SHUTS OFF . I have have to relight every few minutes witch is a fire hazard because there is still propane with no pilot light . also the fan runs poor and slow . AND the manual is very vague on the use of the fan with battery and/or 6v cord .
 THE QUICK DISCONNECT INSIDE MY HEATER STARTED LEAKING . MR HEATER WILL NOT SELL THIS PART . THEY SAID THEY `` DO N'T WANT THIS PART USED ON OTHER BRAND HEATERS '' . WHAT A JOKE !!! DO NOT BUY MR HEATER PRODUCTS . . I BOUGHT THE PROCOM MD100TBA HEATER ON LINE AT ACE HARDWARE FOR $ 132.95 . FREE SHIPPING . IT HAS A THERMOSTAT AND TURNS ON AND OFF . WORKS A LOT BETTER THAN THE BIG BUDDY . MUCH BETTER PRODUCT THAN THE BUDDY HEATERS !!
 UPDATED REVIEW : HEADLINE
 You ca n't count on this Buddy to keep you warm ! This heater has been a huge disapointment ! If it is cold it will not run on one disposable or one 20lb tank . It keeps shutting down . Customer service has been terrible . You are lucky if they call you back a week later . First they told me I need to buy the filters which was very hard to find . They will not help this problem I can gaurantee . Then they told me to buy yet another $ 28 hose and hook both 20lb tanks up . That seemed to work but have not tested it in real cold weather . I use it to heat an ice fishing trailer in Minnesota and it gets cold here . I called them back and told them that idea sucks because I have to worry about always having two full 20lb tanks available otherwise it will shut down . They told me for all my hassle they would send me a quick connect hose for free and that would cure all of the problems of it shutting down because using the quick connect bypasses the 20lb of minimum pressure required to keep the safety valve open in the heater . I waited for two weeks and it never came . I called and they told me to stop using the heater because there is a safety concern and they wont know anymore untill Feb. 1st . That is all they would tell me and they never sent the hose . I spent over $ 80 dollars in hoses and filters for this worthless heater you can definitely NOT count on to keep you warm . As far as the fire hazard talked about in other reviews it did act weird quite a few times with real small explosions . Avoid the headache and buy two of the small ones if you need the extra heat . I have never had a problem with the little buddy .
 I have this for one month and only used it for 3 hours in the garage and basement . Now , the heater keeps going off . The phone number for tech/customer service does not work at Mr. Heater ... The no . is off of the instructions and the same no . at MrHeater.com.Don , t waste your money . Mr Heater sucks . 0 stars Best to buy an electric or another brand .
 I purchased a Big Buddy heater for our vacation cabin based on my positive experience with the little buddy . Big mistake ! The Big Buddy is unreliable using disposable cartridges and a FIRE HAZARD using a remote 20lb tank . Mr. Heater should recall this product forthwith!The Big Buddy worked fine on full speed using disposable cartridges - for about an hour and a half . Then it started shutting itself down with increasing frequency . It ran longer on half speed , but still exhibited the same problem . Save yourself some money - buy a little buddy and a battery powered fan.Of course , the problem with disposable cartridges is that Big Buddy sucks them down so fast they 're economically and environmentally unfeasible . I connected the unit to a remote tank using the same Mr. Heater hose that worked successfully with it 's little brother . The primary problem seems to be the internal regulator freezes up . This causes propane to become trapped in the unit . It then explodes when you attempt to relight . I also had the unit `` flame up '' before the regulator froze completely . My experience is certainly not consistent with a unit advertised as `` safe for indoor use '' . For the record , I returned my first unit thinking I 'd just gotten a lemon . Unfortunately , I 've had the same problems with the replacement.In summary , I 'd strongly recommend the Big Buddy - if you need the financial proceeds from your fire insurance policy !
 I bought the Big Buddy heater about 5 years ago . I only used it one weekend per year during deer hunting season . I was very careful with the product during use and storage , as I normally take very good care of things I own . I really liked the heater at first , but as time went on it seemed the heater was designed to NOT stay lit for a variety of reasons . It 's VERY finicky , definitely NOT suited to outdoor use . I learned that part of this was because the thermocouple was not positioned correctly in the pilot flame , so I tried to take the unit apart to correct the problem . During disassembly , I discovered several areas where thin plastic flanges were used around the metal screws and these had broken/cracked , making repair impossible without replacing most of the plastic parts on the heater . So , after using the heater one weekend a year for 5 years I threw it in the garbage . It looked well built when I bought it , but it 's not , and keeping it lit is a major hassle . I would n't pay money for this type of heater again , since there are plenty of similar products that are simpler , less expensive and more durable .
 I have had mine for over a year now . I read the manual and got the filter and and adapter hose for bulk cylinders -LRB- BBQ style tanks -RRB- When it was new it would take forever for the thermocouple to get hot enough to allow my to turn it on without the pilot going out.Then if it was at all windy it would shut down , not blow out , but it would click off due to the thermocouple getting cold . Then the whole startup procedure would have to happen again.Sometime later the thermocouple just got stuck in the on position so I could immediately light the burners , sure this was unsafe , but I was using it outside and it sure beat having to relight it a few times an hour Now the thermocouple is working again and it goes out after about 3-5 minutes , regardless of the wind.When it works it works great and is much better then the round style as this generates most of its heat in infrared . This means if you are outside most of the heat is radiated towards you , and does not go up in the air .
 Had this item for two winters . Worked fine for the first year this past winter would n't stay lighted for more then 15 minutes . Tried to contact there customer support what a joke , e-mail several times NO answer . Just wanted to know what parts were needed to make it work nothing from them.save your money DO N'T but this heater.After a few e-mails they offered me a new heater . the new one works fine , I 'm pleased but it did take longer then it should have but they did make right .
 I bought two Big Buddy Heaters from Amazon and neither one will run off a 20lb . propane tank with the hoses provided . The hose valve seat is to deep for the regulator to open , thus no gas flow . Mr. Heater seems to be giving me the run around . The heater works great with the 1lb . disposable propane bottles . If I can get a hose from Mr. Heater that will work I would love this little heater , but until that happens I am not to happy with it .
 I purchased this heater from Amazon about 18 months ago . Worked great for one season and then it began to leak around the valve last fall when I started using it again . A first it was just a smell of propane so I turned it off at the tank but then the last time I used it , there was a flash of fire and the heater was engulfed in flames . I contacted Amazon and was amazed they issued an RMA and immediately sent a new one-thought they would refer me to the vendor . I got that in October 2011 . Now it will not stay lit and keeps cutting off . I contacted Amazon and they have not responded at all . I contacted the manufacturer and they have not responded.So ... . now I have a 135 dollar door stop . So ... . great heater , prone to catastrophic failure and no customer support after 30 days .
 I just did an on line review of this product . After reading several other retail site reviews by buyers , I do not plan to ever own this product . The oxygen sensor appears to be the primary issue . Too many posts say the unit refuses to light or wo n't stay lit . This is the same technology as those rotten mosquito control devices that run on propane . Stay away from these products if you want to keep your blood pressure down and not waste your money .
 Broke 8 tines on the first use . Ground was not overly hard and I used 40 pounds of weight . Wish I had used it sooner so I could have returned it . Now have to find replacement tines
 This multi-tool is a great item for a gift or a beginner 's tool ; However , for the more experienced outdoorsman or handyman , this item leaves a lot to be desired in quality.If you were stranded somewhere and this was your only tool , would you trust your life to it?Spend the extra money on a Leatherman . You wo n't regret it .
 I strongly advise against buying this product.Firstly , the real thing can not be determined from the picture ... It has a sickly gray/green color , and has a very cheap plastic feel to it ... The body sprays are green-and-black rubber ... ugly would be an understatement.Albeit the handles are polished chrome , and they do not match/go well the texture of the rest of the unit.There is a very cheap mirror right under the shower head - which makes it look very un-elegant . Last but not the least , the `` symbols '' denoting the flow of water are black cartoon figures!The unit I received was severely defective . It had many missing parts , had discolorations and scratches , not to mention severely kinked hoses.Beware - this company charges a 15 % restocking fee .
 They did not fit my head , they where way to big , and i have a medium-large head . Also not very comfortable .
 Typically , Delta provides the inset button & replacement screw . This did not , however , it is advertised as a generic handle.More complete description would be helpful , as this does not fit the earlier Delta Single Handle Faucets with the ` diamond shaped ' stem .
 Very poor , as bad as you can get to advertise the quantity as 50 but only ship 2 discs . Web page is deceiving . The way it is worded makes you think you will get 50 discs , but you only get 2 .
 I only recieved 2 items as well even though 50 was listed . Even the packing list says 50 but only 2 discs arrived .
 You will not see 50 disks for this price . What you might receive is 2 disks . This listing is supposed to be removed
 i did not receive anything like what i ordered that was advertised . i received 2 disks , wrong style and size . they credited my account and said the ad was wrong . ad said bulk 50 , i got 2 !!! would not honor their ad . .
 I live in an apartment with a crappy toilet -LRB- or pipes -RRB- , that toilet has always have problems flushing , the frequent clogging is really annoying . Tried regular plunger -LRB- similar to Master Plunger on here -RRB- , had little luck , bought Kleer Drain from the `` Save Money . Live Better . '' store , it works but the CO2 cartridges cost a lot so I was looking for a cheaper alternative . Then I bought this Drain Buster on `` fleabay '' for $ 10 . Kept pumping for like 10 minutes , nothing , water AND bubbles `` escape '' from the side rubber cup . The fact is every toilet bowl has a slightly different shape , the generic rubber cup wo n't make a perfect seal . These days only the CO2 can unclogged my toilet , the bright side is you can buy 8g CO2 cartridges real cheap on `` fleabay '' -LRB- brands do n't matter , as long as they are 8g -RRB- . Save your $ , the Drain Buster does NOT work .
 I have used this a few times since I got it and the suction it creates does not do anything to free up a clogged toilet . Maybe it works better on a sink drain , but I will stick to an old fashioned good plunger .
 Did n't get good suction with the blaster , even tried changing to the smaller size cup . No change in drains noted .
 Its so fake ... i mean . . weak . . feeling . . I 'm scared to use it in a real situation . I wasted my money . . but for 15 bucks . . if it works twice I will be happy . I will update to see if this thing is any good .
 After using this product , I concluded that any standard plunger did just as good or even a better job than the Drain Buster did . Save your money .
 Had to post a quick review on this one - I could not believe the item 's fragility.I managed to break the end off it no more than 10 seconds -LRB- no exaggeration , I was shocked ! -RRB- of removing the item out of its packaging.The plastic that is used for the thread - the part that the `` rubber suction plunger '' screws into is very brittle , broke the entire thread off in my bare hands . Could not imagine it withstanding any amount of force needed to work in a home plumbing situation of the slightest kind.I would recommend that the company making this unit invest in a higher quality of urethane casting resin , a solid plastic of some kind that can withstand some of the intended force for a job in any sort of drain plunging situation . Something with some slightest of impact resistance.I had decided to give it a try despite the reviews and now of course side with their tales and experience.Perhaps the $ 15 paid was worth it for the comedic value - folks in viewing distance around when I unboxed the unmighty `` Drain Buster '' had a pretty good laugh when it fell apart in my hands right out of the box !
 I should have followed the advice on previous reviews . The negative reviews were correct , this is a piece of junk . My husband used this item in the bathtub and the the plunger did not provide adaquate suction . While trying to use the device it broke , the plunger just came apart . We were very dissappointed with this item . We do not recommend it to any one .
 Bought based on the reviews , needed some heavier duty clamps than my 1/2 '' ... what i received was a box of 12 sets , but atleast half had thread problems as well as castings were not square to each other when tightened , consequently not giving good compression across the rubber ... i thought it was a waste of money , Amazon cheerfully refunded , and i noticed product has not been available since ? ? IF for no other reason , You got ta love Amazon for taking their responsibility to customer service so seriously
 when tested on my meter , the `` wrench '' bent , but the valve did not move . after calling the gas company to see if my shutoff valve was stuck and getting a service call from them i was told there was nothing wrong with my shutoff valve but that the so-called `` wrench '' is too weak to do the job . `` Get a large crescent wrench '' was the gas man 's advice .
 The tool has sockets for 1/2 '' and 3/4 '' gas valves . My gas valve is slightly larger than 1/2 '' -LRB- maybe 5/8 '' by PG&E in California -RRB- and the 3/4 '' socket was way to big to close the gas valve . So , check the size of your gas shut off valve first before buying this tool . The tool looks OK for 1/2 '' and 3/4 ' valves
 My meter is also neither 1/2 or 3/4 -LRB- 9/16 would work -RRB- . The grip is poor and the shaft is short . My 12 inch adjustable works for me , but my wife might need and extender to break it free . In any case the thought of leaving an expensive adjustable wrench outside where it runs a risk of being stolen or rusting up does not appeal to me . In addition the temptation to borrow the adjustable wrench -LRB- by me -RRB- is high . It is going back to Home Depot .
 I loved this tool for almost a whole day until it snapped into two pieces ... . i have to say while it was working it was awesome ! I ca n't remember be sad instead of pissed that a tool broke before , it had some serious potential . disappointing ...
 got these as it was simpler than replacing the cable for my dvd player in the car , they work okay , but I wasted the first 5 or so by over crimping them and the barrel cracked and broke -LRB- I did n't buy the manufacturers crimping tool , just used a standard crimping tool -RRB- . so a careful balance between under crimping -LRB- the connector slides off from the cable -RRB- to over crimping -LRB- the connector barrel cracks and falls off the cable -RRB- - they really could do with a better strain relief mechanism too - as it 's too tempting for my kids to pull the cable rather than the connector to detach from the dvd player . I would n't buy these again .
 I bought these gloves because I have found DeWalt tools reliable and durable -LRB- I own 15 DeWalt tools in all -RRB- . After three days of moderate use , the seams began to come apart , and after a week the gloves were useless . I sent the gloves to DeWalt and they just told me that they do n't make them , and put me in touch with the manufacturer . Save your money , and buy own brand gloves from Home Depot or Lowes . They cost less and last longer .
 The Dewalt gloves have a nice feeling leather along with the spandex backing makes this a very comfortable glove . The palms are durable and did n't show signs of tearing even after lifting bricks , branches , and bamboo.However , I bought these just 5 months ago -LRB- used them every weekend -RRB- , and now the tip of the middle finger on my left glove has a big ole tear in it . Granted , I 'm not sure if these gloves were designed for gardening , where the gloves get wet and are in the dirt a lot.I was disappointed that they tore , so I 'm going to try the synthetic leather ones instead . They got a better review rating and they 're cheaper .
 I 've had this DP for almost 2 years and have used it very lightly . The DP itself is ok , especially at the price . The chuck is junk though . It 's very tempremental and sometimes wo n't open fully or lock down tightly on the drill bit.I would not have bought this DP when I did if I had known how irritating it would be to work with .
 i had been waiting over 6 months for this drill press , my order in etc. . . never once did anyone from fisch website ever answer an email ... customer service to me was totally non-existent . then amazon finally cancelled the order saying the machine was not going to ever come.when will i learn to only buy things that have good service and a company responsible enough to deal with customers .
 The blades were very oily with high sulfur cutting oil . It is smelly , greasy , and the reek does n't wash off your hands easily . Made in USA standards have really gone downhill with `` free '' trade . This is industrial/corporate negligence . Ever try to wash and dry 100 toxic-smelling blades ? I should have returned them .
 The description reads `` RoboToolz Transit Level with Tripod , Rod and Carrying Case '' . The product received was only the Level and the Carrying Case . Admittedly , after contacting the seller , they apologized and provided a pre-paid shipping level with explanation that AMAZON.COM was at fault . -LRB- The same ad remains on the site for others to fall into the same trap if they need a level quickly and do n't have time to play around with return shipping , credit to one 's account , and then have to order and wait for delivery from another company . -RRB- BEWARE ...
 The unit is pretty heavy duty and seems very strong and durable once put together . With the exception of the tires . The tires should be a lot wider for when trying to left the spikes from the ground and having a heavy load on the weight shelf . Which by the way , you will need a very heavy load to place on the shelf ... otherwise the spikes will not penetrate the ground . And another thing ... BE sure to have raked and/or picked up all the leaves before starting to use this item , otherwise the leaves will collect on the spikes and then they will not penetrate any further than the leaves will allow.The Aerator was fairly hard to put together ... even following the instructions ... and I am a Handy Man by trade . The problem is getting the spike 's on the shaft in a good and balanced order . I had to cut in half one of the plastic spacers in order to `` balance space the spike `` star wheels '' on the shaft.I thought about returning this item , but figured I could make some modifications to it later that may make it better .
 Received the 40 '' Spike Aerator on time . There were no assembly instructions . The assembly was not that difficult . One of the 5/16-18 x1 .5 bolts included was a blank . This means the threads were not rolled on to the screw in the threading roller . Using the picture on the box for assembly there is no way the spikes can reach the soil due to positioning of the wheels . With the wheels removed full penetration appears to be achievable . With no wheels manuaverability becomes difficult by hand . You pay for what you get especially when you buy cheap . The aerator was replaced with a quality unit from Northern Tool for $ 240.00 .
 Product arrived , opened box , plugged it in , turned it on , NOTHING.Could not locate replacement lite in entire state . Returned product-waiting for replacement.Don ' t know yet if I like it .
 I am a seasoned tradesman . I have been in construction since the age of 14 - I am 60 . I bought this saw to do the title 14 work -LRB- dry-rot < > termite -RRB- on a home where the need to access and cut in tight places made this seem to be the perfect fit . Well . Yes it performed well - for the duration of that >> one < < >> single project < < . I have used it maybe twice since -LRB- 06 -RRB- using my straight recip . to save this one 's unique features , and the button to release the angle front to back quickly has become non-workable . It is my opinion that this is the reason these are not available now and a new saw has taken its place . Stay clear of this saw . Hold porter cable accountable.This was a terrible investment . I am steering clear of Porter Cable from now on . Gary
 I bought this unit instead of the Delta , because I didnt like the comments about its light weight construction.So now I have the Heavy weight , and it looks like it will do the job , however . There is a lack of attention to detail in the way things fit together.My biggest gripe is the the alignment hole that the guide plate fits into is not perpendiclar to the belt and the disc.Which means you need to adjust the screws on the bottom of the plate whenever you change from belt to disk.Then the 4 holes for the dust scoop do not align with the 4 threaded mounting holes.In this modern age of CNC machining , one would think this would be a simple task.The unit is made in Tiawan , but smacks of early Chinese lack of quality.So far it has sanded well .
 I recieved this sander two weeks ago and just had the time today to put it together.Assembly went easy.Started it up and the belt guard was clanging aroud -LRB- factory installed -RRB- . There are two screws that hold it in place . They were loose , tightened them . Restarted still clanging , Upon further examination the bracket was loose inside the cover . removed the cover and disc plate the spot weld did not holdCalled Fisch and guess what they are not open on Fridays . It is a business day.Stay away from Fsch , poor customer service , poor quality control and poor product .
 Dear fellow consumers this is a TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK !!!!! Amazon 's review of this product is a glowing endorsement of this piece of garbage but when you get the product delived to your home at a delivery cost of over $ 42 you quickly open the box and are amazed at how poorly this is constructed but you still are hoping it works well like the Amazon ad insists . Well , this is time to wake up and realize that the real product in the box is just another piece of cheap junk constructed in China and sold to us unsuspecting American consumers . Then to return it costs you another $ 42 because the product is so large and heavy . Do n't be a fool like I was and purchase this total piece of junk unless you want to throw away your hard earned cash . Now I see why so many of these cheaply constructed lawn sweepers are being returned and why there are so many people rejecting one more piece of Chinese made garbage . Only buy this product if you want to throw your money away . Even if you decide to return this to Amazon it will cost you over $ 100 in shipping to your home and back to Amazon so buyer beware . Amazon should be ashamed of trying to pawn this inferior product onto it 's good customers . William Lupton
 The product was broke when I opened the box . . adjustment handle was broke off.wasted my moneythis lawn leaf pick up is a bad product
 I ca n't review the performance of this product because it arrived with several parts -LRB- that were supposed to be attached -RRB- not attached , namely one wheel , the adjustment handle -LRB- impossible to re-attach -RRB- and a gear that goes with the unattached wheel loose in the box . This thing was made in China , so I guess that 's my bad . Finally , to avoid lawsuits , let 's just say that after the UPS delivery person left packages on my front porch on 2 consecutive days , I found my Obama '08 yard sign in the bushes -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- each day .
 Returned this the day after i got it . I have some other Racor items that do a good job but this one misses the mark badly .
 I wish I could be at home right now to send a video . Anyway , I will describe it.I received the package with a hole in it . One of the PLASTIC anchor was broken . I think the hardware furnished -LRB- for drywall -RRB- is not adapted for the amount of weight you will put on the rack . I think that the 2 holes where you need to screw should be separated of 16 inches to match with the studs in your walls which is a standard size . Instead of that you have to fix this rack in the drywall . Bad idea ! I have preferred to fix the bike rack to a u-shape home made wood adapter which I fixed itself to my studs in the wall
 Does n't come with the tool you need to use the screw extractors . Completely worthless . Thanks for nothing .
 This product is billed as being suitable for a Rout-R-Lift . I 'm sure it must fit some of the JessEm products , but it does not fit mine . My lift is labeled `` Rout-R-Lift '' and it requires a hole that is 14.75 '' long by 11.75 '' wide . The hole in this table is much too small for mine . Check the dimensions of yours before buying .
 I paid the full retail price for an item that was damaged and itwas obvious that the item had been previously unwrapped . Thetable had been damaged in two places . One of the marks hadbeen repainted ; but poorly . Something had caused the dimensionof he item to change , so things did not fit properly . I hopeto never buy anything from Amazon again .
 I bought this item to show holograms for a up coming event , When it came in the box it looked like it was used and just tossed in there . I figured no big deal , But when I clamped it to the almost one inch display backing I found that the clamp was so weak the light would droop down . It reminded me of a cheap target light that was 30 dollars less but was still a piece of crap .
 I frequently buy older lenses and I had a few I needed to service . I did n't want to spend a ton on a spanner so I bought this one . I was familiar with Micro-Tools and read the good things about this tool so it seemed like a no brainer.This tool is a pain to adjust . It ALWAYS hangs-up when you try to slide it which translates to taking an eternity to size the tool to the ring . The tips are also a bit on the large side . Fit fine on some , like the rear rings on medium format lenses . But do not fit smaller , more delicate front trim rings well at all . I will likely have to file and shape the tips a little before I consider using this on those . I was also surprised , seeing how pristine the tool looks in the images , that mine arrive with a bit of surface rust on it . And it was of course on the guide rods so that exacerbated the adjustment problems.I would not recommend this to anyone that frequently does camera repairs . It might do ok for non-delicate work , but it will not be seen near my lenses ever again .
 Tis item has been discontinued and there no refill tank available . It is a one tim use and then throw it away .
 Zero stars . This seller -LRB- TVAC tools -RRB- has this item listed as a 3 pack . I received 1 item . I contacted the seller and the basically called me a liar until I sent them the link to their item . They refused to honor the 3 pack but instead told me to send back the item . They refused to pay my return shipping -LRB- which Amazon paid THANKS ! -RRB- . Crooks ! They have this item on ebay for a buy it now price $ 5 cheaper!I did buy this product somewhere else and its AWESOME !!
 This rating is NOT for the product . Is for the seller.This price is OUTRAGEOUS !!!! You can purchase this some other places for less than $ 100 . Their price
 This is a very nice looking faucet . It has a nice finish.It has very low flow . I used this for a client and it provides a third of the flow of the faucet that it replaced .
 I have two DeWalt 36v batteries and after two years of mild use they will no longer take a charge . DeWalt advertises that you should be able to get 2000 charges out of these batteries . I got at the most 50 . This is flawed technology . I 'm now stuck with 800 dollars worth of useless tools .
 Bought the large combo kit . The first battery lasted about 10 minutes , and then nothing . The second battery never worked at all . Now both give me the `` 3 rapid blinking lights '' indicating dead batteries . No help from Amazon , and none from Dewalt . I own so much Dewalt equipment , I do n't want to begin to count them . But when something like this happens , it tarnishes their reputation to me so badly that I have serious doubts I would ever buy one of their products again . Now I have a $ 1000 investment that , just like these batteries ... is TRASH .
 I only got three charges out of the thing and now I have a useless set of tools . These batteries are complete junk and Dewalt will not back them up in any way . Aviod the 36v tools . the 18v work much better
 These , are the worse Batteries I have ever seen in Battery Electric Drills etc. . I have one of the very first 18 volt kit drills with 2-18 volt batteries 10 years old or more , and they still work . I bought 2 - batteries in 36 volt about a year ago and one of them is already giving the rapid 3 - blinking lights in charger and completely dead . I have used them very little , it looks mint . So quit doing your crooked advertising stating how good these batteries are , they sure do not last longer . Too damn expensive in the first place and terrible realiability . Complaints all over the internet , so do n't say have never heard of this problem . I have friends in carpentry and electrical business that have had Makita and Milwaukee tools that have had batteries that have also lasted 10 plus years ...
 This is n't the first 36 volt battery I 've bought from Amazon that did n't work . Every one I 've bought has n't worked . At first I thought it was my charger , but after talking to DeWalt , they said to check the date code stamped into the plastic . They were all 2006 ! These batteries are no good after 4 years , so they sold me expired batteries . Amazon hit me with email which I could n't ignore and asked me to review my purchases , so here you are . If I knew how to return it -LRB- which I suppose I could find out -RRB- I would , but I have little to no time . Any quick route to a return ?
 Several years ago I bought my husband several 36volt tool sets and batteries . He already had the 18volt tools and was very happy with them . We have so many batteries for both sets that we keep them in the heated shop bathroom , each on an individual charger , so they do n't freeze during the winter . Well we had the first three 36volt batteries drop dead one at a time after the first year . We had 4 batteries but one was still hanging in there . When my husband finally told me he was n't using the tools anymore because of the batteries -LRB- he needs at least 2 so he an change them out if they die while he 's working -RRB- , I contacted Dewalt and they put me in touch with the service center in Spokane WA . The service center was great , they sent us out 3 brand new batteries . Yeah , problem solved , so I thought . Well within 2 years , all 3 new batteries failed plus the original one that we had n't sent in . I could n't believe it . When I contacted the Dewalt service center again , they insisted that it was the way we were storing the batteries or something that we were doing that would have caused them to fail . I have spent a small fortune on these tools , extra chargers and batteries , and now they are worthless . It 's hard to write them off as a loss but I can not justify buying another one of these expensive batteries on the hope that it will last longer than all the others . Note for those who think it might be the way we are storing the batteries , they are in the same room with all the 18volt and 14volt batteries and the 36volt are the ONLY ones that failed . The 18 volt are about 6 years old and one of them is starting to fail . I highly recommend the 18volt or 14 volt system . Stay away from the 36volt . I have purchased many tools from Amazon but this is the first time I have felt the need to comment on one . Just had to warn people so they do n't get burned like we did .
 I had the exact same experience as Tom . The pole does n't fit in the base and there were NO SCREWS in the box . Unlike Tom I am not handy and will not file it down to make it fit . Nor will I go out to buy small screws . It is DOA
 Took a full day and two people to build , metal was bent -LRB- not damaged beyond use or I 'd go to the effort to ship it back -RRB- , some shelves do n't fit properly without hammering them in.Instructions were terrible - lacking and unclear.The colored bins are all gray despite the photo -LRB- go by the description -RRB- and the bottom bins are shown as larger in the picture , but are all the same size . Never judge a book by it 's cover I suppose .
 Not easy to use and not very well constructed . Knurled knob does not lock in very tight and is only good for about six inches .
 This measuring device is simply no good . I have had mine for several years , and I see by the photos in this product advertisement that it has not changed . I never use this item . The markings are almost impossible to read and the feet at too small . Plus , the adjustment is not all that easy.Do not buy this . Their are better products on the market for achieving the tasks this units was made for.AD2
 This is the 4th Digicode pad I have bought -LRB- I use two for my electric gate -RRB- . It works perfectly well , but the whole case is made from cheap plastic . The lid attaches with two plastic molded pins formed in the lid . One ALWAYS snaps off within a year , making it hard to use as a flip up lid , as it keeps coming off now . Also , I would recommend mounting to a flat surface and then caulking around the edges to prevent ants from nesting inside the base -LRB- which happened to mine outdoors - they affected the electronics . And at $ 38 a pop , it is not a bargain . I am looking for a new brand that is compatible . These are WAY overpriced.I give it a one star due to the price , quality and design .
 Despite being careful , this bit broke the first time out , drilling a ` just-set ' bit of JB-Weld . I would look elsewhere for a # 60 .
 So disappointed ! This faucet is in a bathroom that gets used perhaps once every 2-3 days . Cold handle got stuck multiple times , which I was able to loosen with WD 40 . After a couple rounds of stuckness , it snapped so it does n't work and the whole fixture must be replaced .
 The cold stem broke after 2 years of very light usage . The handle is a one piece assembly , so forget about trying to repair it . I 'm very disappointed in Kohler 's quality on this item .
 Not a big fan of spary paint . We shall see how it holds up . Ran out to fast , had to buy another can .
 I already own two Tensor halogen lamps and have been very satisfied . The quality of the halogen illumination is great , especially for reading . But the construction of this lamp is disappointing . The shape of the base and the location of the switch on the base requires a sideways push to actuate . But the lack of weight in the base and the slickness of the plastic on its bottom means that it scoots away when the switch is pushed , when on a smooth surface such as a wood table . I had to buy thick rubber pads to stick on the bottom to solve the problem . Also the flexible gooseneck is lighter weight than on my previous Tensors and feels a bit flimsy . And the chrome flashing on the reflector started to bubble up once the lamp was turned on . Altogether , I would say this lamp was poorly thought out , designed more for looks than function .
 I have hardly used this lamp for 30 hours in total . It stopped working abruptly . I even replaced the bulb with a new one but in vain . The lamp would not glow again!I contacted acehardware but they did not entertain my email even though this product carries a 1 year warranty.Very bad experience !
 Although I thought this would be a great reading lamp , I was very disappointed . The shiny chrome finish reflected the light itself no matter how I adjusted it . That was very distracting . And anyway , the little handle to move the head of the lamp would not work , it was just stuck somehow.The lamp got very hot quickly . I expected some heat , but this was too , too much.There was a bit of that electrical odor after first turning the lamp on , but that would probably go away after using it for a while . I did n't use the lamp long enough to find out.I do n't recommend buying this , sorry .
 We have used these paint guns to spray sign faces for many years . They changed the opening where the paint is sprayed from to a smaller hole . When I tried to buy the parts I needed , Campbell Hausfeld did n't carry those parts anymore . Now I have 4 paint guns I ca n't use .
 When I sent for the item I did n't know you had to make your own fence and this was only a clamp .
 Stay away from it and just use the shoulder bag . The hose easily gets clogged , and since it is very long it is tedious trying to clear it .
 This item was recommended with the Toro blower . However , the bucket does not allow enough air to pass through . As a result , the blower power is greatly reduced and the cover blows off . A really bad application that does not work .
 Love the concept - light , collapsible for storage , easily adapted to leaf vacuum . But when I picked it up to dump the VERY FIRST LOAD into our compost bin the handle just tore off in my hand ! Because Amazon sent this item in a ridiculously large box -LRB- about 6 '' x 36 '' x 48 '' -RRB- when it could have fit into a box the size of two large pizza 's , and I had already recycled the box , now it will be a big hassle to return it so I 'm stuck with defecto , just waiting for the other handles to come off .
 I have spent over ten hours trying to get the the Toro 51500 Universal Leaf Collector with 8-Foot Hose to stay on the bucket . First I had to use a tie wrap to keep the black hose in the cloth cover . After doing that , I had to buy a bunge cord to hold the cover on the bucket . Again to no avail !! No place for the air to go so it push the cloth cover out from under the bunge cord . The 15 holes in the bottom are not sufficient . I do not believe these items were meants to be used together and I have yet to figure out what the leaf collector is supposed to attach to.This total purchase was a complete waste of money !!
 I am going to quote another review : `` I have one of the original buckets that Toro put out about 6 + yrs ago . I bought it at Home Depot . Now , HD does n't carry them anymore , so when I saw it on Amazon , I bought it . The `` new , '' bucket is a sign of the times ; made somewhere like China , and created from inferior materials relative to the original . The siding material on the original was canvas , and the spring was much , much more durable ; the diameter of the metal in the coil was almost double . This stronger spring enable the bag to stand on it 's own , especially with a full bag inside . The new one starts to `` collapse , '' slightly when the bag starts getting full . In addition , the old bag would `` hold the load , '' when you started filling , and if some got caught on the edge . The new bag collapses like a wet noodle . I paid the exact same price for both . The bag was easier to get out of the newer one , as my older one would create more vacuum . In fact , the bottom fell out of my older one , actually making it easier when the bag 's full to lift the hoop over ... all in all , I guess my expectations were to get a bag just like my original ... but , did n't . I believe the weaker spring should be upgraded to the original . `` This is a way inferior product from the original ... feel like I got ripped off ... Do NOT buy !!!! ... Emailed Toro questioned them on this being a totally inferior product to the original/no response ...
 I have been using a Lawson Products Easy Bagger for years and prefer it . It goes inside my plastic bags , is easy to remove , has no fabric on which mold and mildew can grow , and is less than half the price . Hard to beat the Lawson Products Easy Bagger .
 This bag is very pretty and nicely made , but I do n't get the idea of how to use it . It has a hard time staying up -LRB- the spring needs to be a little stronger -RRB- . But that was n't really a problem . Pulling a loaded bag out of it is really hard to do . I have been using a plastic garbage can with some holes drilled in the bottom -LRB- lets the bag come out easily -RRB- and costs much less . Storage is nice on this , but if you ca n't use it to do what it 's supposed to do why store it ! I 'll take a plastic garbage can any day.Jack
 hose pops out , the thing tips over.I had to use a giant hose clamp to hold it on then the bag finaly blew off the tub .
 It 's a nice bucket but its way too big to fit a trash bag over the edge and if I ca n't do that , so that the leaf mulch ends up in a bag , I have to do the extra work of bagging the mulch out of it . I could have done that without spending the money . I want my money back !
 I have one of the original buckets that Toro put out about 6 + yrs ago . I bought it at Home Depot . Now , HD does n't carry them anymore , so when I saw it on Amazon , I bought it . The `` new , '' bucket is a sign of the times ; made somewhere like China , and created from inferior materials relative to the original . The siding material on the original was canvas , and the spring was much , much more durable ; the diameter of the metal in the coil was almost double . This stronger spring enable the bag to stand on it 's own , especially with a full bag inside . The new one starts to `` collapse , '' slightly when the bag starts getting full . In addition , the old bag would `` hold the load , '' when you started filling , and if some got caught on the edge . The new bag collapses like a wet noodle . I paid the exact same price for both . The bag was easier to get out of the newer one , as my older one would create more vacuum . In fact , the bottom fell out of my older one , actually making it easier when the bag 's full to lift the hoop over ... all in all , I guess my expectations were to get a bag just like my original ... but , did n't . I believe the weaker spring should be upgraded to the original .
 Very disappointed in this Bucket , it does n't accept the refuse bags . I have a stantard 30Gal garbage can that works better with the bags . You dont need this if you have to vacuum the leaves into the container and then try to get into your refuse bags . What a pain in the bag !
 Bought three of these nets . Pros
 Note
 Out remodeling company bought -LRB- 1 -RRB- 6-tool Dewalt 18V and -LRB- 1 -RRB- 6 tool Makita 18V cordless tool systems . The Makita is truly industrial quality and the DeWalt a poser . Had to have both side by side to truly judge the difference . If Makita was as good as Dewalt is in marketing tools , Dewalt would soon be out of business !!
 I ordered my product over a month ago and still have n't received it . They do n't even answer emails asking about it . I ca n't rate the item , I never received it .
 Great fan , but the light is not . If you need light this is not the fan for you . The bulbs are the small mount type , so you ca n`t use the standard bulb for more light ... johan
 I purchased this product on line through Amazon . I paid an electrician to install it and noticed it was a little noisy now after only minimal use -LRB- approx two weeks -RRB- it has stopped working . Since I no longer have any of the packaging I can not return it . Stuck with a lemon that I will have to pay to have removed . Buy direct from store then you can still return .
 The package was short one blade for the fan . Had to pay an electrician to come and install it at 4100/hour and he could n't because of that . I need the other fan blade .
 Unfortunately , the unit I received did not work properly when my electrician installed it . The lights worked , but the fan part did not . It was sent back and I purchased a different Hunter model that works great . I 've owned other Hunter fans and they have performed as expected .
 I can not rate the fan itself because I found the globe was cracked in half when I opened the package . Thank God I had not strewn all the parts about and was spared the nightmare of trying to repackage . I do not know if it was a packaging problem at the company or if it happened through careless shipping . I returned it immediately . I am disappointed in the way Amazon now requires me to return items through the USPS instead of through UPS . In my view , if they deliver it to your door through UPS , then they should be equally ready to have it returned from the ease of your doorstep instead of having to lug it to your vehicle , drive to the post office and lug some more up the steps to hand over . It was not this way in the past .
 While we love the appearance of this fan -LRB- the wood is very attractive with the darker metal trim -RRB- and the fan runs quietly and smoothly , BEWARE that the glass of the light kit is open at the top , meaning that the light shines upward onto the ceiling . When the light is on and the fan is running , you get shadows on the ceiling of the spinning blades . It 's VERY distracting and hard on the eyes . Think of the people who live in the shadow of a windmill , it 's that sort of effect . I read reviews on this fan before purchasing , and I ca n't believe no one mentioned the awful spinning shadows . It 's especially bad as the evening gets later and there is less natural light in the room to diffuse the shadows . I would not recommend this fan to anyone , as the spinning shadows on the ceiling are just awful to live with .
 I had 6 Huter Fans in my house , the last one has just installed and motor made noises , I calld Huter , the customer service told me , it was not motor problem , but it was a part in there went bad , so no warranty was covered . He had to order that part and shipping cost total of approxiately $ 38.00 . I refused to buy and properly give it to someone since I do n't want to spend one more penny on Huter Fan . BTW , it was made in China ! That was Huter Fan Limited Lifetime Waranty !!!!
 Had this fan for 8 months , and the pull chain controlling the fan pulled right out of the switch housing , leaving no chain visible . It 's not as if kids were hanging on it -- it 's over our bed -- and it was unused during this past winter.Called Hunter technical support , left a voice mail . Emailed Hunter technical support . No response to either after 24 hours . Called Hunter again ; after 20 minutes on hold , got a representative who noted the fan was under warranty , and shipped out a replacement switch housing . It took a journeyman electrician close to an hour to replace the broken part , but now it works just fine.It is an attractive fan , but I fear too much went into the appearance , and not enough into quality components . We got a white GE ceiling fan at about the same time for the kid 's room ; it 's not nearly as pretty , but it works like a charm and the action of the pull chains is much easier and nicer than the pull chains on the Hunter fan . I wo n't be buying another Hunter fan .
 Having purchased a `` matte white '' Hunter fan locally , only to open it and find that matte white is some cream-color , I researched Hunter fans at the Hunter fan website and decided on this model , whose color is `` white '' . I ordered 2 of them from Amazon and when the boxes arrived , I opened them up only to discover that the fans -LRB- blades , housing , etc. -RRB- are NOT WHITE . They are that same cream/ivory color as the `` matte white '' !! I am very disappointed in Hunter fans and will be contacting that company directly to see whether they even understand what the color `` white '' is any more . Harbor Breeze and Hampton Bay still make WHITE fans!I am hopeful that Amazon will take these fans back without costing me an arm and a leg for shipping . Unlike many colors in the world , I do not feel that `` white '' is open to interpretation . It is either white -LRB- devoid of pigment -RRB- or it is not , which means it is a different color . These fans are a different color .
 Air movement is somewhat disappointing . I bought a couple of Hampton Bay fans for other bedrooms -LRB- same size -RRB- , and the high speed is higher on them . The fan is slightly out of balance , so I will need to work on balancing it , unlike the Hampton Bay fans . It was missing the tassel ends for the chains , so I 'm contacting Hunter directly on getting them . If the electrician had not already installed it , I would have returned it . Hopefully , the motor will last longer on the Hunter . It was supposed to have medium base bulbs , but it actually has candelabra base - not my favorite . In its favor , it is a very nice looking fan and it is quiet . Amazon needs to adjust its `` return '' policy to include shipping missing parts so you do n't have to return a bulky item for a small missing part . They have no easy way to contact them regarding such issues .
 I purchased two hunter fans . One of them had all of the parts & pieces and installed quickly . The instructions were very clear and the finish and fit were high quality.The other ceiling fan was missing the screws that you need to secure the fan assembly to the ceiling mount and the screws you need to secure the light bowl to the fan . Without those screws you have a pile of parts on the floor . I called the 800 number provided in the instructions to obtain the missing parts . After a lovely 15 minute wait on hold I was informed that those parts were backordered and would n't ship for 30 or so days . WHAT ? I guess they must have forgotten to include the screws in more than one fan since they were completely out of the parts and had a minimum back log to obtain new ones . This is for screws not a fan motor other assembled component . I asked the representative for a manager to call me to see if they could improve the 30 days . After 11 days I have not received a call back . I also went onto their web site to record my complaint . I finally received this replay after 11 days.From Hunter Fan Company Technical SupportThank you for contacting us . Unfortunately , we have had some staffing issues so our service level is not where it should be . We apologize for the long wait . We are hopeful that the plant will improve the current schedule date for your fan 's hardware and if that happens we will be able to expedite your order.Please contact us again if we can help in any way.End of Hunter Fan Company ResponseI guess Hunter Fan is having some serious problems so I think we should all support them by buying their competitors products for the next six months or so until they can hopefully catch up .
 This is the third Hunter ceiling fan I 've purchased in two years . The first two were for small bedrooms -LRB- less than 130 SF -RRB- and this third one is for a larger bedroom -LRB- 150 SF -RRB- . The installation was straightforward , simple and went up quickly . No problems there.Turning it on and adjusting the fan speed proved a disappointment . The other two ceiling fans for the smaller bedrooms turn much faster at its highest setting , but this Astoria 22461 fan turns about the same speed on its highest setting as the other two on their 2nd or middle speed . All three were approximately the same price.Don ' t buy this fan if you 're expecting strong air movement for a larger room . Buy another brand or different model of Hunter . Not recommended .
 Do n't waste your money on this type of shower filters.No filter of this size can filter out Chlorine , not to mention Chloramine .
 I should have returned it before i went through the trouble of putting this filter on . By this i mean , it did n't look like it had a decent screwing mechanism in place for when you need to change filter down the road and it does n't . I guess you have to forceably pull it apart . I decided to ignore that aspect for now being excited to try the difference in having a filtered water but alas the leakage through the seems was so bad that i had to send it back . I am now ordering the white one with a screw mechanism , hopefully no leaks .
 I moved to FL and the water in WPB is too hard ! Leaves water spots on everything . I started getting a rash on my shoulders , face breaking out , my beautiful hair was breaking ... so I tried the Vitamin C filter first in July , and everything seem fine . So I put that one in the other bathroom after using it in my bathroom for 1 month . I decided to try the sprite filter and put in my bathroom . First month ok , but started noticing dry skin . Flipped it over , I am getting skin irritations , dry skin , water spots ... I bought this in late Sept 2012 ... I do not recommend and it did n't last a year or a proper 2 months !!!!
 First , according to the documentation that came with it , this filter only removes about 50 percent of the chlorine in tap water , and it does not remove any chlorine byproducts at all . Thinking that any filter is better that no filter -LRB- usually applied to pitcher filters , etc. -RRB- , I installed it anyway . It leaked . The O-ring that fits on either end of the little barrel filter had not seated properly . Water all over the place . Took it down . Took it apart . Put it back together . No leak for two months . Then the other day , turned on the shower , heard a pop , and it leaks again . Took it down , took it apart . Put it back together . Still leaks . It 's going into the trash . Do n't bother with this filter , if for no other reason than it 's not very good at what it claims to do . There are more effective products out there . I have one in my other place .
 I squeezed out all the product I could into a 2 ounce plastic bottle to be able to get through TSA screening . That it should do , BUT LESS than 2 ounces came out . See two photos on product page
 I am in MOSQUITO CENTRAL ... with West Nile Virus at the peak of its season & when I applied this , I was bitten at least 20 times in 10 minutes.I looked for a expiration date but there was not one.I am sure this is expired or it would have worked.This was a waste of money & now I have to pray those bites are not from infected mosquitos.West Nile is DEADLY !!!!
 Product worked well . No mosquito bites . Rubbed lightly on skin and clothing . Pump spray would probably work well also .
 This case will not fit the Bosch 1594K Planer well and is not needed . The Bosch 1594K Planer already comes with a heavy-duty plastic carrying case that fits the Planer well and is larger than this case by several inches -- in fact the Planer is packaged inside the plastic case when you receive it and open it . I bought the 2 together as a package deal from Amazon expecting that this case would fit the Planer and that the Planer came without a case of any kind . Amazon never listed the fact that the case is an extremely tight fit -LRB- I could never get my Bosch 1594K Planer inside it -RRB- . I preferred the Plastic case that came with the Planer from Bosch and returned this case as I viewed it as useless to me . Just so you know , if the Bosch tool has a K at the end of the model number it means that a carrying case is included from Bosch when you purchase the tool.This metal case is way overpriced for what you receive.It will easily dent and scratch from use and in my view the Plastic included case is far superior and much lighter . If Amazon had informed me of this or just said in the listing that the tool already had a case I would never have purchased this metal case as a package deal.It was a hassle to return it and I felt cheated by the whole experience .
 These gloves are very nice , but are only 13.25 '' long . I was counting on using all 18 '' that they promised . If I got burned 17 '' up from my finger tip , would Amazon cover the hospital bill ? But I digress
 I thought these would be good for bread baking -LRB- we use an iron skillet with lid in oven at 500 degrees -RRB- . As soon as I grabbed the skillet with these gloves , the heat went straight through to my hands in seconds , and the glove 's material smoked and charred.Anything over 450 degrees is too much for these things.These may be good for welding , but not for cooking .
 This US Forqe 400 Welding Gloves is not a true one size fit all . It is extremely small . It is very tight that you wo n't be able to move your fingers -- a safety hazard . It will fit user 's hands who wears a size from extra small to small gloves . Those who wears a work gloves or mechanic gloves size medium and larger will want to try out a pair of welding gloves at a local store or vendor before purchasing .
 These are not one size fits all . The tag on the inside says SIZE
 Burned out the first time I used and has n't worked since . Lasted about 10 minutes . I bought a $ 15 Weller 40 watt soldering iron at my local hardware store to replace this one and that has been working fine.I do not recommend this product .
 Bad design . If you put a mop on it , nothing else will fit . Put something heavy on it and everything will fall off . Overall , pretty useless except to hang a couple brooms and a dustpan . Total disappointment . Would not buy again .
 it arrived and never could power on . I changed out the batteries to make sure they were n't bad . It appears the button itself does n't work at all . I ordered these before leaving for Afghanistan and had to leave them behind .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 the tarpeez is the worst item I ever bough.In 5 hours of driving at 65 miles per hour the tarp flapped it ` sself to shreds.Almost as bad as the cheap blue tarps . . I was very disapointed in it . . Maybe at slower speeds it would have been fine.As far as putting in on the truck , it was easy ... I would not recommend to anyone . .
 I liked the basic design . Followed all the instructions . The fabric is good . The bungee is good . The problem is the fabric cut the bungee . If there was some sort of protection for the bungee , such as a large smooth grommet , it would be great . I removed it before it completely failed and returned it for a refund .
 Returning item for full refundTarpeez Soft Bed Cover -LRB- Long 8ft Bed -RRB- . The advertising of this product is misleading - the material is not durable whatsoever . Very shoddy material contstruction . The package sez , `` 100 % money back guaranteed ! IMPROVED WITH RIPSTOP . '' Let me tell you , there was n't anything stopping this tarp from ripping ; it 's about as durable as a piece of Charmin toilet tissue . The tarp itself was n't made for trucks ; the pretty girls sure help in selling the product on the Tarpeez website , but it could n't even withstand covering a simple load of camping gear . After an hour an a half on the road , the tarp in a few spots looked like a frag grenade went off in the back of my pickup truck . The R&D ; department at Tarpeez needs to come up with a real `` new and improved '' tarp built for trucks and not this crappy material the same consistency as my wife 's pajamas . From a `` truck guy , '' I thought this product would be worth it 's weight in gold , but I must say this was by far the worst purchase I 've made in the past calendar year . Maybe I fell for the girls on the advertising .
 This product is made of nylon , and tears very easy . The fitment of the clips are not great , as they do not hook on all types of tie downs . You have to hook them the the inside lip of the wheel well and bumper . I have a 6.5 ft bed and it did not cover all of it because it constantly wants to pull to one side or another . If you need something quick and temporary this is good , other than that its not worth it . Mine only lasted a couple of weeks .
 it lasted about a week , hard to charge up when it was new . Basically , it lasted 2 charges , then it was done . Wo n't recharge anymore .
 I have owned a few of these previous models of crank flashlights . The concept and features are great . But do n't count on them for an emergency flashlight . I would of given these things above five stars if it were n't for the battery issue . The batteries will only last for about a year or two if your lucky with proper care . You have to crank them up and charge them up like once a month to help condition the batteries . If you do n't then the life of the batteries will diminish . And by diminish , I do n't mean it will die and just needs to be charged up again . I mean that the battery will not hold a charge anymore . The charge will last shorter and shorter and eventually hold no charge . Look up the reviews on the older models and the batteries are an issue . The flashlight and radio will still work if your cranking it.You can find replacement batteries online and replace them . The batteries are like a wafer and not a standard rechargeable battery you can buy anywhere . And you have to know what you are doing to take it apart and put it back together . But to do that every year or two would not be practical . If you are relying on these for an emergency then you are taking a gamble . But like I said earlier , you can still crank it and use the flashlight . But once you stop cranking you are left in the dark . So better than nothing if you look at it that way . I am assuming here that all types of electronics that use this rechargeable crank technology have the same fault with their batteries . All rechargeable batteries will degrade over time . These crank lights use a wafer battery . Hence there is n't much of a chemical content for it to fail gradually in time like a regular sized rechargeable battery that has larger volume and will fail over a longer period in time.If you or anyone you know owns crank type rechargeable radios , flashlights , etc. for an emergency kit , I would highly suggest getting them out and testing them to see if the batteries are still holdng a charge . Do n't want to find out they do n't work when you need them . Would recommend getting an led or cree type flashlight that has low battery consumption and no worry about bulb going out and a radio that uses the same size and type of commonly found batteries for an emergency . Get a brick of batteries and remember to replace the batteries with new ones and use the older ones every couple of years to make sure their fresh . Try finding a specialized wafer battery in an emergency . I 'll bet the people that wrote the good reviews have just gotten their lights or have them in storage for an emergency and have n't checked them since . If you have one that does n't hold a charge anymore , do n't throw it out . Just toss it in your glove or emergency kit . Like I said earlier you can still crank it and get light if you have nothing else .
 EDIT 6/22/11
 I ordered two of these , one for home emergencies and one for a Christmas gift . Once they arrived I opened the one for home use and cranked the handle for 2 minutes as stated on the package -LRB- on the website it says 1 minute crank for 20 minutes of light -RRB- , on the package it states that cranking for that long will give you 8-12 minutes of light from the flashlight . It only stayed lit for 1.5 minutes , which is a far cry from what is advertised . The other unit seemed to work properly but I decided that a 50 % success ratio was not good enough for me to give one of them as a gift . So they are being returned . Other than the one defective unit the product itself is ok , light was just ok -LRB- from the one that worked -RRB- . The radio worked fine , I could pick up a couple local stations -LRB- decent for emergencies -RRB- . Not sure what the durability of these units would be , they were made of the cheap plastic that most of these type unit are made from . Purchase at your own risk .
 I ussed the supplied charging adaptor with my car iphone charger & tried to charge my iphone , but it said that it was not supported .
 This item is a piece of junk . It has already boken and ca n't hold a a small strip of leather . I bought 6 of them as gifts and now ca n't use them . I am returning them .
 I bought a Swan Soft and Supple hose at a local hardware store many years ago , and it was excellent . Later , when I wanted to buy more , the local store was gone -LRB- a victim of the big store I 'll leave out of this -RRB- . I found that particular hose was still available online , and bought a few more . -LRB- I have a large lot , and need 175 ' of hose in front and in back . -RRB- This last hose , however , was terrible . If you 're dragging a hose and it gets a loop , pulling from a distance just results in it folding and kinking . I do n't know if these hoses are out of production and have been sitting on the shelf too long , or they 're no longer being made with the quality of materials they were years ago . This will be the first time I 've ever scrapped a nearly new hose , but it 's just too terrible to bother fighting with . I 'm trying another brand that has good reviews here on Amazon , and wo n't be buying Swan again , ever .
 I purchased 4 of these flashlights to give to my kids for a trip . Foolishly assuming that they are simple flashlights , what could go wrong , I did not save the packing material -LRB- there were no instructions , why would you need them for a flashlight -RRB- . I tried all 4 with fresh Duracell batteries , even checked the batteries and they were fully charged . Not a single one of the 4 flashlights that I ordered and received worked . I changed the position of the batteries , did everything that could be done with a flashlight to make it work - nothing . Clearly they are not the highest craftsmanship , but to get 4 out of 4 is impressively bad . Please do not waste your money .
 2 out of 3 failed to turn `` on '' on 3 different sets of batteries -LRB- which worked in 3rd one -RRB- . Very disappointing!One that works is bright and all appears to be well mechanically made , with 2 o-ring seals.Too bad , electrical/functional yield is 33 % ...
 Do n't purchase this item ! I purchased this flashlight as a gift for an elderly relative and after installing the batteries it flickered and died . Since I kept it for > 30 days before I was out of luck returning it . My bad . So , I ordered a new unit and apologized to my mother-in-law for the defective gift . We installed the batteries and presto
 I purchased this flashlight and it did not work . I used batteries other that were included with flashlight and still did not work . I returned flashlight and got my money back .
 I bought this as a Christmas present & got a call a few days after Christmas asking if I had the receipt because it did n't work ! Tried new batteries & nothing . I did n't keep the packing materials/receipt so I could n't even return it . Embarrassed & dissapointed .
 This flashlight worked well for 34 days and then died 4 days after the return limit was up . I guess I will just have to eat my loss on this one , but I hope I can disuade someone else from making the same mistake I made . This flashlight is n't worth any amount of money . Fair warning !
 Of the 21 LEDs 20 work . If you tap it right I get a bright light . Otherwise it 's a dim low light . It flickers on and almost off . That 's when a lite tap works . This is a pice of crap flashlight . I ca n't believe Amazon sales something as low in quality as this flashlight . I 'd send it back but I gave it to a friend . I went to Lowe 's and got a LED flashlight that works .
 This light had a flickering problem from the first time I turned it on , and then it got so it would flicker on and off even when it was turned `` off , '' so I could n't even store it with batteries in it . Total junk .
 I bought this flashlight for walking my dog in the evening and while I loved it the first few times now it constantly flickers , dims , and is more irritating than it is helpful . On the upside the size is perfect for long walks but does not serve it 's purpose which is to help me see where I am going . Sadly I bought a 3-LED pup-light for my dog and that does n't flicker and is 20 times brighter !
 The shipping was quick , the light is very bright and batteries were included . However , if you lightly shake the flashlight the light goes on and off . Overall , for the price , not bad . I just wanted to try an LED flashlight .
 This is a nice 20-LED flashlight . Brand new right out of the package one of the LED 's did not work .
 The batteries they provided did not turn the flashlight on so I tried my own new ones and the flashlight still would not even flicker .
 This light looks great , feels and looks solid , but the switch to turn it on and off is bad . I have to jiggle it back and forth to get it to come on , which makes it usable , but not a first choice . The price is good , but I have to look for something that is going to work reliably and I suggest you do too .
 This flashlight is great when it works . The flickering , as mentioned in other reviews , is unchanged by shaking or twisting the model . The light output is bright , but not as bright as a single-LED flashlight I already own . I would have expected brighter light from this 21-LED flashlight.Other than that , the flashlight is sturdy , lightweight , and it fits nicely in the palm of my hand .
 Received one of these as a gift , it failed to work from the very beginning.The battery compartment is completely without label as to how the batteries are supposed to be installed , and in spite of trying all possible variations of battery orientation , I get absolutely no response when I press the button .
 I was wanting more light and this one all the lights did not seem to work right . Not very practical
 I bought this flashlight with the expectation of exceptional brightness out of the light as was indicated by several reviews . There are 21 eyelets on the light - NOT LEDs . At best this does no better than a decent single LED light in terms of brightness . Also , the LED for my purchase failed after a very short lifetime -LRB- < 8 months -RRB- . There are much better options out there for less money .
 When I attempted to insert the batteries , I discovered that the manufacturer had omitted the battery cage/holder/compartment , so there 's no way for the three batteries to make contact as needed . I 've never before seen one of these short , wide compact flashlights that did n't have some sort of cradle or holder for the batteries.This is a real disappointment because I could see -LRB- by borrowing a battery cage from a similar unit I have by another manufacturer -RRB- that 21 LEDs really put out a lot of light , and I love the compact size.When I opened the box from Amazon today the flashlight was completely encased in a rigid clear plastic container which was completely sealed and clearly had never been opened since leaving the factory . So someone at the factory 's quality control department was asleep on the job!Amazon is refunding my money , but I dare not order a replacement unit for fear that it , too , will be one that 's missing the battery holder .
 Neiko 40290 Super-Bright 21-LED Aluminum Flashlight , Gunmetal SilverThis is the worst flashlight that I have ever bought . This thing would not come on when I put the batteries in . Finially got it to burn but now it flickers or goes off just when you need it the worst . I would not recamend it to anyone . This is not a product of Amazon quality . If I ran Amazon I would pull it off my shelves.disappointed , Frank
 As mentioned in other reviews , the amount of light put out by this flashlight is surprisingly strong for such a small unit . However , the flickering is unbearable and shaking it or adjusting the contacts do n't seem to make any meaningful difference . It 's virtually unusable for me and very annoying . I want to like this very portable flashlight , but I would n't recommend it . I 'm going to look toward more expensive , hopefully more reliable , LEDs .
 I ordered a total of 3 of these little lights to keep in several places . For the first few weeks they all seemed to work just fine . But then like a well oiled machine they all started to flicker and fail whenever any length of time went by between using them . They fade and flicker something awful and are VERY annoying to use . Especially when you really need them . If I had just ordered one and it flickered and farted out constantly I would just assume I got hold of a bad one . But three of them ? I would not recommend these lights at all . They have to have better ones out there that actually do something amazing . Like stay lit ...
 I wish the web page had said it came with a warning to `` always wear ANSI approved safety goggles when using product . '' The product also says `` Before using this product , the user should read the operating instructions '' but of course it did n't come with any operating instructions . I thought my kid could take it to camp , but now I wonder if it will blind somebody .
 when it 's $ 8 , you get what you pay.Amonzon always increases the price when they get good reviews , so the price is more than $ 11 . Now I got less than what I paid . Fit and finish is not that good and it gets hot for 10 min use . Light is bright but it flickers sometimes .
 I bought this light to use as handy light for my job . It is small and comes with a holster I can put on my safety belt . The light is rugged , well finished and very bright . However after about 10 minutes , it gets too hot to hold . The heat starts creeping back from the LEDs in the front of the light after a few minutes . It little while later , you ca n't even hold it . It 's fine for short duration use , but that is all . I have since retired this light to home use . The most I 'll use it for is looking under the couch for my kids toys . Luckily , I also bought the 9 LED version . It is more cheaply made , is n't as bright but does n't get hot . I now use the 9 LED model at work with the holster that came with the 21 LED model .
 The good , sturdy , very bright light when not flickeringthe bad , flickers from dim to bright , can not find a loose contact.Can not recommend
 It is only the chime , and nothing else . You have to buy a transformer , and a switch to get it working . It does work though .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 I thought when it said black , it would completely black out the windows like I needed . Not a fan and I did n't know there was a special spray needed either until I read the enclosed directions .
 The first one I bought lasted 3 days and died , Amazon replaced it with no problem only to have the other one last 3 weeks . It is a rip off SAVE YOUR MONEY IT IS USELESS . Now it is too late to get a refund but I must add this is the only item I have bought from Amazon I have had a problem with .
 It worked great and looked terrific ... . for about 30 minutes and died a quick death ! The packages stated that it is under warranty but not a word about what to do about it , no address , phone number ... nothing . Waste of money !
 I had thought it would be comprable to an estwing , but the quality is not good . It nicks at the slightest tap on a stone . I would not recomend this chinese knockoff .
 Have had this hammer for about three or four weeks . Great hammer , nice looking , however after a couple of trips I noticed that the black ` button ' near the end of the handle was protuding slightly . On a trip this week , the ` button ' which turned out to be a plastic rod which goes through the handle , and which secures the handle onto the shaft fell out and disappeared when I was breaking some rocks.I now have a hammer that tries to come apart when I hit a rock - horrible design ! I guess I now have to find a steel rod to replace the plastic one - something Valley should have done in their original design!I think I 'll stick with Estwing for my next hammer purchase !
 This ratchet was bought in preparation for a motorcycle trip . Had used a craftsman set for a while and thought the `` ready ratchet '' would be lighter and more efficient use of space . Took the tool out and it was light weight , but had more plastic that I 'd prefer . The stack of sockets in the handle is nicely designed , but the cap feels flimsy and fragile . Took out the 13mm socket and snapped it on - seems good so far . However the socket spun freely both directions no matter what I did to the yellow plastic selector on the back , it would n't engage the socket.Tried returning the tool , but it was past the 1 month return policy -LRB- definitely check your items soon after their arrival -RRB- . So , not willing to toss out a tool that is paid for , A few minutes later and work with a micro screwdriver had the retaining spring off . The inner part of the handle has a fixed gear ring . There was plastic filling the teeth of 3 of them completely . Took a screwdriver and these cleaned out easily . Unfortunately , that was not enough to make the tool work . The inner piece of the ratchet has a spring loaded lever that presses a set of teeth against the outer ring . This was poorly crafted with a large bent tooth and the edges very rough - they were grabbing the plastic handle and not rotating as needed to operate . Well , after 10 minutes with a swiss file , it works , but will not be in my tool bag . This is not a quality tool and reliability in the field is certainly suspect . Look elsewhere if you want a reliable , quality tool
 NO Ratchet included as advertised.I returned this product and am waiting for a refund?Very small will not even fit a 15 '' tire
 The description did not include the length of the straps . Therefore I took a chance in ordering them . Tire size should be included . I asked about changing/exchanging for longer ones but do n't know how to get a hold of anyone to do this . They are designed for ratchet type tie downs , they are not included .
 The product was of poor quality , rusted on parts , and bent at the handles . For so cheap I should have suspected as much , but was maybe a little delusional in thinking I might get a decent pair of hemostats for so cheap . Not using them for surgery of course , but at the very least hoped for the appearance of `` newness '' , which these lacked . Customer service seems fine with this seller , nothing wrong there , but the product is in no way similar to the picture on the site . If you 're looking for decent hemostats these are not the ticket , however if you just need some cheap little clamps for whatever you 're working on these will probably do the trick .
 Works just fine on new batteries . Goes through them about every 2 hours of use . Spend the extra money and buy an LED book light !
 Do n't waste your money -- this constantly flickers , very unstable . GO for a higher priced bet better made product .
 As one viewer noted , the light is n't shaded on top . Thus , when you attach it to your book , it illuminates the page but also shines back up into your eyes . Very poor design . I 'll end up replacing it as it is useless for the intended purpose .
 This book light has two major design flaws . The first and the most critical is that while illuminating the pages the light also shines directly into your eyes . This is because there is no backing on the exposed light . It is a major nuisance.The second design flaw has to do with the fact that the clip is part of the back of the battery cover so if you push to hard while putting the light in place the whole back cover comes off and your batteries spill out.There are much better book lights out there . Pass on this one .
 The straps themselves seemed much too thin , and would not lock into buckle . The white stitching was missing , as if a single layer was used in place of triple webbing described on Highland website . In contrast to the straps , the plastic-coated hooks looked very good and solid , as did the heavy buckle . If the straps were anything like the described `` PowerWeb Plus with tubular edge design , '' I might have been very happy with the product . As I received it , I was very worried that it would n't hold 200 lbs , much less 500 pounds .
 These are very cheaply made , as one might expect from the price . Of the four I received , one was so tight as to be difficult to open and close and one was so loose as to not lock securely . This effectively doubles the price of the other two , and unless one orders $ 20 worth the shipping effectively doubles the price again - not a good value at all .
 I purchased this kit for and through work , and it arrived with a broken base on the plunge which included a crack through one of the three set screw holes and scratches on the bottom indicating that it had been used before . I wound up simply going to a Dewalt service center to order a replacement base -- which is two weeks out . The function of the plunge does not glide as well as a larger plunge Dewalt that I also ownn which all adds up to a huge disapointment . Skip this model -- and vendor -- if you can !
 DEWALT DW618PK 2-1/4 HP Electronic Variable Speed Fixed Base / Plunge Router Combo Kit ... Used this machine 4 times and this router went dead , no power , no reason , just went dead in the middle of a busy week . Also the on & off switch is in a very badplace . Customer service is as good as the tool . You can keep this piece of junk . I hope this has help you .
 The router I received is great with the fixed base . The motor wo n't fit into the plunge base , and the plunge base came with a broken sub-base . I should have gone with the dedicated plunge router . DeWalt deserves a black eye for their lack of Product QA .
 I 've used this router off and on for 4-5 years , and was generally happy when using it in handheld applications . Enough power for smaller work - rabbets , dovetails , etc , but not good for bigger bits . I had it setup in my router table and was taking a fairly large round-over bit to about 100 feet of doug-fir . About halfway through the mechanism stuttered , overheated and died on me today . I probably wo n't buy another to replace it .
 Product arrived with missing pieces and a damaged part . The centering cone/pin was missing , but since I have others this was n't a show-stopper . The broken quick release latch on the fixed base was . It appears that the poorly designed molded case was the culprit for the damage since the routers are not firmly held in place . Also , accessories would not have secure places in the case.A call to the manufacturer offered the addresses of the nearest factory and service centers , both hours away . I requested that the missing pieces and broken parts be sent to me and I would do the repairs . Not acceptable to them . So much for excellent customer service . So , it 's going back to Amazon for a refund using their excellent return services
 I 've had this router for a 2-3 years . When it 's working , it 's great . The problem is that it 's often broken . The main bearing on mine overheated and failed shortly after I bought it . I sent it in to the service center , where they repaired it . After relatively little use , the main bearing failed again today . I only use it occasionally , so I 'm sure it was n't from normal wear . Besides , I 've got cheaper and older routers that have seen much harder use and still work . I 'm not impressed . Now I have to either buy a new motor and hope it 's better , or scrap the whole thing . Argg .
 I used to recommend DeWalt products to everyone who would listen to me because the ergonomics are so superior . Lately , though , the quality has gotten so bad , I have a hard time doing that.My suggestion is to skip all the reviews by people who just pulled it out of the box , and read the reviews by people who have used it for a while.I bought the DW618PK through Amazon several years ago . After about the 10th use , the plastic spindle lock button broke . I did n't care too much because it was a pain to use , so I started using two wrenches instead.Then , everything went into storage for 2 years -LRB- past the warranty period -RRB- . Later , after about the 20th use , the motor died . It turns out that the magnetic ring on the armature fell apart -LRB- apparently , a common problem -RRB- , but the pieces took out the windings on the armature , as well . I called a DeWalt repair shop for an estimate . They want $ 20 to tell me what 's wrong and then there will be an hourly rate plus parts to repair it . Also , they are backed up for weeks with work . It will be about a month before they can get to it . It may cost as much as a new DW618 -LRB- for about $ 170 from Amazon -RRB- , so I 'm trying to decide if I should buy another brand , instead.If it was n't for the quality problems , I still like the ergonomics . The handgrips are comfortable and the dust collection on the plunge base is great - as is the detachable cord , the quick-release latch for the motor , and the centering tool used when changing the subbase . When it runs , the motor is a good , strong motor , and I especially like the ability to easily switch between 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' bits . The spindle lock could have been better designed and it is much easier to lock the bit in using two wrenches , instead . A real spindle lock would have been nice.If ergonomics are important to you , then buy this one and cross your fingers . If you want reliability , look elsewhere .
 I loved my router until the motor died . I do n't think I got a lot of use out of my router before it died . I used it off an on for about 11 months ... but it probably ran for a cumulative 20-30 hours over that period . Given that DeWalt is supposed to be the professional/industrial end of Black & Decker , I was extremely dissapointed when the router motor just stopped . Turned out that the magnet in the motor broke apart . This is a problem that seems common with this router . Fortunately , it was under warrenty . DeWalt fixed it in 4 weeks -LRB- that gave me four weeks to contemplate what other brand I will buy now -RRB- when they said it would be 1 week . They also did a lousy job fixing it . They arranged it so that I can not tighten my collet to the point where I think it presents a danger .
 I purchased this combo set at a tool show and returned it the next day . Problems being that some parts were missing and the plastic portion on the plunge base was cracked . I am sure they would have exchanged it , but it does n't say much for future durability . Dewalt is usually great . I have a lot of their stuff . I 'm sure they will get this combo set right with a few more months under their belt . In the meantime I picked up the Bosch - It seems more durable , came with a great edge guide and is a pleasure to work with .
 This product arrived on schedule . My first instinct is to always look at packaging to see if it 's been opened before . This one had been . A piece of packing tape that sealed the outer cardboard shell was missing as indicated by blemished strip of cardboard . Opened the tool case and found acrylic plates floating around out of their slots , which I do n't believe could happen during shipping if they had been in their proper slots . Noticed small dent by power cord receptacle which was caused by something sharp like an awl . Inspected acrylic plates closely and found many scratches . One quick release latch was completely broken off which also could n't have happened during shipping . After seeing these things I immediately packed it back up and ordered a replacement . This unit was NOT NEW . In addition they expect me to pay for shipping to return the item . We 'll see about that ! I am very disappointed .
 I bought this DeWalt 618 several years ago for my non-professional workshop . Within a couple of weeks of purchasing it the variable speed control stopped working and the router went to as high a speed as possible and stayed there . Being still under warranty it was repaired and returned and worked fine for another year before the same problem occurred.This time I more closely examined the motor and found that the collet end of the motor frame was broken . I know for a fact that the router has not been dropped or mishandled since I have owned it so it must have happened during manufacture , shipping or whatever . Unfortunately I discovered it too late and the regional -LRB- Atlanta -RRB- service center basically told me , `` Tough ! '' . -LRB- This service center seems to be very poorly managed ; especially in regards to speaking with customers ! -RRB- In the past I have had great service from DeWalt 's home office customer reps but this time I was unable to even contact the home office and they would not respond to my written correspondence.The router , when operating as new , is probably very good , but after viewing other reviews I find that most folks have had similar problems with the same results from DeWalt customer service ; and a good reason in my opinion to try a different brand !
 I have used Dewalt tools in the shop for 4 years now the routers are of good quality but the plug and plug attachment are just junk . Out of the 6 Dewalt routers I have 5 of the lock in plug attachments do not work any more . Where the plug locks into the router it breaks , also the pins that go into the plug break and come out . I am going to try Makita .
 I bought this router after much research and was happy as a clam to have it . Used it for a few projects and then I got busy with other stuff . After much time , I picked it up again for a project and while using it the motor burned out . My actual total usage time was less than 20 hours but the warranty had expired -LRB- at the time the warranty period was shorter than the current period -RRB- because it just sat in its box for a long time.Took it to a local authorized dealer and motor replacement $ was as much as a new router . I seriously thought about buying a new router but I had a D-handle for this one that I really liked . Asked it to be repaired but wait ! The motors were back ordered -LRB- you guessed it - from China -RRB- and it took 3 months to get the thing fixed . Since then its working fine but I am staying away from this brand in general .
 I just received my DW618PK and opened it up . Like a few other recent reviewers , I too am missing the centering tool . I 've used a number of Dewalt products and this is the first time a piece was missing . Hopefully it was an oversight that Dewalt can quickly correct . I contacted Dewalt and asked it to send me the missing part . Once I hear back from Dewalt and use the product , I will amend my review as appropriate as I have not yet used the router .
 I purchased this product . The soft start went on the fritz and the motor housing cracked . I called about the warranty and the angry telephone assistant said they would not cover bad casting und a limited warranty . Not the type of experience I would expect from a company that sales to so many contractors.In the end I would suggest you not by this product or expect Dewalt to stand behind any of their products . Better get the Bocsh .
 The tool came with air leaking from the trigger . The direction lever is very hard to move . You can stop the drill from turning with your finger.Seller made contact and promised to fix the problem .
 I tried this product and keep getting no reading or false readings . I do not recommend this product.Maybe another model of this company or another brand .
 This works as advertised provided that the outlet being tested is powered up . On the other hand , if the circuit is not powered up , this circuit breaker finder is useless . If that distinction had been made clear in the item description , I would not have purchased this item . It is because that the requirement that the circuit being tested be powered was not specified that I gave it two stars .
 It worked fine the first time I used it but that was it . The next time I tried it ... . nothing . I followed all the directions that came with it but there was no response as I moved the detector portion over the circuit breaker panel . Could not tell if it was the unit itself or the plug in part . Tried to locate a `` contact us '' address online but had no luck . I would not recommend spending any money on this item .
 I just got the Zircon CF12 and tried it for the first time . It has an `` continuous automatic calibration '' function . According to the instructions on the unit , you `` scan over all circuit breakers '' then `` rescan until the green LED only lights over one breaker . Rescanning causes unit to learn which signal is strongest . '' I found this setup a bit tricky to use for the first time . It also means that it can not be used to find other plugs on the same circuit , or to find wires in walls , as people do with the manually calibrated units.Also , the unit can not really distinguish the two sides of half-width breakers . Maybe I 'll like it better when I get used to it .
 This is the second one I have gotten with the same problem . I sent the first one back , and it was exchanged very quickly by Amazon , because when it would find the right breaker , it would light up , but not make a sound . Now I have gotten the second one and it does the same thing . I have emailed Zircon and asked them about it , but they seem to ignore my emails . I do n't know what to do , it works with the light , but it does not make a sound like all the literature says it should . That includes the paperwork I got with the unit . Not a problem with Amazon , who gave me splendid service but with Zircon , who wo n't even answer my inquiries about the unit .
 This Chinese-made piece of crap failed on the fourth test after installation . It was tested with clean water and on the fourth try , the motor seized and failed . The product was installed in accordance with all instructions , including the `` optional '' check valve . The lift was only four feet , but the pump ca n't even handle that load . Wayne used to make solid products , apparently not any more . Do not buy this pump !!
 I returned this item an hour after receiving it . I installed it , plugged it in , turned it on and ... NOTHING . It 's pure excrement ! But then I should have expected that . This is the second time I 've received garbage from Amazon . I 'm done with them !
 Just returned this SPV500 pump - failed out of the box . Tested it in 10 gal shopvac tank before installing . Good thing , because it did not discharge any water . Contacted Wayne , we went through their `` standard '' phone tech trouble shooting questions and had nothing to offer other than they were very sorry it did n't work . They would be willing to `` work with me '' on `` fixing '' it , but I could n't trust this manufacturer . They do not `` wet '' test before shipping and they stated the they could not have installed the imperllor in backwards . Where does one find a dependable sump pump ? I would pay twice the amount for a guarateed preformance pump , but Wayne makes all the `` box '' store pumps -LRB- re-tagged names -RRB- , so choices are limited . Suggestions anyone ?
 Got my new sump pump this afternoon . We were willing to pay more for Wayne because it was supposed to be made in USA . It is not , it was from China . The box is clearly labled from china , the pump is clearly labeled ` Made In China ' in two places . It IS made of iron , but is NOT the heavy casting promised . I already have two non-USA pumps that have failed and flooded my basement . I want USA made and you lied when you said you had it . I 'm sending it back . Retruns are somewhat difficult . I would NOT buy from Amazon again . Rating has one star only because rating wo n't print with the zero stars it deserves
 I do n't know abut this product because I have not received this item yet.UPS was the shipper and They havenot done anything about this .
 There are irresponsible companies and there is Monstanto . These guy are the biggest trolls out there . If you are a farmer and you own land next to a farmer who uses Roundup , you will get sued , and you will pay because their lawyers are better . Why would anyone -LRB- knowingly -RRB- buy their products ?
 can not say how well this product actually works since it came with a defective sprayer . I have to go to the store and buy another spray bottle to transfer the contents to . Monsanto sucks .
 I 'd love to review this tool when I receive it . Still waiting for delivery .
 worth less than they sold for .50 cents , that would have been ok but they were 5.00 to deliver ... save your money
 What a waste of money . While I was not expecting surgical grade , I was expecting it to tweeze -LRB- is that a word ? -RRB- . Instead the second I apply some force , all of them fold . Either these are as cheap as it gets , or I have developed super strength . I do n't think it is me .
 These products are so light and flimsy that when they arrived each one was already bent and useless . Even if they had not been damaged the quality is so poor i do not beleive they could be used for any purpose . To add further insult thye have some sort of shiny plating that had flakes and cracks . I guarantee your disappointment if you buy this product .
 I guess I should have read the other reviews before buying these tweezers!They arrived in a previously opened package taped with clear tape.They are made from very thin metal that makes them very flimsy and useless.Do not buy them .
 Do n't buy these . A real waste . They are flimsy , deformed before I touched them -- the good news is you can bend them to what shape you want -- the bad news , as soon as you pick up something , they will conform to its shape -- like play dough ! Amazon does n't allow me to rate this product minus 5stars -- too bad .
 I bought this for the normally-closed pair that you have to squeeze to open . Not only did that particular pair not close , but the regular tweezers were not sturdy . You could fashion a comparably strong pair out of cereal-box cardboard - no need for `` mystery metal '' .
 For price it is good , but ca n't do good job , because they are not strong , and they are kind of `` not tight '' which makes them useless in some situations ...
 There is a reason these are cheap it is because they are flimsy as cardboard . You could n't grip anything with these
 These are pure junk ! Extremely flimsy . Very thin metal that will not hold it 's shape . I wanted the reverse tweezers , they are worthless . When you sqeeze to open , they will not close .
 These tweezers are very flimsy and bend easily . All four needed to be bent so that the ends come together . I have not used them yet . I think they will be adequate for my needs , but I was disappointed .
 This product appears to be manufacturer seconds . One of the tweezers has a point half ground off and has no structural strength . The Item was placed in the packaging to hide the defect . Do not buy .
 These might be worth it just because they 're so cheap , but do n't expect much in the way of quality . They 're a little flimsy , definitely not up to the task of pulling out splinters or hairs .
 Junk , garbage , completely unusable ! I expected cheap construction when I bought these and not the best quality but these exceeded my expectations for `` cheap Chinese junk '' . I expected steel at least , these were something like tin or soft aluminum -LRB- not sure of the metal -RRB- . They bent very easily and there is no way these things would ever pick anything up without deforming . I did find one thing that they were good for ... gracing the garbage can !
 The tweezers tips do not join at the end . Does n't matter how you hold them , you ca n't hold any item with them .
 Do not buy these . They are cheaply made . Do not hold their shape . Not worth the money to send them back . If I could give it less than a star I would . I was sucked in by the price and did not look at the reviews . My Bad .
 The tweezers are terrible . I threw them straight in the trash when I got them . There is no spring in the arms to open and close and they are very lightweight . You get what you pay for ...
 There is no seperation or curve to these tweezers . They are two pieces of cheap metal next to eachother -LRB- all 4 of them are -RRB- . They look nothing like the picture.My fingers work better than these .
 I have never written a review before but really felt the need to do so on this product . It was the worst product I have ever received from Amazon . When you think of tweezers , you think squeeze and pick up . These do not even squeeze . You must manipulate the tweezers to even make them work . If anyone has arthritis or carpal tunnel or other finger problems , forget it . You will be unable to make them work . the metal -LRB- and I use that word loosely -RRB- is more like silver covered cardboard . Save your money and buy something else .
 I had to come here and write a review to warn people against these so-called tweezers . I do n't know what they are but they are not tweezers and I do n't want anyone using these on me as medical tools . I do n't know what to do with them now . I will just keep them in my toolbox maybe for scrap metal . Not a joke !
 Do n't buy these , they have no spring in them , and seem to be made of aluminum foil -LRB- they all were bent in some way when I receive them -RRB- .
 None of the pieces met at their tips , had to rebend to make them meet . When you picked something up , they returned to their original shape . The flat `` duck-bill '' piece were n't aligned . The `` squeeze to release '' were beyond using . Not worth the low-price , made of cheap pressed tin . Very disappointed . Threw in the trash .
 Do not buy these if you actually want a product that you can use . They lack the tensile strength to actually hold onto an object and end up bending around it anyway .
 So cheaply made that not only do they cut your hands , they are not useable as a tool or otherwise .
 I received these tweezers in the mail today . I opened up the box to find them strewn all over the inside because the product packaging had fallen apart en route . When I took them out of box to inspect them I found only one of them to actually have enough tensile strength to grasp an item . All of the other three when you put pressure on them to grasp an object you can actually see the ends come apart instead of coming together ... A poor product and I would not recommend buying them .
 It took long to come and they are huge and look used would have return but do n't feel like the hassle
 If your looing for the 4 types of tweezers shown then , dont expect to get what your wanting . items are fine for the price but they do NOT include the paddle tweezers that i was hoping to get and they replace it with a log shoddyly made squeeze tweezer . defintly mass made in some 3rd worlds back yard production facility . and definitly a BOIL before human use look to them . Thankfully i will only be using them for a hobby and not on anything else . They just look cheep and poorly made . avoid them if your looking for quality .
 The product I received was incorrect from the picture and description . For the price it was n't worth my time though . I received a giant tweezer set .
 I suppose I should n't expect perfection on such a cheap set . These are basically unusable for my purposes -LRB- pulling ticks off of the dog , slivers out of skin , etc. -RRB- There is a continuous row of burrs along each tool left over from stamping . The manufacturer tried to electropolish and/or electroplate them away , but they remain and render each tool unusable for what a regular consumer generally wants tweezers for .
 Just say no to this purchase . Not worth the buck , or the five bucks total . Absolute trash right out of the packaging . If you saw these first hand , you 'd never buy them . I thought I 'd grab a steal and buy them , but now I just have to repurchase something better . Total waste .
 Tweezers are made of poor quality material . They are very thin and bend very easily . Any pressure put on them while using makes them bend . Useless !
 Bad Quality Hit List : - poor construction - easily bent - 3 out the 4 tweezer tips do not meet - no precision grip on any piece - no metal grip markings like in the picture - tips bend back even if gripping small rigid objectStay Away , please , do it for the children ...
 RIP OFF ... these tweezers are basically paper thin metal bent in half . None of them tweeze !!!! they are all bent . . I WILL be sending them back . Not worth even $ 1.00 ... very displeased with this product . Do n't waste your time or money . . Weak . Oh and the add says `` re useable pouch '' also BS , no pouch . Not cool
 Save your money and time , do n't buy this set . Each one is just two thin flat sheet metal stick together , tried to bend one into workable shape but it fell apart . Really does n't worth more than 50 cents for the whole set . I am returning the set.Very disappointed . Amazon , do n't sell junk on your site !
 These tools are not even good enough to be toys . They are stamped out of metal just barely thicker and stronger than tin foil . Buyer beware !
 This item is the epitomy of Chinese made cheap junk . Save your money . The seller did refund my money and I give them good marks for that . I could go in to great detail about why they are junk , Trust me when I tell you they are a TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY !
 I wishi could rate 0 stars . low quality , not at all as described . no reusable pouch either . These will not pluck any hairs as they do not close tightly .
 Pretty useless , the metal has no spring in it . You can not pick up anything without the tweezers simply bending . The edges are sharp , simply stamped out very thin parts . I got what I paid for it , in fact even worse . I 'll toss these , not worth returning .
 Extremely cheap product . Made in ChinaThese tweezers would be hard to sell for .99 cents . They are THAT cheap . Listen to this review , this product is not worth the shipping if they gave you the product for free . I cant believe they even qualify for the name tweezers.Save your money and put it toward the nice -LRB- read
 I 'm in the market for a small and light air compressor . I do n't like having to drag my big compressor around just to drive a couple of nails . This one IS small and light . It 's also unbelievably loud , louder than my big -LRB- also oilless -RRB- compressor that I previously thought was intolerably loud . It 's also very slow to fill the tank . If I only had to listen to all that noise for a few seconds I might be able to tolerate it , but this thing takes several minutes to charge up.I give it two stars , but that might be generous . If all you want to do is pump up a bike tire , get a hand pump . It will be faster , and you wo n't go deaf in the process . A car tire would be a closer call , but I 'd still bet on the hand pump getting the job done sooner . You certainly do n't want it in your house . I 'm hard pressed to figure out what value it has , but it 's conceivable that someone might figure one out.I returned mine , so I 'm still in the market for a small and light air compressor . Now I 'm more particular about checking out the noise before buying .
 This product originally was great for filling up tires , inflatable toys , and cleaning out air filters . I did however leave it on overnight and assumed it would turn off and on automatically . The next day , there was no air in the tank and the compressor was not working . I had the the tank release valve shut so no air should have been escaping . I would save my money and purchase a more expensive but hopefully more reliable model .
 I bought this compressor for some light duty jobs around the house and only used it occasionally , maybe once a month . Well after less than a year , it takes almost an hour to fill up the tank , so filling a truck tire became such a hassle I just gave up even turning the piece of junk on . Save your money and buy something of higher quality . This air compressor is grade A junk !
 I was looking forward to using this litte baby , but was sadly disappointed when I got it . Noisy is an understatement . You will need noise protection to use it . Pressure is another issue . It will not maintain PSI above 20 on continuous use . Good for airbrushing I guess , but nothing else . Maybe I am being picky about this little wan-a-be , but all I wanted was constant pressure for cleaning stuff . Did n't get it .
 This thing broke down after only 3 months of less than daily use for a couple hours at a time airbrushing with a small artist style airbrush . Tiny tabletop compressors handle this job for years on end without breaking . Save your money and time and stay away from this piece of JUNK !
 Pure junk . All I 've ever used it for it topping off my auto tire pressure . To pump up a flat tire will take about 4 refills of the tank . This thing is grossly under power . The hose tips are junk -- almost worthless . The tire tip works , but is clumsy and hard to get seated on the valve stem . I would n't recommend it for anything but filling up bicycle tires . Oh , did I mention that the thing is very noisy ? I will never buy anything from Campbell-Hausfeld again . Cheap China-made junk . BTW , the gauges are inaccurate too .
 Not a good compressor . if you want to do anything beyond blowing up balls.It Will not handle tires.Unit kicks on at lot when running to recharge tank.If you want a real compressor do n't buy this one !
 Hi guys , I am writing this as in the back of my house , the unit is on . The noise I find is very acceptable . It looks neat and compact . However , my complain
 This DW618 just literally went up in smoke after several years of light hobbyist use.My advice - stay away .
 Seemed like the perfect Router by research . It arrived today . I used it to make two simple 1/4 '' cuts . Tried to make three -LRB- third side of a piece of pine -RRB- it would not turn on ... no way to bring it back to life at all , so , I returned it to Amzon . I 'll see how they handle the return . I now find on another site a warning about this specific product -LRB- DW618 -RRB- that it has crashed on others unexpectedly after just a few uses.UPDATE
 I bought the DeWalt as a replacement for a DW618 router that burned-up prematurely . It was about 14 months old with only light use . I replaced it with an identical one because I had accessories to fit it . The new one did not work . I had to take it to the repair shop right out of the box . Brushes were installed incorrectly . I have to baby this router . It sparks excessively . The DW618 seems to suffer from poor engineering and quality control . Brings the total DeWalt product line into question in my mind . I will not buy another .
 When I first purchased the dewalt router , I used it a few times in pine and enjoyed the soft start and the power . I did notice that the sealed package it came in was missing a centering ring and a 1/2 inch collet . I shoud 've taken it back to home depot then . I also noticed in the beginning that when I tried to place the motor into the plunge base , the base is made too tight - even after making sure it was unlocked and as loose as possible . I 'm still having a HUGE amount of trouble putting the motor in and out of the plunge base -LRB- I thought it would wear out a little -RRB- . Two years later now , I just started another project on pine . The motor started to slow/smoke and make a noise as if metal was falling into the motor housing and was being ground up . I was not pushing the router hard . I let it cool , but still no improvement the next time.My most recent project involves oak , and this time I ca n't get the collet tight enough to keep bits in . The mechanism to change bits is hard to use and very difficult to tighten . I 'm getting a different router this time , maybe an old porter cable , but I 've heard bad reviews on the new ones .
 `` Kit includes motor pack , DW6184 fixed base , 1/4-inch and 1/2-inch collets , two wrenches , sub-base concentricity gauge , vacuum adaptor , and heavy-duty kit box for easy transport and storage `` This router does NOT come with a storage kit !! Nice and misleading in their product description .
 When I first got my Dewalt Router , it looked nice and felt nice and packed some nice features like a soft start , variable speeds , and easy height adjustment . However , a little less than a year of use , the router would often times not start and began loosing power during the easiest cuts , like a round over on 3/4 '' pine on the lowest possible speed . I figure with a name like Dewalt , I could not go wrong ... but that was exactly what I was , wrong ! Now the router will not even start . To Dewalt - nice look and features , but very unreliable . I choose to use my limited time in the shop to build furniture , not play with unreliable tools ; I have machines from the 1950 's that have never given me a problem , and I have my Dewalt router that is 1 year old and wo n't start - is this what one can expect from Dewalt ?
 The Dewalt DW618 Router that I purchased for my home workshop did not hold up . I used it on two projects for less than 5 hours . The motor started smoking after running it in its slowest variable speed for about 30 minutes . After shutting it down to let it cool , when it was restarted , it smoked and seized up . While it appeared to have plenty of power for the panel cutting that it was doing , the motor got extremely hot when running at its slowest speed .
 Had this router for 3 years ... used it on avg 3-4 days/week for moderate tasks . I thought overall it was a great tool until first , a bearing went bad , then about 6 months later the fan attached to the motor armature and the piece securing the collet to the body broke into pieces during a slight chamfer cut in clear , soft REDWOOD ! It 's going to be $ 100 + to fix it , and I , like another reviewer above , did n't know whether to have it repaired or buy a different tool . However , after reading the other negative reviews and reports of motor failure , I am convinced that this tool does n't belong in a professional woodshop .
 Just adding to the LONG list of people who bought this router and watched it burn up after little to moderate use . I had mine for 3 yrs and am not a pro . THis router only saw occasional use over 3 yrs . The ring broke -LRB- as soon as the warrentee ran out of course -RRB- ... made a ton of noise but kept running for a while . Then the lightning storm on the top and motor fried . Stunk up the whole house and now Im stuck with this pile.I have a lot of good tools and thought dewalt was a good brand , but Dewalt has now been added to my ` Never Again ' list.I unfortunatly bought the 618 pak with all 3 bases and the nice case ... which are now all a huge waste -LRB- anybody wan na buy em cheap ? email me at -LSB- ... -RSB- Im not going to pay to fix this thing . . its a poor design and will only break again down the road.I guess ill buy a Bosch ? Avoid Dewalt ... maybe they ` used ' to be good , but its clear from the experiences on this thread that they build a junk router .
 I have 4 pieces of Dewalt tools and this is the first piece that I review as near junk . The spindle lock is useless with plastic piece attached to a metal pin . You have to be Hercules to push the pin in and hold it in while trying to tighten the collet . Then if you DO press it in hard enough to tighten collet it has a habit of being bound and not releasing . Absoluite junk design that certainly wo n't last a weeks worth of work . The best part about it was that it only took 3 screws to remove the whole lock mechanism that will give you better access to using two wrenches . Of coarse Dewalt only provided one wrench so you have to use your own.The more serious problem was that the motor has a lightenig storm inside it brushes . The unit gave out over the coarse of about 30 minutes of ON time over a weekend . The thing sstarted squeeling like a banshee and then it started slowing down in easy material . Back to the depot . Maybe get a Hitachi instead .
 Bought the router about a year ago . Just started using it on a regular basis a few weeks ago , and sure enough ... it broke . Magnetic ring . This tool is a P.O.S. Do n't buy .
 I used to recommend DeWalt products to everyone who would listen to me because the ergonomics are so superior . Lately , though , the quality has gotten so bad , I have a hard time doing that.My suggestion is to skip all the reviews by people who just pulled it out of the box , and read the reviews by people who have used it for a while.I bought the DW618PK through Amazon several years ago . After about the 10th use , the plastic spindle lock button broke . I did n't care too much because it was a pain to use , so I started using two wrenches instead.Then , everything went into storage for 2 years -LRB- past the warranty period -RRB- . Later , after about the 20th use , the motor died . It turns out that the magnetic ring on the armature fell apart -LRB- apparently , a common problem -RRB- , but the pieces took out the windings on the armature , as well . I called a DeWalt repair shop for an estimate . They want $ 20 to tell me what 's wrong and then there will be an hourly rate plus parts to repair it . Also , they are backed up for weeks with work . It will be about a month before they can get to it . It may cost as much as a new DW618 -LRB- for about $ 170 from Amazon -RRB- , so I 'm trying to decide if I should buy another brand , instead.If it was n't for the quality problems , I still like the ergonomics . The handgrips are comfortable and the dust collection on the plunge base is great - as is the detachable cord , the quick-release latch for the motor , and the centering tool used when changing the subbase . When it runs , the motor is a good , strong motor , and I especially like the ability to easily switch between 1/4 '' and 1/2 '' bits . The spindle lock could have been better designed and it is much easier to lock the bit in using two wrenches , instead . A real spindle lock would have been nice.If ergonomics are important to you , then buy this one and cross your fingers . If you want reliability , look elsewhere .
 I bought a Dewalt dw618 router with the case and three bases . It looked like a great router , but it started making sounds like parts flying around inside the router , then black smoke came out the air vents , then a flame and it sounded like it exploded . It was cutting a pine board . I was babied and had only used it 45 min total . Dewalts service center said 2 weeks till they could get to working on it . Need an authorized receipt of purchase , or 129.00 to fix it . guranteed tough - yes if you are willing to keep buying new ones . manager wanted to know if it was used in a router table ? he suggested 45 minutes use sounded a bit extream . yes really tough . nothing but road blocks to getting service . *** DO Not Buy One *** disappointed in Dewalt PS do n't buy a dewalt router !
 This pump began knocking in less than 2 months . I called the manufacturer and was told I needed to contact Amazon since that 's where it was purchased . I told the manufacturer it was too late to return to Amazon that the manufactureres warranty had to cover it . I was told we would have to remove the pump and drop it off to a repair center that is 40 minutes away and it would be there for who knows how long . Our business can not afford to be without a compressor for an extended period of time . I would have expected the manufacturer to let us return the part and ship us a new one . We have had alot of problems lately with parts from Campbell Hausfeld going bad within a short period of time .
 When I got the compressor the one thing it did not have was pressure relief threaded hole into the head to supply air to the air regulator valve to shut off the compressor when it would have reached max air in the tank.I had to remove the head , drill and tap a threaded hole into the cylinder head to able a air supply cut off tube to the regulator valve . There was a place for it , the factory just did not drill-tap it.Other than that problem compressor seems to be doing well . The over all fit was good.Ron
 The top half of the pump didnt fit ANY of the original fittings on the Campbell-Hausfeld pump . I ended up having to take the OLD top half and bolt it to the new pump to get the fittings to work ... hell the air filter they sent didnt even fit in the new head !!!!!!! fIT PERFECT IN THE OLD HEAD THO ... SO AFTER AN HOUR WORTH OF SWAPPING PARTS it works now ... and its sort of new ...
 You 're better off to pick these up from your like home improvement store for less money . There 's a Hampton Bay just like it at the depot .
 I was saying I would like to exchange it having problem with that can get enyone to help . Change it to the one I really like to have .
 I have two older fire excape ladders from the Dial company that I 'm pleased with . The Dial ladder I purchased from the Stacks and Stacks company did not have the Dial name printed on it like my two others have and the red band is smaller and does n't hold the ladder together well , it wants to flop out of the nylon red band -LRB- not good for an emergency situtation -RRB- . And the PVC tubes that should lock in place to keep the ladder straight do n't . When I asked to return the item it took several days to get the manager to call me back and I was told I would be charged the return shipping . I wo n't buy another one from this company .
 I finally got to try this thing out after having it for two months.Hiked four miles into a lake using my new PN-40se gps , spent the night and the next morning I plugged the gps in to charge it , everything looked to be going well so I let it charge for about 15 minutes and re-checked it only to find the screen blank -LRB- as it was on when I started -RRB- so I unplugged and tried to turn it on , and nothing . Very unhappy ! . When I got back to the truck I found the gps still worked if I put regular battery 's in it , so it ruined my brand new rechargeable batts.Be warned -LRB- check it out before you go ! -RRB-
 This product is defective . The door does not drop when triggered but simply hangs up , at an angle , in the slots . No damage was evident so it must be a design defect . Worthless ! I returned it .
 Chip monks & squirrels were eating my potted cherry tomato vine . I thought a $ 20 investment is worth the joy of your own fresh juicy tasty tomatoes . I got one guy but next a squirrel got in . This guy could n't get out but fought the cage out of shape . By the time I dropped him off 5 miles away , the cage was no longer usable . The door did n't slide smoothly any more . They kept coming into the trap , eating my cut fruits and thanking me . I attracted more critters than before ! Need sturdier stuff . Meanwhile I already paid too much for my tomatoes !
 Havahart , like most other companies , in order to continue to be profitable , have made their traps with less metal than before . The trap is lighter , and the door , since it 's no longer as heavy as it was , sometimes does not slam down quick enough to catch the prey . It works as well as it can given the quality of the materials now in the trap .
 I always use humane traps to capture critters that need to be relocated so have tried most of them . This one takes way too much tweaking to work correctly and sometimes does n't work no matter what . The door either does n't shut all the way or wo n't come down at all . The old two door style worked much better than this thing . I 'm sorry I bought it but the barn rats are sure glad I did .
 Caught one baby squirrel . Next day an adult squirrel flipped over cage and broke the piece of plastic and it does not work - Lasted one day
 I think the trigger mechanism could be more secure , with perhaps a small notch in the metal rod to help hold the other metal rod positioned againt it in place . I also think placing bait in it is awkward to do - i.e. you ca n't do it easily if the trap is on the ground as your hand/arm ca n't bend that way into the trap so I had to hold it up which often resulted in bait falling out as the bottom is not a solid sheet of aluminum . Returnd the trap and purchased 1 from Safeguard .
 THE DOOR THAT IS SUPPOSED TO DROP DOWN WHEN THE RODENT IS INSIDE DOESNT GO DOWN FAST ENOUGH AND THE RODENT GETS OUT BEFORE THE DOOR CLOSES .
 After four attempts to trap a small rat failed I ordered &#34; Snap-E Mouse Trap by Kness &#34; a $ 2.56 trap that worked on the first attempt .
 I have had this out for several months employing several different baits . The bait gets eaten but the trap so far has not been triggered ever .
 The product arrived as promised and in good condition ; however , I do not care for the way the trap mechanism has been changed from the older model . I still have and use the older trap of this size , as well as the 2 larger sizes that use the older trap system .
 Purchased this trap but recommend the Havahart 1025 model instead of this trap . Only one door to this trap and not an inviting as the model with two doors -LRB- # 1025 -RRB- to encourage pests to run through the trap and catch them much easier ! Save your money and order Havahart 1025 model -- it works better . Still have n't caught a thing with this trap .
 Save your money . This trap will not work . The mechanisum that sets the trap is eaisly defeated by the animals you are trying to trap . The result is that the trap is constantly sprung with no animal inside .
 The trap does not work because the cage door arrived bent . Thus the door does not slide shut .
 Squirrels are very clever . When the ` see ' a wire mesh cage they do not go in . The cage that has two trap doors so the squirrels can see clear to the other side whould have been able to trap better than the one-door model . The squirrels around my yard constantly bumped my trap and knocked the seeds -LRB- sunflower -RRB- out of the pan and out of the trap . They had a wonderful breakfast at my expense , the little buggars !
 The trap trigger catch is poorly designed and manufactured . Any animal can easily trip the trap without even trying to .
 Too many times the bait was missing with the door opened or closed . Trip plate not sensitive enough for chipmunks . Tried to put rocks on plate , still no luck . Even tried to put magnets on the door for extra weight still trap was empty with bait gone and the door open.Amazon was great they took back the traps for a full refund , there return policy is the best . I am going to purchase havahart 1025 and see if the do the trick .
 This Havahart trap is junk ... supposed to be for chipmunks , but the way it 's set allows them to get the bait without setting off the trap . This has happened quite a few times . I 'd try another brand ,
 This thing was never designed to work in any practical manner . The trigger mechanism was almost impossible to set , and work . Better off with one of the swing down doors as my large Havaheart has . avoid the frustration .
 For some reason this year the ground squirrel problem is worse then usual -LRB- Southern California -RRB- so I check Amazon for traps and the Havahart web site and pick the 745 model and bought 2 of them . Now the trap works but :1 . You have to set the door at the exact angle or it will hang up when triggered and not catch the squirrel .2 . Big adult squirrels will break out ! Three times the squirrels were able to bend the top of the trap near the door and get out . Which means you now have to spend 1/2 hour fixing the bent parts to use it again . After making the top stronger , they still bend the crap out of the latch spring but at least they do n't get out .3 . If you have dogs beware !!!! Once a squirrel is in the trap they will do worse damage trying to get to the squirrel then the squirrel did to the trap . The trigger rod will be somewhere in the yard to find and then bend back straight.In conclusion , if you do n't have dogs and have small squirrels it 's a good trap . I now purchased the model 1025 but realize as it has no spring latch , if the dogs try to get the squirrel they will probably knock the trap over and as it has no spring latch the squirrel will get out . So now I need to stake the 1025 to the ground . Luckily the dogs are good at catching squirrels . But they do n't get enough of them .
 Chipmunks do n't eat the baits -LRB- peanut butter , peanut , raisin ... -RRB- . Squirrels were trapped and destroyed the case plastic door holder.Save your money , try others . If you must have a life trap , try some that do n't have plastic parts .
 I bought 2 traps , very similar in appearance , at first.The Havahart is the original , simple design just like traps have been made for many years where if the bait pan moves then it drops the door . Simple enough.But - when it was setup outside it got robbed of the bait every night for 2 weeks except for one misfire with nothing in it , and 1 time it caught a mouse . I tried peanut butter and various small grains , like corn , etc. the rodents liked the bait and stole it every night.It may fair better with heavier animals like chipmunks and squirrels that would set it off better , and those are around a lot too but it did n't catch any of those and the mice just eat the bait out of it . So I did n't have much results with this one.I had MUCH better results with a similar sized but far more sensitive product I had n't heard of before called `` Rat , Mouse , Squirrel Trap by Happy Trap '' . http://www.amazon.com/Happy-Trap-HT-1-Mouse-Squirrel/dp/B0006DQPA0/ref=cm_cr_pr_pb_tThat uses several sets of spring loaded and otherwise cleverly positioned rods and springs to make a very sensitive trap . Its balanced well enough that it never misfired either , even outside in the wind . The Happy Trap caught 6 mice and 1 chipmunk in about 10 days and never had a misfire or any stolen bait . Not even once.The Happy Trap is very sensitive and only takes about 7 grams of force to set it off . That 's the weight of just 3 pennies . So even the smallest mouse will set it off . I caught a lot of them and weighed a few by weighting the trap with and without the mouse . A tiny mouse weighed 12 grams and most are about 20 grams each.It took a few minutes the first time I set it up to figure out where to position the trip rods since it 's an uncommon design . Once I knew how to set it , that took just 10 seconds to set it . The door is spring loaded so it snaps shut very fast while the Havahart one relies on gravity to bring the door down , so maybe that 's why it misses . But the main issue is the Havahart trap takes more pressure to set it off , so most of the time various critters just steal the bait.The Havahart trap is more solidly built with heavier gauge wire so that 's good.While the sensitive Happy Trap uses thinner wire . Both types seem to be holding up fine with no issues yet.When used outside , the Happy Trap caught a mouse or chipmunk pretty much every day.I 'm sure it would also work well indoors since I 've caught some really small mice and it never missed a single one . Also , it wo n't whack your cat or dog in the nose if they sniff it since it 's not like a regular spring loaded mouse trap.I got ta run . . time to check my trap line ...
 It was dark but I thought I saw him in there after we heard the trap door shut got gloves and he was gone but door was closed and bread had been moved
 This Havahart trap is effective . A little peanut butter and proper placement and you 're sure to catch the rodent you 're after . Unfortunately , the quality of Havahart products has declined over the years , so if you want to catch more than one critter , better buy several.Today , the 0745 trap I bought 4 months ago became useless when the clip that locks the door shut after a rodent has tripped it simply snapped off , rendering it useless.I do n't mind having to bend Havahart 's highly-effective mousetraps into shape when they arrive . That 's easy . I do mind that the Havahart 0745 is essentially disposable .
 disregard the traps squirrels in the name and description , it 's too small so when the squirrel triggers the trap the squirrel can escape because its tail is holding the door open ! , If it 's squirrels you 're trying to catch , especially brown tree squirrels , I recommend
 When I received it and tested sitting on my lap the trigger and door seemed to work . When I set it on the flat floor in the shed one corner or the opposite corner is always up about 3/8 '' . It has been tripped by the pest once but the door only dropped halfway , the second setting the bait -LRB- smeared creamy peanut butter -RRB- was cleaned/licked off but it did n't trigger the door to come down . I am not impressed one bit . . I think I can secure -LRB- clips at bottom corners -RRB- it to a flat 1 `` x10 '' or something which should take the twist out of it , , hopefully without binding the trigger-to-door linkage , then try again . . I SHOULD NOT have to do anything other than set it , it should simply sit flat and work well since it is new and right out of the box .
 The clip that releases the door came broken . It does not make the trap unusable , I just have to use a screwdriver each time I reset the trap which is kind of a pain . Also , I have yet to catch a chipmunk . If I catch one soon I will rate this item higher .
 We put the trap underneath our house , hoping to catch the pack rats that have set up shop . We have easily caught them in the past -LRB- with a different brand poly material spring loaded trap that a friend let us borrow -RRB- . What we experienced with this wire cage -LRB- 5 times in a row -RRB- was that the door triggered , the peanut butter & other bait was gone , but no rat inside the cage ! Since this seemed to happen very quickly , I set up a spy post to watch the delinquent in action . What was happening is that little mice were squeezing through the wire -LRB- quite easily I might add -RRB- . The mice would enter , eat the bait , trigger the door , and then simply exit through any one of the wire holes . Now , if a pack rat had entered before the mouse , the rat would likely not get out provided the door shut down properly . However , if you are putting this anywhere where smaller mice may also be present ... then you may just end up feeding the mice .
 Havahart 0745 Professional Style One Door Cage Trap for Chipmunks and Rodents 16 x 6 x 6.38 We got this trap after a chipmunk somehow made it inside our house . Here 's the play-by-play so far : Day 1
 I bought this trap at the local hardware store and it worked fine for about 10 days . I caught 4 squirrels and 1 chipmunk all on a bit of peanut butter . The problem is with the spring clip that holds the door closed when the animal springs the trap . The spring clip broke off and the trap is now useless ! I went to their website and they said to mail the trap to them and they would send me a new one but I only spent 30 dollars for the trap and shipping to HavaHart would be like 10 bucks . HavaHart told me they would also send me a new trap if I sent them my sales receipt , which of course I threw away several days before it broke !! AND no parts are for sale for this model of trap !! Seems silly to not sell a door that physically comes off if you turn the trap upside down when it is n't clipped in !!! I am now looking for another trap because the squirrels still think my deck garden is their own personal buffet ! In short I liked the trap but the spring clip on the door is not a good design . It is `` patented '' according to their website , that person needs to go back to engineering school if that is the best they can come up with !! Either that or the specs for the metal are not being followed ! My recommendation is NOT to buy this trap , it will break on you and then be useless !!! Okay after I typed this the HavaHart folks contacted me and after a few emails were exchanged I ended up sending them the broken door and they sent me a whole new trap . I am now happily catching squirrels again ! Thank you HavaHart for sticking with me thru this and standing behind your product as well .
 Purchased 2 of these traps . Upon receipt , I tried them out . The doors would not fully shut -LRB- hung up on the way down -RRB- . I would not recommend these traps because they do not work . Have used the Havahart 2 door traps in the past and would recommend those .
 I gave this animal trap 2 stars because I caught a squirrel and expect more to be trapped . I withheld 2 stars because the door latch was broken within an half hour of the squirrel trying to escape and 1 star was withheld because of the mess that was made by the squirrel getting cut on the sharp edges.The door is easy to open and close . Well it was easier , but one of the side door supports bent . The old one I had was a lot better with the exception of ease of opening the door . I 'll use this trap until my patience wears thin cleaning up each time and then look for something better .
 As always from Amazon the order came on time , the live trap is perfect size for small rabbits & chipmunks but the Qualityis not to Par , the whole cage is out of square & the door did not close properly I had to tape weight to the door tomake it latch properly.but after the repairs I have caught Rodents with this trap .
 We bought a night vision camara to try to catch the mouse that had been living very quietly behind the refrigerator for 2 months and eating our fruit and avocados at night . We `` trained '' the mouse to come into the trap little by little as it IS very cautious of his surroundings -LRB- we have 3 dogs that are not aware of the presence of `` Stu '' as we named our guest rodent -RRB- . We placed the piece of avocado outside the trap , and slowly every night we would move it a couple of inches inside the trap , only to see him on the video leave the trap before the door closes !!! -LRB- 3 times , last time with a piece of the avocado we had tied to the trap -RRB- .
 I just received the unit . It looks like I will have to do lots of `` fine tuning '' . Out of the box , I would say it will take a 20 pound chipmunk to spring the trap . Cheap design . Compared to other Havahart products , this is disappointing . It was inexpensive . I guess you get what you pay for.D
 reviews are mixed . So I think I can give a try . do not ! this will not work . the squirrel eat all the bait and will not trigger the trap . so go with homedepot . at least you can return if it is not working .
 I got this to Trap Squirrels as I have too many around , that were getting into my bird feeders . It did a mediocre job of trapping the animals . It did work in that I got rid of the ones getting into my bird feeders and the squirrels left eat the seeds off the ground and do not bother the feeders .
 I had high hopes for this trap . We have chipmunks laying waste to our tomatoes . So I set it up according to directions and was so happy - I had a chippie in less than an hour . Since then , I either find the bait gone , door down , no chippie , or I find the bait gone , no door down.I think this trap is not good for heavy work - lots of chippies . Chipmunks are very smart and resourceful and figure it out . I probably will not return it since it will cost me too much , but if you are looking to get rid of chipmunks , this is not the tool for you.Waste of $ 23 , glad I had prime and did not paying shipping .
 quite simply a plastic tray that is too long and too narrow for the tank . it also does not alow enough clearance for the lever to raise up so you can flush . this is a terrible product and it is completely useless .
 got this as a replacement for a cracked tank lid . It is plastic and it 's a bit bigger than a regular sized toilet , it did not fit well but I had to keep it because it was the only replacement I could find .
 This is only for those that are desparate . It is ugly . You literally could just put a plastic bag over the tank and it would look nicer .
 I purchased this product from a local Lowes retailer . After opening , I found the white -LRB- not clear -RRB- liquid to be the consistency of butter milk . Large clumps of matter as though it had been frozen . Wanting to get the job over with , I proceded to pour it in a pump up garden sprayer which it immediately plugged up . After two hours and numerous cleanings , I finally managed to dispense the five gallons onto my deck . When the product dried , I was left with white rings that looked like rain drops . Eventhough the problem may be the fault of the retailer , I will never use this stuff again . I complained to Thompson 's who offered me another five gallons for free . No Thanks !!
 Do n't buy it !! Only the setting to lower your voice works ... somewhat.The other settings are useless . The output is unintelligeble . Yeah , like that .
 I thought this product would be better than what it actually was . I thought it would help distort your voice in different ways , not necessarily comical ways like it did . I wish the seller had more information posted about what the product does , and what types of voices it made . If they had better info I could have made a wiser decision .
 Product arrived quickly , but did not work . Returned it and got a refund .
 This product has great potential . To be able to change your voice and play a prank on your friends , or to use it as white elephant gift.Unfortunately , this is not the case . I actually ordered 3 of them to use in white elephant gift exchanges . The first problem is that the headphone jack only fits a few phones ; mostly older ones . The second problem was that the `` adapter '' really does n't serve any function . Finally , if you have the correct phone and are able to get it plugged in , you will find that it still does not work . The person on the other side can not understand a word you say . Even with the different settings , I was unable to to understood .
 the quality of the voice changer is really bad & dose not work with most phones !
 I bought this product because it was relatively cheap and I wanted to see if it was any better than what I currently was using when needed
 This is a really cheaply made product and completely inadequate for the desired purpose . The rope/twine needs to be cut and the ends started to come unraveled prior to instillation . The two pieces of hose to run the cord through were kinked and it was difficult to feed the cord . After all was said and done , I had to improvise in order to get everything aligned properly and it took me nearly 30 minutes to do so . Even at $ 6 , it 's overpriced . Jobe 's should be ashamed ...
 I was excited to purchase this particular lamp . I bought a similar lamp years ago from Bay Furniture and loved it , however I gave it away when I changed furniture . I was excited to see this lamp and purchased it . When it was shipped I did not open it for a couple of months -LRB- waiting for new furniture to be delieverd -RRB- . The blubs were broken , -LRB- that was ok I went out and bought bulbs -RRB- . However , where the lamp arched it was broken and could not be repaired . Unfortunately , my husband was so frustrated he threw it in the trash before I got home for work . Therefore , of course I could n't return it . I would not recommend purchasing this Arc lamp .
 The product is great but that price is outrageous ! I can buy the same item for less than $ 30 anywhere else . The price must be a misprint -LRB- miskey ? -RRB- .
 1 . Two of the 8 '' bungees were actually 8 '' , the other two were 7 '' and 6 '' .2 . They are not very stretchy .3 . The sheath around the nylon frayed with just stretching it .4 . I need four 8 '' bungees that stretch , not two that do n't . I am going to try these :10 - Piece Premium Virgin Rubber 8 '' Bungee Ball CordsThey look really nice in the picture , they are red . Once I try them out I hope to leave a review for them as well and perhaps save other folks some frustration .
 This is NOT a review of Amazon , but a review of the bulb . I bought four of the # 9266 lights which each came with a 9166B bulb . All of them worked when I first installed them , but a week later one of the lights quit working . I swapped bulbs between two of the units and determined that the bulb was bad . For as expensive as these things are I expect them to be more reliable . I 've had similar disappointments with other fluorescent lights from Lights of America . Considering that the lights are made in China , why do they have this name ? The only way I can see to get a reliable light is to buy several and throw away the bad ones . Not very cost effective . I wish somebody else made these things.As for the claim that they put out the equivalent of 500W , I used these to replace four 400W metal halide lights . There is no way these put out as much light as my old lights , but I am glad to be rid of the high electric consumption and the buzzing .
 Bought this light bulb and it was the wrong one . So , when I contacted the sender , I was informed that I would not only have to pay the reshipping cost but there would also be a $ 5 restocking fee . It is a ligtbulb , not an air conditioner!It was not worth it for me to send it back . This practice of charging a restocking fee -LRB- regardless of the product -RRB- sucks and needs to be changed if they ever want my business again .
 I wished that I would have checked this bulb out better . It is not bright at all , my flashlight is brighter than this light . I going to put my mercury vapor bulb back in because of better lighting for security reason . It may work better with 240 volt , However for regular yard light it will not work . Save you money and look around and do n't throw away the receipt or box .
 Light was broken , did n't want to go through hassle of sending it back because it would cost more to send it back .
 Used the codes off the original bulb which matched this bulb however the screwbase was the wrong size ... could be a manufacture 's issue however it became a buyer 's issue .
 I had the bulb for about a month , but it was on for only about 25 hours , altogether , and I recently realized it was not working . Now I will try to get a replacement .
 The product was never delivered . When I called to inquire about my order I was informed that it was delivered on April 30 , 2010 . I was also told by a `` customer service rep '' that there was nothing he could do to help me and I should contact the USPS in my town to check on the delivery . I do n't know what this company thinks customer service is ? But I know that if this is the way I ran my customer service for my customers , I would be out of business . I know I will never do business with this merchant again .
 Never even got a chance to use them , opened the box and one of the hex bits was mounted in the socket at an angle . Not enough quality control on these units .
 Bits twist with first use . atleast i have some sockets to replace the bit tips . Wouldnt recommend to anyone . This product is almost worthless .
 Barely gets warm to the touch . Does n't melt ice or snow . Waste of money ! Fo n't bother buying or wasting time installing this piece of junk product .
 This is supposed to melt ice next to the wire . Mine does not do this . Unfortunately , I was slow in installing this and missed the return window .
 Worked good for a couple of uses but then the switch broke apart and that was the end of that .
 DO NOT BUY THIS TOOL SET !!!!!!! When I open the case for the first time about half of the tools fell out . The case holds nothing in place . You can put everything where it goes but as soon as you lift it to carry it somewhere you can here everything fall out of its place . Also the hex keys are on a keyring type of holder that does n't hold them at all . The tools themselves are ok for the price but every other aspect of this set is totally asinine . This was to be a gift for my nephew , a first tool set kind of thing , no way now .
 Cheap junk , poor quality tools . when I took it out of package and opened the kit tools were out , case does n't hold tools very well at all . I used the socket wrench once , and the gears inside broke , also a socket cracked and one of the wrenches bent while working on my car . Might be cheap , but you pay for what you get in most cases .
 The outlets are not on the sides as pictured -LRB- relative to the plug end -RRB- . They are on the top and bottom , like most other polarized cube taps that cost half as much.Good build quality , especially for `` made in China '' , but I ca n't use it for what I intended .
 good price it was what I needed . had to weld pins so it would function and not fall apart .
 The first one I ordered did n't turn on . The second one I ordered worked for a day then stopped working . Horrible product . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I ordered this product and the way it is packaged causes the bulb to break during shipping . The first one came in and the bulb was broken . I ordered a new bulb and the bulb was fine purchased on it 's own but not with the unit . The unit was also defective and would n't turn on with the new bulb . Amazon quickly replaced it with a new one . Same issue the bulb was broken when I got it but the unit did turn on and work so my replacement bulb was fine . I problably would n't purchase this again as the bulbs do n't last that long and need to be repalced after only a few parties .
 I loved this blacklight . I was using in for my glow in the dark Zumba class . I was only using it once a month for the one hour class . After the 7th month the light just stopped working . I was lucky it 's still covered under warranty and the customer service agent I have been dealing with has been very helpful . HOWEVER the new unit they sent me and the bulbs are defective and broken . The warranty almost is useless if I keep receiving faulty merchandise . It is a very powerful light though and if it lasted more than the 7 hours I used it I would of been satisfied .
 They 're nice lights , and probably use little energy , but I 'm returning them because they look absurd on the front of my house . Too blue . Oh well .
 Be wary when placing this order as the states S&H of $ 4.38 changes to $ 32.01 , over twice the cost of the stencils themselves . I canceled within 10 minutes of placing this order and get an email on day two stating that they 're going to charge me anyway and I can just return it . Buyer Beware folks !
 Pieces stick to each other , which is charming , but not to other surfaces , which is useless . Would not adhere to any surface , thus unable to use !
 This type of `` Production Speed Cutter '' by CRL is garbage and should not be sold.Don ' t be confused , there is a good speed cutter by CRL , but not with this type of wheel head.Before buying , ask for a larger picture showing the cutter wheel . When seeing the cutter wheel , you will realize that CRL should not have there name on this piece of crap.There is only one row of guide wheels and will slip away a little easier than the better ones with 2 rows of guide wheel . However , I am disappointed with the wheel cutter head . I may of used it wrong , but I dipped the wheel in oil before each cut and the wheel stopped turning after the 3rd piece of glass . I have a larger speed cutter with a oil feed and the cutter wheel looks like a Toyo , which it should . I love it.Because of the lack of pictures available , I should of known better.Of the 3 pieces I cut with this cutter , everyone ran off because the wheel stopped turning in the middle of my cut . If you buy this , `` I told you so '' .
 This is my second bow saw . I have a shorter one from other company which is excellent to cut any tree limbs up to 4 inches diameter . So , I want a bigger one . But , this is too soft . Many times the saw blade twist and cutting is not as effective as my shorter one . Big is not always good .
 This light burns hot . It does not have a stable base , so be sure to set it on a level surface . Of all the purchases we 've made on Amazon we consider this our only mistake .
 Works as intended , but am dissatisfied with the quality -- very flimsy material for the price . $ 20 seems more reasonable .
 This lamp is OK . I really liked the styling of it - was looking for a bit of glam `` Old Hollywood '' - but the construction is a bit flimsy . It 's also not really good at illuminating the room , it 's more of a spotlight .
 It would have been nice to know that the Fathead decal does not stick to any walls with the slightest texture . Our wall is very lightly textured . We spent 10 minutes removing air pockets and in 5 minutes it was peeling off . This was a waste of $ 100.00 . We have replaced the decal back on the original paper and rolled it back up in the box it came in . We are hoping to send it back or sell it to someone with smooth walls , assuming it will stick to smooth walls .
 I purchased one of these about ten years ago . I bought it because I wanted something simple and reliable that did n't need a battery . Nor did I want something that required me to spend an hour with the operating manual learning how to use it . Since I had no interest at the time in a programmable thermostat , Honeywell 's classic round model was a good choice.It served me well for ten years . But a few days ago -LRB- during the height of the scorching Texas summer heat I might add -RRB- , I arrived home one evening to find my place a toasty 89 degrees . My first assumption was that the AC compressor had died . I soon discovered that the Fan Switch on the thermostat was intermittent when in the `` Auto '' position.After jiggling the switch several times it seemed to be working OK . But I awoke the following morning to a hot room , and realized I was going to need a new thermostat . Since I still have no interest in a programmable thermostat -LRB- or one that uses a battery -RRB- , I decided that the simplest thing to do was to replace it with the exact same model and be done with it -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . Although the new Honeywell model looks the same as the old one , that 's where the similarities end . The old model was completely mechanical and had a mercury switch . The new one does n't have a mercury switch . But what it does have is a circuit board and a lithium battery . A battery ? I thought I was purchasing a simple mechanical thermostat.Honeywell 's outer packaging fails to mention anything about a battery . The only reference to it is in the owner 's manual . And that 's only to warn you that the lithium battery may contain perchlorate material , and that special handling may apply . In fact , there 's no battery hatch on the thermostat , nor any screws that can be unscrewed to take it apart.Although it might be possible to pry the thermostat apart , it 's obvious that Honeywell never intended the consumer to replace the battery . I can only conclude that when the battery dies , Honeywell expects you to throw the thermostat away and buy a new one -LRB- the people in the marketing department at Honeywell must absolutely love this -RRB- . Further research suggests that the internal lithium battery may last ten years . But even if this is true , does it make sense to throw away a functioning thermostat just because the battery died ? I do n't think so . Some people have a mechanical thermostat in their home that 's over twenty years old and it 's still working fine.Despite Honeywell 's logic regarding the battery , I decided to install the thermostat anyway to see how it worked . First of all , the thermometer that indicates ambient room temperature was off by almost five degrees . I know this because I compared it with three other thermometers I have -LRB- both analog and digital -RRB- that are all within a degree of each other . This would n't be so bad if Honeywell gave you a way to adjust the thermometer , but they did n't . Thanks a lot Honeywell!Oh well . What 's more important it how well the thermostat actually performs . Since I conducted my tests in the summer , I have no idea how well the heat function works . But I can tell you that in the AC mode the thermostat shuts off a full four -LRB- 4 -RRB- degrees before it reaches the preset temperature -LRB- and there 's no way to adjust it -RRB- . For example
 I have four of the round Honeywell thermostats in our house built in 2005 , three for zone heat and one for A/C and zone heat -LRB- #T 87F 2873 3 -RRB- . Ours has the mercury bubble unlike some of the newer ones that are mercury-free . None of them maintain the temperature settings very accurately . For instance there were times when the thermometer on the thermostat showed 3 degrees below the setting but the heat would not come on ; at another time the temperature might be 3 degrees above the setting but the heat would not shut off . My main thermostat is off by about 6 degrees but that varies from time to time . Sometimes the heat or A/C comes on and goes off 6 degrees from the setting , other times it is just a couple degrees off . We had the builder replace the A/C thermostat but the replacement acts pretty much like the first one.The list price of $ 70 -LRB- as seen on an Amazon seller site -RRB- for the non-electronic thermostat is very unreasonable . None of the parts are made of material worth more than a few cents . I may be showing my age but it does n't seem like too long ago when the round thermostats sold for $ 5 . The round Honeywell thermostats do last a long time because there is hardly anything in them to go wrong . The electronic thermostats that I 've had in former houses have nice features but seem to last only a couple years before malfunctioning . Lightning or power surges or poor design must do them in . I give the round thermostats 2 stars at least because they last a while , though in my case , not very accurately .
 DO N'T !!! I 'm sixty four years old and have installed a lot of thermostats . This one is such a piece of junk that I almost threw it away . The screws that hold the wires are so small that I had to use a jeweler 's screw driver . They are n't strong enough to hold the wires . There are are these small non tapered screws that hold the circuitry on that are a fingernail longer that the recessed holes they go in which keep falling out and disappearing . A real frustration piece . This is not the Honeywell brand that I grew up with . This one and my last one were cheap crap . I will change brands next time .
 I wanted to ditch my Hunter digital thermo for the classic round . We have the OLD classic round -LRB- with mercury ! -RRB- down at work and it 's simple , accurate and I love it.So I shopped around and bought the new incarnation of the Round.I do n't like it . And here 's why.First off , the new color is a stark , brilliant white . I did n't want white . I wanted taupe or beige or whatever the old color is.The new thermos are electrically controlled , there is no mercury.I want mercury . I 'm not scared of mercury . The world is not going to end because of mercury thermostats . Mercury is allegedly more accurate because ... THIS THING IS NOT . If I want my house at 70 degrees , I have to set it at 76 . If I want my house at 66 degrees , I have to set it at 70 . There is NO heat anticipator dial inside . I do n't know if that is a mercury-only thing , but I ca n't adjust it . My furnace calls for an anticipator setting of .8 . Dunno what I 'm supposed to do now ... Now , the thermo works just fine and is simple , but it 's off by six degrees . That 's silly nonsense.I called Honeywell and was told that since I bought it off a -LRB- reputable -RRB- seller on eBay they would n't honor the warranty . So now I 'm stuck with it unless I want to return it to the guy . I guess I 'll just keep it .
 I bought one -LRB- yellow cord -RRB- from an online retailer . I 'm not kidding , I used it less then 10 times and the cord would not go back in . There is a metal 6 sided spindle on one side that the spring connects to and the other half of it fits in a plastic socket molded into the side cover . The plastic socket shattered.It was virtually brand new . I am not abusive to my tools .
 If I could give an item zero stars I 'd do it . I 've written over 50 amazon reviews and have never given something less than 2 stars ... until now . I 've owned for less than 2 years and from the moment I bought it , plugs would not fit tightly in the outlets . Most of the time you would have to angle the plugs downward to get contact , otherwise you would n't get power . The cord itself is hard to latch and reel in.Today was the last straw . Right when I plugged in my table saw , the thing caught fire and nearly set my hand on fire.DON ' T DO IT .
 I just bought one of these at Northern Tool on Black Friday for $ 39.99 . It is going back on Saturday . Since i did n't plug anything in to it I ca n't speak for that part , but I did try the retracting mechanism before I hung it up . It would get jambed every time I tried reeling it back it , felt like the cord would get off track , or would bunch up in the middle and not retract like it should . Stay away .
 This one is a stinker ! IT does n't light the entire page , so you have to keep moving the light from the top of the page to the bottom . This was when reading a small paperback . It would be worse with a large hardcover book ! It also does n't stay put on the book . It uses 3 little cell batteries . The battery cover disappeared right away after I bought it -LRB- poor design ... I did n't take it off ... it popped off and I did n't noticed till it was too late to find it ! -RRB- The battery did n't last long . The design is kind of cute , but the logistics make it not worth the price . Avoid this one ! I borrowed my daughter 's `` My Light , '' and have been using it for weeks on the same 2 batteries . It also lights the entire page and it has a great little swivel head so you can just point the light where you need it . -LRB- from one page to the next -RRB- . Try that one instead!My Light - LED Task / Reading Clip Light - Green
 I am so disappointed with these lights . As the previous reviewer says , they are n't bright enough to illuminate a whole page - in fact I do n't find them bright enough to read by at all ! A complete waste of money .
 This is a beautiful lamp . I saw it in store and had it ordered and shipped to my apartment . Upon opening the box , the Styrofoam exploded everywhere . I do n't recommend opening in the house . When I screwed the pole into the base , the hole seemed to be stripped . The pole is wobbly and barely stays in place . The top part where the lamp is does not even fit in the hole on top of the pole . HORRIBLY made and I am severely disappointed for the price that I paid . Will be returning .
 Product came knocked down with a bag full of hardware and NO instructions for assembly . There are 9 different types of items to be used in assembly with no clue as to what goes where . Where is the instructions ?
 I 've used this knife a few times to cut fiberglass insulation and it takes the edge off in about two cuts . It would n't even cut an orange . I like the size and features but they got the heat treat wrong . That 's really all that matters . At $ 15 I got what I payed for .
 As other people allude , I must also condem the evo for it 's size . My hands are too large for the knife . It 's better than no knife and does not require much room . I 'm not a `` knife person '' . As such , I view a knife as a tool . The published measurements seemed ok at the time.Written with the obvious risk , I 'd think it 's a knife built for a woman 's hand and her handbag . It might serve as a camper 's knife providing that camp meat is no larger than a squirrel.One thing that bothered me is that before purchase I thought I had looked around fairly carefully . Upon arrival , I discovered that the evo is produced in china ; this was contrary to the online information.As one of those `` Old fashioned '' guys all too aware of American jobs moving offshore , I attempt to buy only domestically produced goods . Yes , good luck to me but I try . This may be politically incorrect and the PC Police may attack my ideas but it 's time to speak up and inform.I bought a Gerber EZ Out and most likely will sell the two evo 's at a yard sale if they can be found at that time.No thanks to the evo baby .
 THIS KNIFE SUCKS !!! The blade lock DOES NOT work against simple finger pressure . Totally useless and a danger to use . Sent it back and they replaced it with a good one . I lost it and had to buy another . Same problem but I fixed it using a dremil . I like the knife but it is not worth it if you have to return it or fix it .
 I owned the EVO Jr for two years and though it is sturdily built , it was never that easy to open one handed . The knife has a unique aluminum handle design that allows one to see through it . The handle is reasonably comfortable but if it 's cold outside it can become uncomfortable pretty fast without wearing gloves.The blade shape is a modified spear point . The steel is some form of Gerber 's 440A steel from what I could find out . This makes it easy to sharpen and is more forgiving but edge retention suffers . The one handed opening is what I think lacks the most on this knife . It is stiff and does n't really loosen up that much . The thumb stud is also small and uncomfortable . The knife blade itself is an ok cutter but nothing to write home about . The serrations do work well for cutting rope etc.In summary , I think this knife is more concept and looks than a real world functioning one-handed EDC knife . It is built strong , but most of the other one-handed models out there just work better than the EVO . I ended up selling mine to a friend and buying Gerber 's EZ Out folder , which I think is vastly superior . The EZ Out is also made in the USA whereas the EVO is made in China , which is another important factor to me . Overall , not recommended .
 I had lost my larger evo knife , and thought i would give the smaller one a shot for 16 bucks . overall great knife , but the clip fell off within the hour . the little screws had ripped right out . I decided to ask for a refund since i figured it had to be some sort of defect . No such luck , same problem with the next one . . I kept this one , but I rarely use it since without a clip its easy to lose . I would definitely recommend the next size up in the evo line .
 This knife is poorly made : - Blade rubs when closing due to pressure from linear lock - Due to the above , blade play is severe - Pocket clip broke off same day it arrived -LRB- screws failed -RRB- - Handle is very soft aluminum very easily scratched and nicked - Due to blade play the linear lock moves and gives out with easeOne could say `` well for the price what do you expect '' but for a few dollars more you can get the far superior -LRB- very similarly designed -RRB- -- Columbia River Knife and Tool M16-10KZ 3-Inch Black Folding Knife.Various good quality budget knives : ----------------------------------- Plain Edge : - Kershaw OD-2 Knife with 8CR13MOV Stainless Steel Blade-Byrd Crossbill Stainless Plain Edge KnifePartial Serrated : - Kershaw Scamp Serrated Knife-Byrd Meadowlark G-10 Combination Edge Knife , Black-Kershaw Volt II Serrated Pocket Knife-Kershaw Clash Serrated
 I 'll make this review real quick because i do n't even think this knife deserves being talked about . ordered it as a small repair knife for a daypack i 'm putting together , but this will go right into my junk drawer and never again see the light of day . First off , for a knife this small , it really should be lighter in weight . also , the handle is so awkwardly small it does n't fit in my hand properly and i feel i ca n't give it enough torque to get anything done with it.worst of all , the pin is so poorly machined that the blade is NOT one hand openable , as advertised . BE AWARE OF THIS . the knife arrives in need of serious WD40 , which is crap . i should n't be putting WD40 on a knife until it 's served me at least years , maybe decades . Try to open this knife with your thumb and you will be extremely frustrated . even opening it with two hands is frustrating because it is n't `` designed '' that way , so you have trouble using the tips of your fingers to pry out the stubborn blade from the handle . total CRAP.actually , the worst part is definitely that the locking mechanism is garbage . you have to forcibly snap the blade into place for it to lock at all . if you do n't , and you just use it assuming it 's been locked , you 'll get hurt . WD40 does n't even help that . proper engineering helps that . oops . even the belt clip is so stiff you have to pry it apart to slip it onto even a thin fabric . this knife is a JOKE.I 'm furious because i do n't feel that we should have to pay nearly 20 dollars for a knife that should be given away free at trade shows and conventions . this is literally of that quality . it makes me think that Gerber has become just another inflated corporation with little regard for quality control . I do n't have to take that sitting down when there are fantastic knife companies still out there to trust . knives that are made to last at prices that are n't a joke . this is my last gamble on this once-acceptable brand.also note
 All knives came dull from factory , -LRB- 3 of them -RRB- . One had perfect centering and opening , the other two rubbed against the liners when closing the blade -LRB- off center -RRB- . I returned the two that were misaligned to get two that would get the liner lock stuck into the blade and require two handed closing to get the lock `` unstuck '' from the bottom of the blade.I decided to remove the pocket clip to see how it felt without the clip , and the screws stripped the holes in the handle . I have the proper sized tools for these torx and hex screws , however , the soft aluminum handles totally got stripped after one application so in my book that is FAIL.I will not look into Gerber products anymore , they seem way too hack for me . And now that they teamed up with Bear Grylls -LRB- fake survival show `` man vs. wild '' ... search youtube to see the fake jobs he 's done -RRB- for the survival knives I really will stay away from Gerber . Kershaw , Cold Steel , CRKT , Ka-Bar ... much more consistent and better quality than any Gerber knife that I have used .
 This may be my mistake for not reading the specs , but regardless a knife this small is almost useless to me . But again , it was my fault for assuming it to be bigger.What is n't my fault , however , is how difficult it is to push open with just your thumb . This is the second Gerber knife I have purchased which makes it extremely difficult to open one-handedly . I can not stand that . If I had any patience or time , I would return the item . But instead it will sit in a drawer somewhere gathering dust .
 Dead on arrival - blade barely opened and then would n't shut on the very first time attempt . Very dissapointed and sent it back for a refund .
 Ordered this knife based on Gerber name . Mistake . It is extremely stiff and difficult to open with one hand . The handle is too small and does not have a good feel for me . -LRB- I probably should have looked closer at the specs -RRB- . The clip is too snug for a pair of jeans and from what I 've read here , will probably snap off after a couple of uses . All in all , this knife should sell for about five bucks . In the drawer it goes ! Just my take . Your mileage may vary .
 In retrospect , I should have bought a knife with a 3 '' blade . Everything about this knife -- blade and handle -- is just a bit too small for my taste.The blade was super sharp right out of the box.To open the knife is a two-step deal . Use your forefinger on a bump at the base of the blade to open the knife half way ; then , use your thumb on the stud to open the rest of the way . You can not open it using just the thumb/stud method . I find the opening process more awkward than other knives.Seems to be of typical good Gerber quality .
 I 'll make this short and sweet . Ive had this knife for 3 months now and Ive had to sharpen it 7 times already . The only action this knife sees is a few boxes and my mail . Opening it is very stiff , you actually need to put some wrist action while you open it.I tried loosening the privet screw a bit , it was faster ... but for the cost of blade play . The reason it has two star is for its weight and size . Honestly this knife is not worth it , if you want a knife with the same design , faster deployment , and a more durable blade ... . Get the CRKT M16-01z its less then ten bucks more ... Ps . . Whoever posted those pictures must think we 're clueless ... We all know what a fricken liner lock is !!!!
 The blade came very dull . After I sharpened it , it worked reasonably well for a few weeks . Then it broke . The studs came out which means it is very hard to open and it does n't stay open at the right angle . I did n't even do anything that would be hard on it . It stayed in my pants pocket and I used it for opening an occasional box or package . Overall I am very frustrated with this knife and will be looking for a replacement .
 I just ca n't imagine any good use for this knife . I liked the CRKT M-16 that I had . So I figured a smaller , cheaper version would be nice . This knife is just too small to be useful . I never realized this before on the M-16 , because it 's a larger knife , but the flipper stud makes the knife very difficult to hold near the blade . On a small knife like this , it reduces the gripping area of the already diminuitive handle.This knife is completely useless to me . I threw it in a drawer shortly after I got it , and I have not seen it , since .
 After only two years of use , the integrated circuit board -LRB- Part # 20380S -RRB- failed on this unit causing the door to close partially , then reopen . I spoke with Genie Support and they walked me through several troubleshooting steps and confirmed the circuit board was bad . They offered to sell me a new one for $ 80 , which was hard to swallow considering I only paid $ 129.99 for this when purchased new . The warranty is only 1 year . Their customer service was knowledgeable and friendly which is why I 'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 .
 The control circuit board failed after less than three years of use , causing the opener to fail to close the door on an intermittent basis . I was told by a service company that this is a common problem with the Genie Chain Glide models . But Genie does not offer to address it as an inherent problem . It would cost as much to have the board replaced as to purchase a new opener . Find another more reliable model .
 My GCG350 failed after 3 yrs . It suddenly started to behave erratically , would start closing and immediatly open again . I found that the solder joint to the transformer on the control board became loose . After fixing that it still failed . Eventually it failed to detect the open limit switch and the motor took all the chain in , locked up and broke a plastic piece ! The end . I think my old Craftsman lasted 30 yrs and I changed that poor thing 'cause it did n't have a remote ...
 Very disappointed with Genie . The slide carriage is all worn out after only less than 4 years . Spent lots of time with their service department but they blamed all on my garage door -LRB- same door worked for over 20 years with a Chamberlain -RRB- . Do not buy their products - you 'll be very disappointed . It deserves one star - good use as a door stop .
 I agree with the other two reviewers that the circuit boards on these units are horrible . I made the mistake of buying two of these things because I have double garage doors . I 've had them for about 4 years now , and the circuit board has gone out once on one of them , and twice on the other . If you are in the unenviable position of already having purchased one of these units , the good news is that the Genie reps are pretty dumb and/or easy to fool into giving you a new circuit board for free , even if your warranty has expired . I 've replaced the circuit board 3 times now and as I said , my units are 4 years old . Each time I 've gotten the new circuit board for free -LRB- just pay a ripoff price of $ 10.00 fo S/H . , which is probably the cost Genie pays for the circuit board and the shipping combined , so they 're not losing anything here -RRB- . Here 's what you do . Call the service reps , and tell them that your circuit board is bad . After they walk you through some diagnostic tests , they will determine that the board is bad . Then they will go into all the warranty information . Luckily however , they 've yet to ask me any specific details about my receipt . All they asked was `` Where did you buy it ? '' -LRB- in my case at Lowe 's -RRB- ; `` When did you buy it ? '' -LRB- even if your unit is older than Dick Clark , tell them that you just bought it 8 months ago -RRB- ; and `` How much did you pay for it ? '' , etc. . Of course they will ask a few other questions like the model number and all that . If they claim that they do n't sell that model anymore at the particular location where you bought yours at , stand your ground and insist that that 's where and when you bought it . Eventually they 'll cave , and you 'll have a new circuit board in just a couple of days for the low low cost of $ 10.00 , plus the frustration of being without a garage door opener for a few days.By the way , the new circuit board is n't terribly difficult to install . In fact it 's pretty easy . A few screws gets you into the unit itself , and then a few more to unscrew the circuit board . Unplug the wires from the circuit board , and mount the new board and plug in the wires , and you 're good to go.Oh , and if you 're feeling guilty about lying about the warranty - do n't . After all , they had no problem selling you a unit that they 've probably known for quite some time to be defective , and to top it off , want to sell you a new circuit board for the ridiculous price of $ 80.00 ! Seems like this genie is n't interested in granting any wishes here folks ! I 'm giving this unit 2 stars -LRB- 1 for the lousy opener they sold me , and another star for the dumb customer reps that sent me 3 free circuit boards 3 years after my warranty has expired -RRB- .
 I had to replace a roof vent , and needed to remove nails from the surrounding shingles . The name `` Shingle Ripper '' is accurate . I had better luck using a regular 18 '' flat bar and a cat 's paw nail puller . Maybe someone somewhere has a step-by-step for successfully using this tool on asphalt shingles ? I looked and could n't find one .
 I was looking for a inexpensive ripper that would cut roofing staples for individual cedar shake replacement . This is a slate ripper that removes the nails in slate roofs . It does n't have a sharp carbide cutting edge on the hooks that I expected . It is also thicker than the more expensive slate rippers
 This is the first time I 've used one of these tools , so I 'm not exactly sure how it 's supposed to work.But , from what I understand , the tool is SUPPOSED to cut the nails.There is no way this tool could cut through anything . The hooked areas look like they 're supposed to be sharp , but are far from it.When you hook a nail you have to beat on the tool with a heavy hammer to bend and rip the nail out of the wall.What I think it 's supposed to do is just slice through the nail.Maybe I 'm wrong , but I do n't think so.I give it more than one star simply because it IS better than nothing , even though I do n't think it works correctly.I guess I can try to sharpen mine , but in all honesty I wish I had just spent the extra 20 - 30 bucks for a real one .
 it broke within 2 weeks of purchase even though we babied it quite well .
 This piece of garbage broke after 2 days of light use . Customer service is non-existant to totally rude . Do n't waste a penny on this junk .
 These feel and look strong but they have one HUGE flaw
 This lamp is big which my wife and I wanted . The lamp is just super sensitive . Walk past it , sit by it and it cuts on or off . It is rather a pain . I past this lamp up at a local furniture store for $ 60 more , but it had a switch . I regret it .
 I bought one of these lamps knowing they are oversized . It fits nicely in my living room ... but the touch-on/off switch goes haywire . Whenever I walk past it it changes from dim to bright to off to dim again . it also randomly turns on and off when I am in another room.The exterior looks nice , so two stars . Maybe mine was just defective ... I think I am going to try to strip its guts out and rewire a regular switch ...
 The lamp arrived in a box that was completely trashed . When I took the parts out , the shade was ripped and the glass table had a scratch . I decided to live with the scratch on the table but I needed a new shade . I called the company , left a message since nobody picked up the phone . I waited for a week for their reply , and then I decided to call amazon . Amazon responded right away and they were willing to set up a pick up from my house . As soon as I hung up the phone from amazon Adesso representative called , apologized for the inconvenience and promised to send me a new shade right away.I decided to cancel the pick up from amazon , for the shake of avoiding a return . A week went by and I received a glass table instead of a lamp shade . I call them back and they apologized again , and they told me that someone messed up in their warehouse , but not to worry they will send a new one by the end of the week . Another week went by and I received nothing . I call them back , and the lady on the phone told me , that she is not sure why I did not get it . I asked her to check and call me back . She called me in a half an hour and she said
 I purchased two `` G0572 Hanging Air Filter with Remote `` from Grizzly . I mite add this point , I havespent thousands on dollars at Grizzly and havebeen very happy with my purchases . I opened the first `` G0572 Hanging AirFilter with Remote '' up and right away it was evident the that unit had beenopen before . Bags open , cord untied , dirty packaging . I plug the unit in tomake sure it worked and could not believe what I was seeing the fan in theunit was constructed so poorly that the whole thing shook across the floor.I quickly turn it off for fear of being hit by flying part . I than unpackedthe second unit . Same thing , the unit had been open before and vibrated -LRB- Shook -RRB- just as bad as the first . I can not believe that Grizzly would even sellsomething of such terrible quality . There is no way that ANYBODY haspurchased one of these unit and kept it . Than the fact that these unit haveevidently been open and returned -LRB- I sure for the same reason that I amseeing -RRB- yet they sell them again knowing that they are bad . Believe me this $ 200 unit -LRB- s -RRB- has done thousands of dollars worth of damage to therereputation . To top it off to return them they tell me my original shippingcosts will not be refunded and I must pay to ship them back and pay a 10 % restock fee . This is not aissues of `` You get what you pay for '' these are nothing more than reputationdestroying scrap iron .
 Do not buy this unit . I just ordered 1 micron filters from Grizzly for mine on 3/5/09 . I got an email saying they where on back order and are expected on 8/22/09 . That 's a 5 1/2 month wait !
 I ordered 3 of the 8 cubic foot dual wheel wheelbarrow and I 'm short 2 sets of wheels D , 1 long brace L , 2 Braces K , 1 axle G , 1 true temper sign I , 2 brackets F , 1 wheelgard C , 2 tray braces H , 1 bag of hardware and a cotter pin ... . so right now I have 1 wheelbarrow and a pile of useless parts . What a waste of money and where is the email address to contact the shipper , there is n't any . I buy predominately on Amazon but I 'm on a very rural farm but next time I 'll spend my time and gas money to drive an hour and go get wheelbarrows . I 'm hoping Ace will send me these parts so I can remove this review.Ames True Temper 8 Cubic Foot Poly Tray Dual Wheel Contractor Wheelbarrow BP8
 I bought the Ames 8-cubic foot 2-wheel wheelbarrow from Ace Hardware Outlet -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- . It shipped in 3 boxes.The un-assembled parts do n't fit together to make a working wheelbarrow . The arms do n't fit the tray properly -LRB- arms are the v-shaped metal pieces that bold to the tray and handles ; they rest the back end of the wheelbarrow on the ground -RRB- . The drilled bolt-holes in the arm do n't fit the corresponding holes in the bottom of the tray.I 'm going to slink off to my Ace Hardware and beg them to help me fix it -- find the right parts to make a working wheelbarrow . It was a mistake not to buy an assembled wheelbarrow directly from a store . I would not recommend you buy a Ames wheelbarrow online .
 I used this once and the plastic cracked the first time we used it . Do not use this unless you are moving light materials - like mulch or soil . Forget about using it for rock .
 I should have known better !!!! cheap plastic crap that is poorly constructed at stress points . Used very little for ANY kind of heavy work . Plastic tub cracked at bolt heads almost immediately , not much later at base of tub near the deepest point . Ca n't get refund from dealer , nor can I even find a replacement tub . Trying to JB Weld and jerry rig some fix . At the price ... . should n't have to go there.stay away !!!!
 This purchase was made for a residential home . While our project is larger than average ; 10 cubic yards of gravel , 20 cubic yards of soil , and 10 cubic yards of mulch ; this wheelbarrow is far short of commercial quality -LRB- other than the plastic container -RRB- . When I moved soil the wheel bar bends when you move it . The front support braces have bent to the shape of the front wheelbarrow container . We were surprized they have n't broken yet ! We will not buy replacement brace parts , instead , we will go to local garage shop and have them make new heavier ones . The load balance is not what it should be either for this contractor product . I do n't expect this product to last through our spring project ; VERY disappointing .
 I bought this wheelbarrow in 2010 , and initially I was very satisfied -- I could fill it with as much dirt , rocks and junk as I could possibly move , and other than the occasional tire-pressure refill , it was flawless . Having 2 front wheels was essential for the very uneven terrain in our yard -- our single-wheel wheelbarrow was constantly tipping over with heavy loads . But I live in the Pacific Northwest , and before long , the underlying frame started to give out
 complete disappointment - three cracks in poly tub , broken wooden handle , axle attachment straps twisted and bent causing wheels to rub against tub . Jackson does state in their description that its great for leaves and mulch . This wheelbarrow should not be used for anything heavier then full loads of leaves or mulch . It might hold up with partial loads -LRB- 1/4 to 1/2 tub -RRB- of dirt or stone ? I used mine for 4 months . I just ordered a Sterling Wheelbarrow that is for commercial use , I should have went the commercial route in the first place for a few extra dollars . Ames True Temper and Jackson 8 cubic foot poly tray dual wheel are the same wheelbarrow
 Tool is absolutely useless , very disappointed in Camco . One end broke immediately , so I welded it back on . My welded end then held , but then the other end immediately broke -- trash time !!
 Floppy - will not hold it 's shape or stand up . Bottom -LRB- probably a piece of cardboard -RRB- was crushed in shipping and will not lay flat . Handles are too long for me - I 'm 6 ' tall and I have to lift the handles to head height to clear the side of the pickup bed .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 This is NOT a Gerber knife . A complete fraud . The brand is Superknife which you can look on the internet . Do NOT buy thinking you will receive a Gerber knife .
 Waited several weeks before I was told that the item was not available and was on back order until December -LRB- I believe -RRB- . Did n't want to wait .
 Look at the picture.You can clearly count 8 items and the discription says 8 piece and all you get is 1 container with 8 bungies in it.Every time I 've ordered something on Amazon , what the picture showed is what I got . I 'm not a happy camper with this at alhttp : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000E7YPA0/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titlel.Hope you make it right .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 THE TIE DOWN STRAPS ARE FOR MY HARLEY , YOU GET 2 5 INCH RUBBER CORDS , AND 4 FLEXIBLE 1 FT CORDS AND 25 PLASTIC 5 INCH HOSE CLAMPS ... WHAT DO YOU USE THEM FOR , I CAN GET 1000 OF THEM FOR 5 BUCKS AT BARGAIN CORNER , IM SENDIN MY PACKAGE BACK , NOT WORTH THE MONEY ... YOU MIGHT USE THE PLASTIC CASE FOR FISHIN , THATS ALLR.LAKO PITTSBURGH PA. .
 Foam sleeve would not fit over filter . Several attempts were made . Sleeve tore and was thrown away . A big-don ' t buy .
 Beware - these bulbs , which appear to be part of a PGE GIVEAWAY that are being sold retail burst into flames or simply smoldered when shortly after I installed themI would never buy them again and destroyed them after the second incident.Oh and they performed lousy as dimmable bulbs in every fixture in which I installed them -LRB- I bought a dozen -RRB- . But that 's just my experience .
 These are straight pieces of precut line that will not work in my machine . Most of the precut line I 've seen are `` U '' shaped . That 's what I thought I was buying . This was a waste of money . I 'm glad I only bought one pack of them . A better description from the seller would have prevented me from wasting my money .
 If you are trimming nothing but normal grass , this works fine . If you encounter tougher weeds , go back to your old string .
 Though a good idea , I found the the repleacement lines to be brittle and last no longer than traditional string . They are convenient considering I have to change them constantly .
 Stand should be bigger so it can balance the lamp , is alittle wobbly on carpet . The shades are really delicate , so delicate I just put mine up and they have holes in them already ! Where can you get replacement shades ? Who knows ! 60 or even 40 watt bulbs are hard to get into the lantern . Sure , you can use smaller bulbs but whats the point since I bought this to use with the 60 watt for light .
 These rubber furniture tips are good looking and correctly sized.However , it has only been 2/3 of a year and they are already cracked . I 'm using them on patio furniture , but the weather here in California is very mild so they should be OK.I 'm disappointed .
 I 've been looking for compression sleeve puller here and there . As a contractor , when you have too many to replace , this task can be a big chore . I came across to this one not long ago . I used it twice and the hadle broke . On the first use , the sleeve was loose enough to come out easy . However , the second use , the sleeve was tighten so hard that it was hard to turn the handle . A few turns after , the handle could not resist and broke . I do n't understand why they did n't use thicker handle . If I were them , I 'd put 1/4 '' hexagonal quick connection for an impact drill gun instead of turning with your hands . Stupid design with wrong material .
 This product doed not fit the staole gun , so I purchased some staples . I returned the first shipment , But the second was just like the first , would not fit the Staple Gun .
 This blade chips tile edges on the first cut ! My edge looks like I used my teeth to cut through it . I had much better luck with the Husky for the same price . Got perfect cuts with that blade for awhile .
 What a disappointment . I bought this blade a couple of months ago to have a spare blade on hand . I went to use it today and found out that the hole for the arbor is not as shown . How can a hole not be a hole you ask ? When it is a diamond shape cut-out instead of a hole . And now I ca n't return it . Anybody need a blade cheap ?
 Had I known that they would come up with oscillating tool that does more than this Bosch for less money , would n't have looked at this garbage . In addition , the balde on this Bosch wears faster than any blade . An absolute waste of money .
 I was happy about getting the item . Compact size and steel enclosure.I have n't worked that much with the homeline version by square d and now I no why its cheaper.I 've been doing electrical work for about 30 years and found this to be among the hardest devices I have ever wired.The bottom line is there just is n't enough room to work with 6ga wire in this box.I was very disappointed because I always go with square d if I can.However when it comes to spa panels , spend the extra $ 25-30 and get the `` cuttler hammer '' model that comes with 2 extra branch circuits and comes in a metal housing.It has more room , even if you dont need the extra circuits , the installation time and aggrevation you save will be worth the money .
 Well , it works as a faucet but the diverter thing , yeah , not so much . Only about a quarter of the water is pushed up into the diverter and the rest continues to come out of the spout . The end result is that there is almost no water pressure coming out of your hand held shower . Too bad because this really would have been great for me sense my tub doesnt have a separate shower and this was going to solve that problem . Oh well , guess I 'll keep looking .
 Avoid doing business with this vendor . Notice that their feedback is very negative . My experience is also very negative.On April 24 , I ordered three lamps from furniture on the web . Two were defective . I also received a large , stained glass lampshade that did not belong to me . I notified the company and they said they would replace the defective items and I should return the two defective items and the lampshade and they would give me return tags for them.On June 7 , I received the replacement lamps , and no shipping tags . I boxed the items to be returned in their original packaging and shipped them back . The company refused to reimburse the shipping cost .
 ... it has given my wife and I fits . I ordered this toilet about 5 months ago for a bathroom remodel . The first toilet arrived in about ten thousand pieces -LRB- through no fault of Amazon IMO -RRB- . Amazon quickly got out a replacement ... which arrived in about ten billion pieces . They quickly refunded me , but would n't send another . I completely understand their position . I was still enamored with this toilet so I had a friend order one for me , shipped to their house . It too arrived quickly , but this time in the requisite number of pieces . Install is a little more involved than a standard toilet , but I was able to get it installed no problem using the included directions . My primary concern is that suction appears to be lacking . When my wife uses the toilet -LRB- # 1 -RRB- many times the toilet wo n't pull the toilet tissue through the waste pipe . She 'll end up flushing with # 1 again , and if that does n't work , will hit the # 2 flush . So in the end , what was supposed to save water is actually using more water than the toilet which it replaced . We also have to keep a plunger nearby as on more than one occasion a # 2 did not get completely pulled through , leaving a mess and again , multiple flushes.The negatives aside , the soft close seat -LRB- you have to purchase the seat separate -RRB- is a joy . I do n't have to worry about waking the house if I need to use the toilet during the night and I drop the seat when I 'm finished . The toilet is easy to clean as it does n't have a lip around the base for spillage to accumulate . And to boot , it looks spectacular . It has very modern lines without being overly contemporary . This toilet will never go out of style ! I just wish it functioned as well as it looks . I love the idea of a dual flush toilet , but I would n't purchase this toilet again .
 Cleaning it every time after # 2 is just getting old . Problem is worse when child using it . I searched online to find a solution on how to raise water level in a basin and no luck . Tried adjusting water level in a tank to a max and still same issue . This is just poor design and there is no way to fix it . I have other Toto models and they work great but this one I would never recommend to anyone unless you enjoy cleaning your toilet on a daily basis .
 If you enjoy cleaning toilets , then this is the one for you . It 's beautiful and it 's a TOTO so I thought it would be great , but I have to clean it with a toilet brush after every solid waste . It has a teeny-tiny water spot and most of the waste does n't make it into the water , so it leaves behind major streaking that must be cleaned off each and every time . My kids do n't think of it , so now I have to remember to check it and clean it all the time ... grrrr My guests have to clean after themselves and it is a joke among my good friends !
 Bought this drill a while back and initially I was very happy with it . Then I had problems with the trigger jamming , and the forward/reverse switch catching.I had that repaired , now its going again . Plus the chuck is now loosening.I am also hearing the sound of a motor rattling as it dies.A compact lightweight drill that is simply not an industrial tool , and not fit for the purpose.I am a Makita man through and through , and sorry , but Makita have let me down.Test your products before you put them on the market , boys.Update 20 . oct. 2010This drill is not dying , and still working fine with no further problems.I use it all the time , and yes , it is a good drill .
 The drill broke after a few years of VERY LIGHT use , couple that with two DOA batteries a few more batteries that died after the first charge and you get a disappointed customer.I gave it two stars because it did perform well in the handful of times I used it and I like it 's light weight.But I 'm probably done with makita.Off to buy a new drill ...
 Purchased the Makita BDF452HW to replace a Ryobi 6V model , have owned for about 1.5 years . Moderate usage , maybe 30 hours a month.Case is great . Just big enough to fit the drill/driver , a screw guide , and a few bits.Plus - the kit came with two batteries . I have n't had any issues with the battery or the charger . A battery life indicator like what some Milwaukee batteries have would be nice , but with two batteries and a 15 min recharge time , this is n't much of a problem.Drill / driver is well balanced , feels good in the hand , lighter than many comparable models.No issues with the power , runs smooth and quiet , light is bright . Ratcheting chuck grips bits nice and tight.For me , the drill/driver has only had one issue , but it 's HUGE - the runout with any and every bit is ridiculous . Impossible to drill precise holes with this drill , and difficult to get a screw started straight . Returned first one , second one had the same issue.I would not buy this again . Bought this because a friend had one of these and worked great for him , but I got two in a row that had unacceptable amounts of runout . I would n't take a chance - just buy a Milwaukee or Dewalt instead .
 - Excellent tools.-Factory defect in the LI-ON battery packs , which in essence , makes the tool package a very bad deal.-You will regret purchasing this Makita item because of the bad track record of the battery packs.Do your own research . Check the YouTube sites with the repair advice . They are correct , there is a problem with the battery packs.-Check the cost of replacing the battery packs , they are typically pushing $ 100/ea , if you include tax and shipping.-Until Makita takes responsibility for the design flaw , and corrects the problem , you would be ill advised to purchase any Makita LXT tool sets .
 I have friends and family that all rave about Makita drills . I have used plenty of different brands , from corded to cordless . So when it came time for me to actually need to buy my own , I did some research and decided that with all the good reviews online and from people I actually know that I would buy this Makita drill . What a horrible mistake . The only thing good about this drill is that Makita has a 30 day satisfaction guarantee ; so at least I can get my money back . But my time wasted is just gone.The first one I bought I used and it seemed to work ok but the drill and screw bits I was using seemed to be wobbly when I put them in . I thought maybe I was just putting them in wrong and that it was my fault . But upon further inspection , I realized that it was the drill that was actually slightly off center , which was causing the bits to not rotate straight . Obviously that is n't good when you want precision . So I returned it and got another one ; it must have been just a fluke . I get the second one home , take it out , run some tests on it , and it has the exact same problem . It 's not as noticeable but it still is not the way it is supposed to be . I thought Makita did quality checks on every drill ? I guess their acceptable level of build quality just is n't that strict . I know some of you will probably just claim I do n't know how to properly put the bits in the drill , but I can assure you that I do . Just two weeks ago I borrowed my brothers cheapo Black and Decker cordless drill and it worked like a charm . And just last week I borrowed my fathers corded Black and Decker and that also worked like a charm . The bits drilled straight and there was no unevenness or wobble to them at all.Obviously something is wrong with these Makita drills . They seem very cheaply made . It seems like they have built themselves a reputation and decided to use that good reputation to phone it in on their newer drills . I am disgusted with this piece of crap and will be returning it for a refund . There is a Milwaukee drill that seems very similar that has gotten very similar reviews to this . It 's model # 2601-22 . I suggest giving that a look and forgetting about this Makita unless you want headaches .
 Awesome drill . The battery usage time , recharge , and power is great too . Problem is the batteries wo n't last long . My first battery failed with TWO WEEKS . I never got around to replacing it , so I 'm out of luck . Figured I had one good one . After two years , the second battery failed . So consider this drill 's batteries DISPOSABLE . Look at reviews for BL1815 battery to see what I mean.I called Makita hoping they would give me the model number of a replacement battery that works better -LRB- I was willing to purchase ... just wanted better quality -RRB- , and their unfriendly response was they do n't have an issue , which surprised me . I figured after two years they would have worked the bugs out , and I thought they were a more reliable , consumer-oriented company . Anyone out there have recommendations on equal quality drill but better quality batteries ... or do all Li-ION batteries have short shelf lives ?
 Unfortunately I did not read about the problems with the Makita BL1815 -LRB- 1.5 Ah -RRB- battery . I wish I had.This drill kit gets two stars instead of 5 on account of the batteries . The kit comes with two 1.5 Ah batteries , and a promotional offer meant that Amazon threw in one extra for free.One of the three did not even charge once . The charger indicates that the battery is bad and refuses to charge it . I opened it up and all the cells measure fine . The charge fuse turned out to be blown so I replaced it , but it still wo n't charge.I 'm now waiting for the next one to die ... How a quality company like Makita dares to dirty its good name with such poor quality is beyond me .
 I bought this item 2 years ago and the batteries fail as soon as warranty expires . I have replaced the batteries 3 times at a cost of $ 115 each . I think the charger is the culprit but can not prove it . Buy a Panasonic or Bosch . Makita has lost my confidence and I will never buy another .
 This drill has the worst run out on the chuck of any drill I have seen hooked it to a dial indicater and it has over 10 thousands run out.The only thing it is good for is using with paddel bits . I would save your money for another cordless drill if you plan on using this for drilling or screw driving . It wobbels so the holes its drills are not round and tring to drive screws well better have a good screw starter . The only good points on this drill are its lite weight and its fast recharge time .
 Love the drill but both batteries that came with it died just after the warranty and they are expensive - $ 69 apiece is the cheapest I have foundAs a comparison , a Makita 9v drill with nicad batteries has lasted me for over 12 years and is still going strong on the original batteries
 I 've used this drill for work almost everyday for a year . I bought this drill in January of '07 and have used it almost everyday -LRB- light to med duty -RRB- as a car audio installer.I 've replaced both original batteries and both replacement batteries as of last week . Luckily I live near a service center and they 've discretely replaced my batteries with a simple analysis on their battery dyno . So basically I 've been there 4 times . They 've never asked for a purchase receipt but on my 2nd to last replacement battery , they engraved the date and some reference number . But the replacement that I got last week was n't engraved.I own many lithium-ion tools -LRB- including the BDF451 for home use -RRB- , flashlights -LRB- Light & Motion Arc Li-Ion $ 500 HID bicycling light -RRB- , camera -LRB- $ 1000 Canon 30D SLR -RRB- , etc and I know how to care for the batteries . I 've never let them run completely out.I 've had Makita check my charger the first two times as well . The batteries are definitely defective . The charger luckily blinks alternately to show that the battery is infact not charging . In otherwords , the charger is working properly.Otherwise , the drill itself has plenty of power , is definitely light weight , and has a handy LED light too . But the run time is hit and miss . Sometimes I wo n't need to charge it for a couple of days and sometimes , I 'll need to charge it twice a day.Overall , I 'm very dissatified with the battery which is a majory bulk of the price of the drill .
 I received this drill as a present from my parents and it worked great for approximately 16 months . Then one day while working on a project both batteries died and would not recharge . I originally thought the charger had gone bad since I could n't believe both batteries would crap out at the exact same time . Wrong , I took the batteries to the local Home Depot who rents tools and they put them on their chargers and receive the same `` bad battery '' response . So now , I have a drill with no batteries . It will cost as much for two replacement batteries as it will to purchase the entire drill package again . If I have to spend that much I would just as soon buy a drill from a manufacturer who builds better batteries . I definitely would not recommend this drill unless you are ready to purchase new batteries every year .
 I bought the Makita 18.0 volt lithium-ion cordless drill when they first came out several years ago . Within 4 months , both batteries were toast . Not sure if the charger caused this or leaving the batteries on the charger for extended periods of time during winter . Based on this experience I would not buy another Makita cordless drill . I have owned other Makita drills with no problems and believe they make a good product , just not cordless drills with the lithium battery .
 The drill is OK - I am still surprised that it did n't include a belt hook with the drill - there are nut inserts in the case for one , so you can buy it as an accessory , but I have n't been able to find it anywhere.But , I am having fatal battery problems . Mine lasted a little less than 6 months -LRB- of light household use -RRB- and today the second battery died - neither one can be charged - I get the `` defective battery '' flashing lights when I put them on the charger and the charger shuts off -LRB- maybe the charger is defective ? -RRB- . So , I am back to my old reliable 14.4 volt Hitachi with worn out batteries -LRB- at least they work for a while ! -RRB- that I replaced with the Makita - I am just thankful that I did n't sell / give away the old drill.I will call customer service to see about a warranty replacement , but did n't expect this sort of problem when paying $ $ $ for a Makita . The Hitachi was 1/3 the price.Update # 1 - Nov 2009 - I took the drill in for service - it was exactly 91 days since I had bought it -LRB- it just seemed like 6 months ... -RRB- . The technician said that the switch failed which damaged both batteries . They will repair it under warranty . Several weeks have elapsed and I am waiting to get the drill back .
 I had the unfortunate experience of having to repair many Makita power tools for a Glens Falls , NY manufacturer . Previous to this I had heard wonderful things about Makita and I worked for Rockwell Int ` l. Power Tool Division R&D ; producing Porter-Cable power tools . The company I repaired tools and machines for produce silk screen printing machines and power company substations . The Makita tools they used included drills , grinders and saws . Without exeception all of these tools had one fatal flaw . When the brushes wear out in other brand tools , the tools just stops running . You replace the brushes and the tool again works . With Makita tools the brush holders are shorter which allows the worn out brushes to be pulled into the commutator of the armature shaft thus ruining the armature . The cost of replacing the armature is almost equal to replacing the entire tool.I have worked with power tools my whole life . I helped develope tooling to produce parts for them and I have assembled and disassembled many brands and Makita is the only brand I have seen this major engineering design flaw in . Generally speaking many people will never wear out the brushes in a power tool , but I personally would not take the chance on a tool with this issue.Additionally , some makers of industrial quality power tools have increased the number of windings on the armature and the field coils to increase the torque output making the tool superior to others . Porter-Cable , Rockwell , and Dewalt are among these companies . In cordless power tools , 18 volts is OK , but 19.2 volts gives you alot more and 24 volts even more .
 I was seduced by the ergonomics . Light weight , nice hand fit , easy chuck movement , nice ratchet tightening , Nice forward/reverse toggle placement . Super speedy battery charging . So whats to complain about ? I am shocked at how much wear and tear it shows . I had a Dewalt for over 12 years and you could throw that thing off a roof and it would still work great . It weighed a ton and was incredibly unbalanced , but it was a tough tool . The makita batteries need to be carefully cleaned and maintained to get them to slide in and out of both the drill and charger . Do I have time for this ? The chuck looks bad , caked with paints , resins deep scratches . I miss the butt level on the Dewalt . Nice simple visual check guide . I may just go out and find some batteries for my old Dewalt . I am not pleased with the extreme wear and tear after only a month of daily use . Argh . And despite the fact that it has more power than the Dewalt , it seems less powerful . It 's a drag to drill with .
 I was very disappointed in this product BEFORE the drive train snapped on the fourth time I used the drill . I was quite surprised as I own an older 14V makita that has performed very well over the years six years that I 've owned it . I was trying to upgrade because the batteries on the older model have reached the end of their life and no longer hold a good charge.I guess in trying to make it lighter , they built it cheaper . I also did not like the fact that the batteries would die within minutes of putting them to use . It did not perform for even half as long at the older model . And even though it claimed to be able charge the batteries within 15 minutes , I really did n't care because I was more upset about constantly having to switch out the batteries . I would recommend people stay away from this product.Best thing about this drill was the cool little LED light that shown on your work . Other than that , this drill was a complete bust for me .
 I have bought this drill motor before for my job and have had no issues . This time however was totally different . I bought it for my house and used it a couple times . When I went to slide the switch over to reverse , nothing happened . I went on Amazon 's web site to exchange the drill , and was notified that they would only refund my money that the drill was out of stock . So i packed it up and sent it back to Amazon . Later that day I got an email advertisement saying I can purchase the same drill for $ 50 more than my refund . DO N'T KNOW WHAT THESE GUYS ARE DOING BUT THAT IS WRONG . Like the drill , just got a defective one , not sure if I will be using Amazon again
 I bought the 3 piece combo kit and was very exicted to receive it . Unfortunately its going back as the drill was clearly defective . The chuck had a visible wobble . Firstly , the plastic piece around the chuck was not even close to being round . Secondly , the chuck itself had a visible wobble . While testing the drill it had a lot of vibration . After drilling test holes with different sized bits , it was clear that the holes were not clean . On the plus side the drill has great ergonomics and is light and very comfortable in the hand.Will I get a replacement ? No . I 'm going to try the Bosch Compact Tough 18v
 BS `` DOUR COMPANY PURCHASED 6 MONTHS AGO 40 OF THESENOW IT STARTS BREAKING 1 AFTER ANOTHERFOR PERSONAL USE IT 'S A GOOD CHOICEDONT EVEN THINK OF GIVING FOR EMPLOYEES IT WILL BREAK ONE AFTER ANOTHER
 I purchased this makita after reading all of the great reviews on amazon and other sites . I was deciding on the milwaukee 18v vs this one . Well , I really wanted to stay with the makita really , but due to the `` wobble '' , it was useless to me . My 20 year old corded craftsman with bad bearings held the bits steadier than the makita ! Anyway , I had read other reviews mentioning the `` wobble '' , but chalked them up to lemons or just a `` bad batch '' . All I had to do was put in a spade bit or a very small bit , and it was clear that mine had the wobble too : -LRB- I ca n't speak for the long term of the milwaukee , but on the surface , it has a more solid feel -LRB- parts of the housing are actually metal -RRB- , a gauge on each battery , and MUCH nicer case that is actually designed to hold the drill rather than just partition off the sections inside . I have been looking for an 18v drill for about 3-4 weeks now reading everything I can online , and it has been almost worse than used car shopping!I see a lot of ppl saying that the milwaukee is `` underpowered '' , but I do n't believe that to be the issue . I believe that possibly makita is OVERpowering their drill thus causing heat and battery issues that I 've seen people talking about . Also , just because the batteries charge in 15 minutes does n't mean it 's a good thing . I have years of experience charging nimh , nicd , and lithium batteries and I can tell you that quick charging leads to batteries overheating and hot batteries lead to damaged battery packs . If 30-60 minutes is too long for you to wait , then I would suggest purchasing extra batteries rather than quick charging batteries potentially damaging them . Charging technology has come a long way , but it 's still not to the point to be able to consistently , SAFELY charge batteries whether they are nimh or lithium . Everyone is concerned about the drills being made in China , but you need to consider the quality and care of the battery packs too .
 The batteries go dead so fast that if I 'm doing a lot of work the second battery is still charging when the other is finished . Makita was a good company once but now they have their products made in China and like all tools made there this is a piece of junk too . I will only buy power tools made in Europe from now on as the USA no longer manufactures anything . The companies here have sent those jobs to China . This tool feels unbalanced to use and the motor is not very smooth like other drills I 've owned , even cheaper ones . I guess $ 200 does n't buy much these days . People who like this thing must be younger then I and do n't know what a good tool feels like . By the way the little light is nice .
 After the batteries for my Porter-Cable cordless drill would n't hold a charge , I figured that it was time for a new one . This drill looked like a good choice based on reviews and my perception that Makita makes good stuff . Well , the drill lasted 3 months . I gave it a lot of use , but I expected a more durable tool -LRB- my Porter-Cable drill lasted over ten years -RRB- . The drill is light weight and easy to handle , but it can not hold up to the rigors of real use . We will see what the warranty service people will do for me . Until then , I have rebuilt the batteries for my Porter-Cable and it is still going strong .
 This could be a really super drill , but something is whacky with the chuck and even with brand new Craftsman bits , the drill wobbles in my hand . I read a couple of other comments that describe this problem . For $ 200 I want a drill I can depend on for years to come , and this one is not it . Others who have sent theirs back for replacement were not satisfied , so mine is going back for refund and I am probably going to shop for DeWalt , even though they use old battery technology . The ones I have used at my job worked great except for slow charge time . The good news is that Amazon will have UPS come get the thing as a defective with no return shipping cost to me . Amazon has been very good to me !
 Bought an 18 volt combo pack a few years ago , drill and and impact driver . Tools are great - rugged and durable with plenty of power . But the batteries are garbage - worse , since you have to recycle them since they ca n't be rebuilt or repaired . I got less than 20 charge cycles over less than 2 years out of two batteries before the charger indicated they were not rechargable , and out of Makita 's absurd one year warranty . In contrast , I have a 9.6 Makita drill with 3 batteries and each have received hundreds of charge cycles and not lost one yet after many years of rugged service . Since the 18v batteries are so expensive I have n't replaced them and the tools have sat on my shelf ever since , a total waste of money . Was such a fan of Makita until this purchase , such a shame .
 I left the battery on the charger for a long time and all of sudden it 's completely dead ? The charger indicates that the battery is toast . The drill is good , but I 'm reluctant to replace the battery or buy any more 18V Lithium Makita tools given the reputation they are earning . I give it two stars because my battery lasted two years -LRB- with minimal use -RRB- . Now how about that Milwaukee ? Hmmmm .
 I bought this for my son , he only used it once or twice the first year . The charger and batteries failed after about two charges , not to mention it also had the off-center chuck . So everything is out of warranty , and replacing the defective parts is more cost than new ones .
 Overall this drill is a big improvement in many ways over the 18v Milwaukee I have been using . It has equal torque but over a longer period of time with the better batteries -LRB- and no memory effect that has been a defect of the Milwaukee batteries along with them exploding - recall is in effect -RRB- . The chuck is not as easy to use as the Milwaukee and is more cheaply constructed from the feel of it . When doing a lot of drill or bit changes the Milwaukee is easier to use . If you do purchase this drill check it upon arrival and verify the condition of the chuck for run out . Easier to return it immediately for a better copy.The LED light that automatically comes on when the drill is powered on and automatically shuts off is something that once used becomes a `` must have '' for any future drill I buy . It puts the light right where you need it and works much better than a headlight or hand held flashlight.What surprised me is that although the drill handle has holes tapped to accept a bit holder and the Makita tool belt clip these items are not included with the drill but must be ordered separately . Why Makita does not add $ 1.00 to the dealer cost and have a $ 2.00 higher retail price but instead has buyers of this drill -LRB- these items are included with Makita 's other lithium powered hand drills -RRB- have to search for Makita 's store and buy these two items and pay for shipping for a total of $ 14 , and Makita does not even provide part numbers or ordering information for the parts it left out of the box . To make matters worse Makita at its national parts center is out of stock of these parts and will not take an order for an item if it is not in stock . So the customer is expected to make repeated calls until the parts are in stock -LRB- no email notification system is in place either -RRB- . Makita has integrated LED lights but decided that a belt hook and a bit holder are items that few people will want and so has not only left them out of the kit , they have not made them available for order by customers.The 1/2 size batteries save on weight but their is a much bigger performance penalty that I had suspected . I get much less than 50 % of the power I get from full size batteries so not only can I make far fewer holes with the drill the largest hole size I can drill is much smaller . I have drained these 1/2 size batteries in minutes drilling a single hole in OSB . Recharge times are half as long but when you have to recharge them 3x as often it pretty much results in a losing proposition . Charge times for lithium-ion batteries is a bit of a muddy subject as brand X may charge faster but overheat the batteries and dramatically shorten their life in terms of the number of recharge cycles or charge capacity being reduced with each successive recharge . Makita even recommends in the user guide that when using the Makita full size lithium-ion batteries to recharge them and then let them cool down for 60 minutes in the Makita charger . The time from discharge to reusing a battery , if one follows the Makita recommendation , is actually 90 minutes and not 30 . For light duty use the Makita is not a bad choice and will provide years of service for drill small holes and driving small screws . For medium duty use a drill kit with full size batteries is a better buy than getting this kit and adding 3 Ah batteries later . For heavy duty use a 3-speed gearbox cordless drill like the DeWalt DCD940 or DCD970 will last longer and can work in situations where this Makita will understandably fail.It also is important if boring large holes or deep holes to use the best available hole cutters . I can cut a 4-1/2 '' hole with a Blue Boar large gullet hole cutter using this drill but would not be able to cut a 2 '' hole with a bi-metal hole saw in the same material.BLUE BOAR 4-1/2 '' -LRB- 114mm -RRB- Self-Feed TCT 2-1/4 '' deep multipurpose Tungsten Carbide hole cutter outperforms self-feed bits & bi-metal hole saws . Cut wood , MDF , OSB , laminates , Hardie & chipboard , plaster , drywall , brick , FormicaThis applies to drilling small holes in wood that are 1 '' diameter or less in size and the advantages to using Forstner bits or the new spade bit designs and not trying to use HSS twist bits that are meant to be used on metal.The best part of the new lithium-ion drills for the homeowner and hobbyist is the very long time that the batteries will hold a charge . Handy to be able to grab a drill for a small project and not have to first re-charge the battery .
 After recieving my new Drill after delivery all the way to Australia , I was disapointed to find the Battery Charger was not Multi Voltage and designed only for the US power supply of 110 volts . I have been told that a replacement charger is more than I paid for the whole drill package . So I would urge anyone with a power supply of 220/240 volts to give this product a wide birth . Hope this helps someone , not make the mistake I made . regards Bryan
 Factory recondition tags on everything , 2 batteries , charger & drill .1 battery was not in working order , seller replaced promply . No chargermanual , seller sent one with repalcement battery.Drill worked fine , used it for few prodjects . Time to charge batteries , DC18RA charger turns on then when battery is put in it goes to a red & green blinking condition and shuts off . No response yet from seller andMikita service has not given a yes or no on charger .
 2 days after i got it the motor fried . i had a dewalt that lasted me 5 years and this 2 days so you do the math i would rather get a dewalt
 I have had the drill for 3 years . The batteries were defective ... Makita replaced one . Now all 3 have failed including the one Makita sent . I have a drill now I ca n't use unless I buy a $ 60 battery . I called Makita and now they say it is my fault for the way I charged the batteries .
 I bought this set to use in a kitchen replacement project . I first read all the Amazon reviews and determined that I would n't leave the batteries on the charger for longer than 30 minutes , so in my brief ownership time the batteries have been fine.PROS : Excellent torqueBattery recharge really does take 15 minutes ... . I LOVE this.LED light is a must-have once you use it.Compact size really helps with tight spaces.Kit with 2 batteries and charger is good value.CONS : No driver bit included ... . what a weird place to cut corners.The chuck became unusable -LRB- see below -RRB- . As noted above I was relying on this driver/drill for a big project . When I first started using it I thought the chuck was stiff when installing/removing a bit . Over a 2-day period of use -LRB- one full battery charge -RRB- it became unusable . Now I 'm a big guy and I 've used keyless chucks for many years without trouble , and this was a real first ... I could n't get the chuck to open . I finally resorted to holding the chuck with big Channel-lock pliers and running the driver in reverse to loosen the chuck . This ca n't be good . I 've tried oiling the inner working of the chuck , but this is just unacceptable quality control.UPDATE
 I 've owned a 12v Dewalt drill for 10 years and although it still works great running on it 's second set of battery 's , I was looking for something with a bit more power ,12 v tools seem to run out of juice on larger heavier jobs so I was looking for an 18v drill.Did some research and came up with the the Makita BDF452HW and ordered it from Amazon . First impressions great ! What a beautiful well balanced tool , fits in the hand very well , extremely light , ratcheting chuck , LED light , lots of torque for those heavy jobs , and the cherry on top is the quick charge Lithium ion batteries . I was very impressed with the whole package so I took it for a spin . By chance the first task that came to hand required some finesse , a 1/16 '' hole in a small computer connector , not the typical work for this heavy duty beast but you have to use your new toy.When I drilled the hole , the drill bit shook and the drill itself seemed to have some vibration so I did so careful testing . After testing various bits and setups I determined that the chuck was off center and was causing any drill bits to wobble , not greatly , but enough you could feel it and enough to physically bend a small bit . I had noticed a previous review mentioned chuck wobble but after assessing the large number of positive reviews I dismissed it a just bad luck , it happens . ***** Five stars to Amazon 's customer support , I returned the drill for an exact replacement , no charge and three days later I had another Makita in my hands ready to test . Sadly the second drill also suffered from the same fate , off center chuck causing the bits to wobble . I must be too critical so I compare drill holes with the Makita and my 10 year old Dewalt . I noticed two striking differences , the Dewalt was completely without any vibration , no doubt here , it was perfect . The second thing I noticed was the trigger speed control , the Dewalt was very smooth and seemed to be infinetly adjustable allowing me to very accurately control the speed , were the Makita had distinctive speed steps , not quit the control but definitely adequate . Oh yeh and the Dewalt weighted a ton compared to the Makita.In conclusion , and honestly with great regret I sent the second Makita back for a refund -LRB- ***** Stars to Amazon again ! -RRB- and ordered the Dewalt DC720KA . It works great and has all of the features of the Makita with two exceptions , weight -LRB- its a heavy weight @ 4.8 lbs but still very compact -RRB- and battery technology , still using NiCad battery 's , rather than Lithium Ion.The Makita is a great product if you can get lucky enough to get one that is put together well , sadly I had two in a row bad . Since the chuck is a little off center , this indicates poor manufacturing tolerances . This may have been a bad batch from a failed CNC machine , or it may be indicative of a more general problem , poor manufacturing practices that ultimately translate into poor quality and usually along with that a poor repair history , and a short product life . Only time will tell if this is a freak batch or indicative of a bigger issue .
 I really liked certain aspects of the drill , but unfortunately was still forced to return it and get something else.I 'll start with the good stuff . First off , the weight and feel was perfect , exactly what I was looking for . I 'm a sculptor , so I need something light and compact when I am working all around a piece , sometimes in hard to reach , uncomfortable positions . The LED light is good in that it stays on for a little while after it is pushed . More manufacturers should add this feature . It does n't center exactly on the bit tip , but the way it 's positioned under the chuck , like all the drills I 've seen , I do n't think it will ever be perfect . The power is fantastic and it 's the only compact I 've seen with 450lbs of torque . I doubt I will ever need that much , since I 'm not drilling or screwing into concrete or anything like that , but it could be useful for some people . The charger is the fastest I 've seen at 15 minutes . I timed it and it really does charge in or under 15 minutes.Now I have to talk about the reason I returned it for something else and few other negatives . I bought it at Home Depot , I like to get a feel for tools I buy and they had a power tools sale going on at the time . So I picked one of these up and tested it at home for about a day . I noticed instantly that there was some vibration I was n't used to in drill . When I looked at the chuck I noticed it was wobbling a bit . I put a 1 1/4 '' spade bit in as I was drilling holes at the time . I spun it and looked at the tip of the bit , man this thing was wobbling all over the place . By my calculations it had a 1/8 '' wobble . That might not sound like much , but try to drill a big hole in plastic or a small hole through metal and see what happens . I decided to try and drill a hole out with the spade bit since I had it on anyway . I used a scrap piece of hard plastic as that was the material I was working with presently . Now I knew the bit was ok as I had drilled out some nice clean holes in some other plastic using my old corded Ryobi drill . After trying it out with various speeds and settings , the results were uneven holes , some larger than they should be and chipped edges . The drill was shaking and vibrating like you would n't believe too . So I take it back and get another one . After I get it home I test it out and guess what , same results . I even try to drill a small 1/16 '' hole through some sheet metal . After it flew across the metal for a minute it finally caught and started going in . Man , this bit was shaking back and forth , the whole drill shaking like crazy . I was afraid the bit was going to break off and fly into my eye . So back to Home Depot I go . This time I show the hardware guy and see what he has to say . Maybe I 've just gone crazy and am being overly critical . He pops in a spade bit and even he can see the wobble and knows this is n't right . I tell him this my second one , so we take a new one off the shelf and open it up . He pops the spade bit in that one and guess what , same wobble . We decide to test out the comparable Milwaukee compact lithium drill to see if this is just something all the cordless compact drills share . He pops the spade bit into the Milwaukee pulls the trigger and no wobble , smooth as butter . He says maybe they got a bad pallet and could check to see if there was a new skid of the Makitas in the back . I decided to not take anymore chances and swapped out for the Milwaukee.My reasoning is this is a Makita , not a Skil . It 's supposed to be a quality product from a quality manufacturer , I should not have to go through 3 different ones to get a good one . I suppose this may be the world we live in now that everything is made in China , but I think I took more than enough chances on this drill.Also Makita , do n't be so cheap to not add a bit holder and belt clip , come on now.This may be an isolated incident and I do n't want to badmouth a good tool , but I can only comment on my experience . To all the people that are happy with the Makita , I 'm glad . To anyone looking to buy one , I suggest you test it out in the store first to make sure there are n't any problems like I had.On a side note , I did n't have the drill long enough to experience the battery problems some people have had . I do n't know if that problem has been fixed or not . The batteries seemed good for the time I used it .
 I have just returned my 3rd unit . There is a problem with the charger killing batteries that are left on it for extended periods of time . Even though the owners manual states you can leave batteries on the charger and the charger should `` maintain '' the battery . Once the batteries die you can not bring them back to life.Owners report this is a very common problem with this drill.My new drill is the Milwaukee 18v Li-Ion . Same price , does not kill batteries , and has a handy LED battery level gauge on the battery.Skip this drill and buy the Milwaukee for the same price . Plus the red Milwaukee does not show dirt and grim like the white Mikita .
 After six months of use both 1.5 ah batteries have died -LRB- one of them after 3 months -RRB- and will no longer charge . I purchased one 3.0 ah battery -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- and am satisfied with it . The size and features of the drill are great . I purchased separately the bit holders , it would have been nice if they were included . Amazon offered me 30 % of the purchase price as a refund for the whole package , obviously not worth it . I guess I will contact Makita and see if they will do anything for me . Batteries should last longer than this .
 One of the two batteries stopped accepting charges within six months of purchase . I 'd probably used that battery 8-10 times for 10 or 15 minutes . I never got around to looking up where/when I 'd purchased it , and now it 's too late . Otherwise I love the drill , but it 's a bit of a hassle to operate efficiently with just one battery .
 I bought this drill about eight months ago . I was looking for a more compact , light weight drill for cabinetry work . Initially I was pleased with the drill , it is light , compact , and ergonomic . The problem is about 30 % to 40 % of the time the battery will be dead when it is left in the charger . The green light will be on indicating that it is completely charge , but it is not . It seems to be getting progressively worse . I 'm not a novice , and I know proper battery maintenance protocol . I 've owned Dewalts , Panasonics and Milwaukees and have never had this problem . In checking the reviews I see that others have this same problem , and apparently Makita batteries are often troublesome . I 'll keep using it despite this flaw , but I 'll never buy another MakitaPOS again . Why play Russian roulette with your money and hope you get one that is reliable , there are plenty of good quality tools to choose from , By the way , 10 minutes ago I bought a Bosch cordless drill and grinder .
 The batteries for this drill wear out really really quickly and are expensive . I have gone through five batteries in less than 4 years and now need another . I like the drill , but it is just too expensive to own if batteries are like ink cartridges and you have to replace them every time you run a print job . So I am about to buy a different drill and not buy any more batteries .
 Fully charged , it will drain the power out of the battery drilling one 3 '' hole with a hole bit through thin flimsy vinyl siding and thin 1/2 '' osb ; then it 's worthless . THe charger will often blink saying defective battery also . Just read the reviews for the batteries for these things ! Needles to say I am returning the lemon . I also purchased the little in line 7.2 volt li-ion impact driver from makita and it is great , thank God .
 We have a Newport brass kitchen set in our house that is only 4 years old and the spray head is leaking . Absent the original invoice for the faucet set the company will not stand behind their product . Needless to say their 10 year guarantee is worthless . Considering the premium price they charge for their products , their customer support is horrific . Avoid like the plague .
 This company has to be the worst!I have over $ 6,000 of fittings in my bathroom . Fittings are less than 3 years old . needed to replace shower cartridge $ 250 and a plastic diverter in the tub faucet sheared , the part could not be worth more than $ 10 , the customer service rep gave me the part number and told me to find a local dealer . The dealer had the part but it was the wrong part . Called customer service again and explained it was not the $ 60 spindle I was looking for it was the small plastic diverter that the spindle turns ... the rep told me that part is not available and I should buy a complete new faucet -LRB- $ 1,300 -RRB- . I asked about warranty and was told if I do n't have original receipt -LRB- I do n't -RRB- to buy a complete new set . I wrote to the company ... no reply . I addressed a note to the president of the company ... no reply.Over priced poorly engineered , and company not at all interested in customers . NEVER deal with Newport Brass .
 We bought this product as part of a full set of Danze Sonora fixtures for a bathroom . The other fixtures all look and work great , this one only lasted a year before the lever that switches the water from tub to shower broke off . Now we have to replace this one , and it wo n't be with the same model .
 These staples are not the long length like most staples . It takes 3 to fill my gun and I loose quite a few because when it hits the next group it always jams .
 I 'm reupholstering a couple of chairs . . having pulled out staples to get the old upholstery off I 've now had plenty of experience with staple strength . These surebonder staples are impossible to pull out if you 've tacked a bit of fabric on or need to adjust fabric later . Every staple snaps in two or sometimes three pieces . This means that I have to lift off the fabric from the short spikes that are left and then hammer the spikes down so they wo n't rip my fingers or poke through the finished product . Especially important around front of arms . This means extra effort = extra time . Would not order again.Revision
 The Amazon organization is hard to deal with and stupid . This is a hard combination to overcome . I bought the staple gun and the staples as a package . The staples do not fit the gun . I returned both as instructed . I recieved the same gun and wrong size staples again . I tried to explain the problem but the customer service organization would just send me what were clearly form communications . I finally set the staples back , kept the gun and bought staples that fit in Home Depot .
 This cabinet was a big disappointment to us . It looked good at first glance , but then we noticed the not-quite-flush seams and the various scrapes , dits , and dings on the surface . Claimed to hold 200 + lb per shelf , but shelves looked bowed after about 15 reams of copy paper . Doors stuck together and were difficult to open and close . We had it for less than a day before knowing that it had to go . It cost much less than the brand we ended up getting , but the frustration was simply not worth the added frustration .
 Four padlocks , keyed the same , with four keys ? Sounds great - but only three of the padlocks worked with the keys , one did not , and I could n't send it back because we needed those padlocks immediately . I can not recommend - obviously they have a problem with quality control . So we are still short one padlock - actually , five padlocks , if these worked for us I was going to get another set - not now . Disappointed , truly disappointed .
 We have tried several plastic sprayers , and they always break after a couple months due to all of the plastic parts . We thought this would be a good solution , even though we could have purchased several plastic ones for the price . At first , it worked well . It had a good spray pattern , and descent pressure . However , after about 10 refills , it started losing pressure at the top seal where it screws together . Fortunately , we bought a rebuild kit after learning our lesson the hard way with other sprayers . Unfortunately , the gasket they sent with the rebuild kit was the wrong thickness for this sprayer . It turns out the metal that screwed together was bending every time it was filled up . Shortly after that , the gasket in the pump that creates pressure failed , so we used the one out of the rebuild kit -LRB- this one was actually the correct size -RRB- . Two fills later , that one went out , too . We have since thrown the unit away and went back to plastic ones . Very costly lesson learned .
 First when the product came in I had to file all around the tank welds because they had very sharp needle like pieces on the welded metal seams . That should have been a warning of no quality control . I purchased this in Oct 2010 . This week April 2011 after about 10 uses with Round up started leaking not from the tank seal but from the pump . Do n't think because it is stainless steel tank you are getting a quality item . The best thing is the wand , the rest is garbage .
 From the info on the website , I believed that this was exactly what I needed . However , I need a bag with the hole in the bottom , not the side . I have tried to modify it but it 's less than wonderful.Please let me know how I can identify the model of my machine and find the correct bag for it.Thank you for this opportunity . JoLana Pinon
 I really had high hopes for the Claber line of products based on what I 've read from other reviewers . I have no qualms with their spray nozzle . But I have a major complaint with their quick connect valve assemblies . The water stop mechanism works so well that even when I connect the spray nozzle onto these quick connect valve no water comes out of the spray . Tried as hard as I might I can not get this thing to work ! I took out the inner valve to figure out what went wrong ... now I ca n't seem to put the mechanism back again . I called their company and the best they could do was try to sent me a replacement quick connect . Well it took several calls and more than a month later quick connect came in the mail ... . but it was n't the right one ! I give up ! No more Claber products for me : -LRB-
 I only buy 3/4 '' hoses because I 'm on well water . My pressure is fairly high for a well -- 50 - 65 lbs -- as I added a 100 gal tank and cranked up the switch . The Claber quick-connects are only about 5/16 '' ID . That is less than half the diameter and 3/16 the cross-sectional area of a 3/4 '' hose.When you put that restrictor in the line , you will seriously reduce the flow rate . If you have high pressure and a small nozzel on the end it wo n't matter , but if you need to push a lot of water , better stay away from these flow-restrictor connectors .
 I tried this unit . I broke after about a weeks watering and off/on connects.If you need a quick connect/disconnect fitting , use the Nelson 50336 Brass Hose Quick Connectors Set , Male and Female . These are the units to get . About $ 1 more but solid brass , not the cheap plastic knock-off ` look alike ' you might have seen . These really last . I use them at home and on my RV for connecting the water supply . Totally leak proof.Update - December 2009The Nelson 50336 Brass Hose Quick Connectors Set , Male and Female all brass units get all stars . I have used them for years and have never had an issue/problem with any of them . I also use them on my RV water connection . I leave the male end always connected to the RV water line input connection . I leave the female connected to the water hose I use to connect to the RV park water faucet . To protect the RV male connection when not in use , I adapted an extra Nelson Brass Hose ` female ' Quick Connector end with a cap screwed into it to keep the connection clean . Zero leaking connections and this makes it far easier hook-up to the RV park water.I tried cheaper units and some of the plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- rubber -LRB- ? -RRB- units . Garbage . These are 100 % quality and you can not beat the price .
 The fabric was much thinner than I expected for a `` 20 year '' fabric . I 'll let you know in 20 years whether it lasted or not , but I have my doubts . I plan to purchase something locally in the spring to finish up the project rather than ordering another roll .
 In the name of the item and at the bottom of the listing it says that it 's energy star certified but in the middle when it lists the technical specs . it says that it is NOT energy star certified.So which is it ? False labeling ? Certified or not ?
 This review in not for the Leatherman multi-tool because I had one , and now , I was trying to by other one . This `` one star '' is for the seller . I never received my stuff . After a week to buy the multi-tool , I sent an email to seller asking about shipping details , and they answered saying something like `` We lost the shipping details but warehouse is looking for the details '' ... ummm ! I claimed this order , and I received my money back !
 I bought this Tool about 1 year ago and used it only 10 times . It already broke , I ca n't change gears anymore.Now I have to deal with the warranty what is long enough but I would never buy that tool again . I got most of the other LXT series and I am very happy with them . The hammer drill is great . The other impacts drills are great , too . The saws and grinder are great as well.But do n't , do n't , do n't waste your money for the hybrid drill , you will have a hard time finding all the bits you need for drilling in concrete , the only way is with special adapter chucks and than you are right back with a normal drill.It really does n't work as good as advertised.But I give 5 Stars to the rest of the Series LXT . I am a big fan of Makita battery tools .
 Sadly , this tool flat does n't work . I have used mine a few dozen times . After it died , I sent it into Makita . They quickly repaired it and returned it , free of charge . It now works , but the 4-in-1 gears never meshed right , and I can tell -LRB- audible que -RRB- that the repaired tool is no better.Basically tools in this price/voltage range have high expectations . I would like to push this tool hard and have confidence in it , but find myself babying it . Really all I trust it to do , I can do with my 12V tiny hand-held drills and drivers.It would be great to be able to carry only one driver around to do all these things . We 're not there , yet . There 's a reason no other manufacturer has one of these on the market , the other manufacturers have the composure not to release something that ca n't perform to expectations .
 Like an all weather tire , this expensive tool tries to do too much and comes short on all four . It literally rattled itself apart . It may be good if you want to do a few masonry holes rarely , but then you have to buy hex bit masonry bits . That , or do what I did and put a chuck on the end . This drill does n't like that and I think the imbalance is what rattled it apart.Then I dropped it a few times and the drill broke at the handle . I am going to get the impact driver , tool only and I will probably be as happy with that as all the other LXT products I own . I think Makita over-reached on this one .
 There 's absolutely nothing wrong with this pull . It is very nice and the quality is what you would expect from Amerock . But ... if you buy from Woodworkers Hardware through Amazon , you will get a ton of spam from them -LRB- WWH -RRB- annoucing evry little special they have . In fact , they send each email to you twice.And though there is a link on every page to opt out of the spam , it is useless . You click on it and indicate your email address and your request to opt out , but the emails continue . I 've opted out of every email for 6 months and they still keep coming.Your best bet is to order by phone and do not give them your email address !
 The hose is servicable but not nearly the same as the hose from Broan/Nutone . It is made from hard plastic and is similar to a swimming pool vacuum hose . It does work however . -LRB- Try to utilize the hose end fittings from your old hose . -RRB-
 In the name of the item and at the bottom of the listing it says that it 's energy star certified but in the middle when it lists the technical specs . it says that it is NOT energy star certified.So which is it ? False labeling ? Certified or not ?
 I have the other Makita lxt tools and bought this light since so many batteries are nearby and available . This light belongs at ` Dollar General ' . Clumsy design . Switch button difficult to operate , cycles thru on/on/off and is easily left on when you come in from the dark . The flourescent mode burns the same hours as the BML185 zenon but is not nearly as bright . It 's a ` flood ' as opposed to the ` spot ' of the 185 and a cooler light temperature . Flimsy construction . A strap bracket is molded at the top of the grip and chafes the soft part of your hand at the base of the thumb . I wear XL gloves so perhaps my hands are too large , I dunno . The lxt tools are great , I have 3 drills , etc. . But this flourscent light should sell somewhere for about $ 4.99 ... . without the Makita name .
 I purchased this flashlight two years ago , and it has served me well , but recently the fluorescent bulb burned out , making the light useless to me . I went to Home Depot to replace the bulb , and after three different trips and three different bulbs I finally called Makita . As it turns out , Makita used a specific bulb you can only purchase through them at a hugely inflated price , plus shipping , plus the time spent waiting for the part , and plus the aggravation I went through to discover the fact in the first place.While I like that the light is rechargeable and fits in nicely with the rest of the Makita tools that I own , I am disappointed in the customer service that I received , and I am very disappointed that Makita chose to use a proprietary technology on a wear item and that that item is hugely overpriced and hard to get .
 This product arrived with the box brad nail box torn open and the contents spilled within the box . The box appeared to not be new . I should have listened to the other reviews that had the same experience . The brads themselves are fine and work appropriately . Given the price was not a significant discount from the home store , I would shop elsewhere when making this purchase in the future .
 I obviously got a box of brads that somebody else had returned , the box was taped back up somewhat amateurishly . I think the brads are all there but not sure.If I have to , I 'll pay more to purchase from somewhere else next time so I can make sure I get what I pay for .
 received nails in box which was broken , so racks of nails , about 50 % of them were in pieces
 The seller said it was in stock , but did n't ship it for 2 weeks . I needed it right away and paid for expedited shipping . Took about 2 months for Amazon to refund my money .
 The selling point in having a brass-bodied lock and stainless or chromed shackle is resistance to moisture and weather ... at least that 's the insinuation . Unfortunately for this series of Master locks , it could n't be further from the truth , at least here in rainy , soggy Seattle . Having an impervious exterior is well and good , but Master , you forgot about the INTERIOR mechanisms.My brass-bodied lock lasted a little over a year outdoors before the innards finally succumbed to `` tin worm '' -LRB- aka rust -RRB- , which made its ability to turn the key/keyhole nearly impossible to do , and snapping close the shackle an exercise in bitter frustration . Shooting it full of oil helped , but doing so makes handling the lock a messy proposition , and a point of contention with other family members . I suppose I could soak the lock in a oil bath to break up the rust and then set it aside to drain and dry out , but then we 'd be without lock protection for that period of time , thus prompting me to buy a replacement anyways . Master sold me on this lock because the packaging implied that the lock had superior weathering capability . Apparently Master 's idea of ` superior ' is rather footloose and fancy-free in its meaning . Certainly I do n't see what they 're getting at , and it would seem that my local Home Depot store does n't either , since they 've pulled all of these brass-bodied Master locks off their shelves , perhaps acknowledging that these designs and Seattle weather are not a good mix.But at least that oh-so-moisture-resistant brass body and chromed-up shackle still looks spiffy ... well , aside from all of the rust-contaminated oil leaking out of it , that is .
 This product did not last for 15 mins . It broke during use .
 The product is plastic and did not fit the Karcher pressure washer as advertised . The hose is rated for less psi than the washer . I need to go somewhere else to find the replacement that will fit and function .
 I had to send this back to Amazon . The set screw that is required to be removed to adjust for different pressures would not come out so that the correct pressure screw could be installed . Low price , now a 2-3 month wait for a replacement -LRB- not Amazon 's problem , but the manufacturer -RRB- .
 I read all the reviews before my purchase , and still bought this set . If you own a Greenworks electric pressure washer , stay away from this unless you want to waste your money like I did . It does not fit properly and leaks like a sieve .
 With all the different nozzles enclosed , none fit my pressure washer . Mine just happens to be different , Made in Italy and the distributor seemed to have left the US market .
 Like the Powerwasher from the same company , this nozzle is among the worst products I have ever purchased . The one that came with the powerwasher broke after about an hour of use . I bought this one to replace the original , but it broke almost instantly - within 30 seconds of beginning the first use it split open . The plastic structure could not handle the water pressure . Do not buy this item !
 The nozzle split on the very first use . Do not recommend this product .
 The tip split open after about 1 hour ... total rip off . Could n't submit this without a rating so I gave it a 1 star ... actually it should be -5 stars .
 I ordered this nozzle and also a replacement gun . They sent me a hose instead of the gun . I sent it back and they promised me a replacement . They sent a hose AGAIN , but the second time , there was no prepaid shipping to return it . I called , but the call center person could not comprehend what my complaint was . In the end , I sent it all back , so now I have nothing to show except wasted time and trouble packing boxes , driving to the post office , and looking at convoluted bills trying to understand if the refunds were correct . Not a good experience .
 Do n't waste your money . The turbo nozzel did not work . It was also the reason that I purcased this kit .
 crappy brittle plastic , bought 2 of them & both broke upon 1st use . Hopefully Amazon has dropped this item ! junk !
 Bought this with the gun and hose . Both products were ok but the connectors suck . They are made out of plastic -LRB- which is ok -RRB- but the plastic ca n't take the pressure and snapped in the first five minutes . This happened with two of the connectors . Went to Lowes and bought one with mainly metal parts .
 It fit my machine fine and looked like it was going to work well , however it leaked at the joint between the nozzle and the tube . It was so bad that it sprayed back and got me wet . No amount to tightening or adjusting would make it stop.Tossed it in the trash , total waste of money
 This turbo nozzle/wand worked fine for about 1/2 hour on my Black & Decker electric power washer . It cracked and stopped working . . Returning it today .
 Made with cheap plastic and not very sturdy if using the elbow connections . Best case scenario is that it provides an extension for height .
 This universal kit was on sale , combo special discount with my gas powered pressure washer , so I got it . BUT , the ad fails to state that it is for electric power washers only - and even then , the peices are for several different models only . - So you may only have 1 or 2 peices that would fit your washer ! It 's also cheaply made and packaged , w / por instructions . Do n't waste your money !
 Only one piece of this kit fits my Karcher electric pressure washer and that is a nozzle . Having a nozzle into the trigger handle is not a very helpful thing . Very disappointed .
 Good quality and price , lots of adapters but none of them fitAR North America AR383 1,900 PSI 1.5 GPM 11 Amp Electric Pressure Washer With Hose Reel . It is advertised to fit most electric power washers ; so , for sure I thought it would fit mine since it 's so popular . Nope . Customer service rep could n't provide information on which specific brands this kit is supposed to fit , either . However , the manual that came with it did say something like
 While there were all sorts of variations for connecting to the hose there was only one option for the nozzle .
 I purchased this item specificaly for the variable fan spray nozzle which adjusts from pencil point to wide fan spray . And received one that sprays in a circular motion . Not Happy with this purchase !
 I bought this accessory kit to use with my AR112 pressure washer . The kit includes 5 adapters but none of them fit the AR112 . I had to return the kit to Amazon
 Bought the replacement gun and hose , and the attachment kit , worked fine for about 5 minutes , then started to leak profusly , at the connection between the connection at the gun , and the connection at the wand , i was soaking wet by the time i was done , cheap plastic , and seals , i do n't recomend this product !
 I used my light bulb in a normal bathroom light fixture and it lasted less than 1 year . I did n't have it on excessively and when it was on I always tried to keep it on for at least 10 minutes as I have heard that can help the life expectancy greatly.I was disappointed and unless GE or an electrician can give me some good explanation I would not buy this GE bulb again .
 Bought a pack of these GE energy smart bulbs from Walmart less than a year ago . The package says `` Lasts 5 Years '' . For a 3 pack over 20 bucks at Walmart , I was expecting one to last at least 2-3 years , well the first one blew in less than 8 months . Would not recommend these to anyone . Writing a complaint to GE .
 I bought these bulbs in the desire to `` do the right thing . '' The advertised savings in electricity costs over the lifetime of the bulb would be a bonus . BUT , the bulbs burn out with minimal use ! That makes them environmentally disastrous when you realize their toxicity and the energy costs for their remanufacture . -LRB- There is a Federal Government website which details the precautions that one has to take if the bulb breaks to minimize the toxicity effects . -RRB- But what really irks is that they are noisy , with a quite noticeable and annoying static sound even at the lowest wattage of the 12 , 23 , 29 watt bulbs . I am returning these bulbs . One expects a lot more from GE .
 I ordered three of these bulbs to save on energy and because they were touted as being long lasting . Two of the bulbs failed within the first month . I hope a different brand of these bulbs will be better because I wo n't order these again .
 I tried this bulb and was disappointed . The quality of light was good and bright , but the dimmability was poor . On a typical rotating knob dimmer switch , the bulb did not turn on at all until the knob was nearly all the way on , and then the bulb shines at full 100-watt brightness . Then you try to dim it and it will turn down to about a 75-watt bulb brightness -LRB- maybe as low as a 60 watt bulb , but still very bright -RRB- and then it turns off completely . I think most people would want a dimmable bulb to dim down to lower than a 40 watt level .
 It does n't release constant flow of gas to keep the flame going . I had to bang it on the table to make it work and even after the flame started , I had to keep it at a certain angle to keep the gas coming out . Basically a waste of money .
 I purchased 4 of these lights in Aug 2011 . They all had very low usage and as of Jan 2013 all have since failed . Spend a little more and purchase a good quality flashlight .
 This flashlight was DOA . I thought the supplied batteries might have been dead but eventually determined it was a faulty battery cage . I used the cage from a similar flashlight with other issues and it is now working . I tested that battery cage in several other flashlights with no success . These are cheap lights that are finicky but sometimes you get a good one that lasts and works well . I like them for their compact size , brightness and battery life . Automotive stores and places like home depot have these for cheaper sometimes and i buy several at a time for many locations like cellar , garage , toolbox , office and glovebox .
 I do n't have any complaints about the look and feel of this torch . Its far better than any available in my country at the moment . The light is superb - more than you could expect from a torch its size . However - and that 's a However with a capital H - there is something wrong with the switch . Every now and then the light starts flickering and you have to bang the torch against some surface repeatedly to get it to work . That 's really frustrating and embarrassing if you have company . If the company fixes this flaw-and I guess it has to do with the circuitry inside - the torch will get a 5 star rating from most reviewers , I believe . So I would say , for now , Do n't Buy unless the company fixes the problem stated above .
 An OK little light . 4 stars is relative to price , if you want a real flashlight you will have to pay 15 bucks or more.Very bright , simple , small , flimsy , and worth the $ 4.13 i paid , and it came with batteries.I did notice some mild `` flickering '' . But realized it is caused from the LEDs seem to be mounted very loosly to the flashlight -LRB- almost like they are attached to springs -RRB- so that any small movement/shaking of the flashlight is amplified by the LEDs that shake . -LRB- kind of what you would expect for 4 bucks delivered with batteries -RRB- . UPDATEChanged my review to a 2 . flashlight broke , but not until after one camping trip and the NYC blackout . Seems the loose connections in LEDS were far worse than i thought .
 I ordered two of these in different colors . One of them works great but the other does not work so I can not give it any more than one star . I will have to go through the hassle of returning it now . I made sure the batteries were in correctly and that the assembly was correctly installed . I also tried my own batteries and still no success .
 Do not buy this product . It is impossible to align the battery cradle that fits inside the flashlight for a stable electrical connection . As you tighten the flashlight 's end cap to hold the battery cradle in place , it rotates the cradle , breaking the connection to the internal contact , and turning the light off . Absolutely ridiculous . One star for cute though useless .
 Maybe i got a defective unit but after about a year the light stopped staying on constantly . I have to tap it 's head until the light comes on , but of course since I have to tap it often it typically taps itself right back off . After 3 years its relegated to last ditch emergency -LRB- or laziness -RRB- use , I moan and groan and pull it out and soon as I 'm done with it throw it in the desk drawer as far back as I can and hope I 'll not be so lazy and get up to grab myFenix 6 Level High Performance Cree LED Flashlight , Black , 4-Inch
 We bought 2 and used them for one weekend , then tried to use them 1 year later and discovered that both were dead . The batteries were fine , almost full charge on a meter . Looked at the battery contacts and found them rusted . They had not been wet , so poor choice of metal .
 I ordered one of these and it worked great . It was bright and small and inexpensive . So I ordered 4 more . Well they all work when they feel like it now . It 's as if the battery pack is losing contact constantly . Also , the push button has fallen off of at least three of them ... which was particularly dangerous since my toddler was playing with it when it happened . Save your money buy a better one .
 This died on me after four months of extremely light use . Batteries test fine , my guess is it 's the on-off switch . As inexpensive as it is , it 's not worth anything if it does n't light up ...
 I looked everywhere for the size of the product . I thought it said 7 inches . When it arrived I was very surprised at this tiny useless item . After reading a review that quoted the warning on the product . I 'm more upset that Amazon would sell something that could harm people .
 Stored this in my glovebox for emergencies . Took it out after being in there a couple months and the clear lens holding the LEDs had simply popped off , making the LED portion fall out and rendered the flashlight useless . Going to have to try to glue LED part back in and simply do without the lens .
 I had ordered 3 of these for a camping trip and found them to be great . However , after ordering 20 to give out for my child 's birthday party , we read the package warning on the back.Here is it exactly : WARNING : Always wear ANSI approved safety goggles when using this product . Before using this product , the user should read the operating instructions to understand everything about this product . Normal everyday use of this product is likely to expose the user to dust and microscopic particles containing lead and other chemicals known to cause cancer , birth defects and other reproductive harm . Always wear the appropriate clothing and safety equipment when operating this product . Wash hand thoroughly after the use and handling of this product.That last line is what really made our decision . When was the last time you had to think about wearing safety goggles and washing your hands after using a flashlight ?
 I bought 3 of them and all of the flashlights have fallen apart from riding around in my car . One of the them the front plastic fell out and so did the bulbs . The other two you have to screw the back off a little bit to get them to light up at all . I would rather stick with my mag lite .
 At first I thought it was a great light , very bright , and well made . Until a day or two after having it , it starting switching itself off and shining in and out - instead of having a steady beam of light .
 These lights have inter power delivery issues . I have three of these lights and every one of them goes dim , flickers constantly . You can try and shake it and bang it to make it work right to seldom avail .
 I purchased two of these flashlights for my young children . I was looking for a LED flashlight that had a push button on/off switch and did n't easily open . These flashlights were exactly what I was looking for , however , one of them broke almost immediately and the other only works if you shake it . Now I only have one flashlight that sometimes works and my children fight over who gets it . I wish I never bought them .
 I bought these for relative 's kids . They liked it . It was good deal . Totally i bought 10 of Black and Blue . Blue is better looking than Black.But this product is just made in China quality . It does n't last long ! Just for one time use.in this build quality , $ 2-3 is proper deal .
 Bought two . One worked fine -- nice size and weight , reasonably bright light . No beam focus , though . The other never worked at all . Swapping out parts revealed a bad battery pack . It was n't worth returning .
 Do n't buy ... got the flashlight in the mail and it did n't work . Had a friend look at it and said that it was missing a part inside which is why it did n't work . Good grief , what ever happened to quality control ????
 I bought four of these flashlights . Within the first three days of using them , two have stopped working . The innards that hold the batteries are very poorly made , and so the contacts stop working and you have to shake or bump the flashlight to get it to work . After a while even the shaking and bumping ceases to produce results . That 's a 50 percent failure rate for this product . Roll the dice if you 're feeling lucky ...
 This product is a dud . I bought 2 of them , and neither one worked beyond the first few minutes . Replaced batteries , and the object simply does not work . Unfortunately , the product cost more to return than to throw out , so I am stuck with it but would NOT buy this piece of junk .
 After a couple of weeks it does not stay on . When it worked the lights were very bright . Only reason I give it 2 stars is because it worked for 2 weeks and it was cheap .
 This item is a real piece of C % $ P. . . Well you know . It 's a bad product . I bought three of them and the first thing was the little black strap was not on it . I tried to attach it . Forget it . Not worth the trouble . Next , I went to put one in the kitchen and it fell apart . I mean I did n't even drop it , it just sprang apart . The front popped right off . I 've seen this same item in the local store for $ 1.99 Come on now ! For the price I paid I could have gotten one OK flashlight . Now I own three really cheap ones . I would put a few drops of supper glue on the front lens edges to keep it in place . That is most likely where others are getting the flickering from , and was the reason it fell apart . The front lens popped right out . I would worn others to stay clear of this item . You could do MUCH better !!!
 No amount of tweaking , re-setting the batteries , re-adjusting the battery cap could breath the life into this thing . It arrived in a sealed package ... totally dead.It was only $ 5 , but they could be better spent on lunch . My advice - keep looking , if you do n't want to become a statistic ...
 As a prior reviewer noted , there is a grim warning on the package . It also refers to operating instructions which are NOT included.I contacted Amazon customer service , who disavowed any knowledge of or responsibility for the item and referred me to the vendor -LRB- eToolsCity -RRB- . Quote from customer service
 Flashlight switches between bright and not so bright on it 's own . Give it a whack and it restores the connection . It has not been used hard . Strictly indoors on a desk.What is amazing is how LITTLE light all those led 's manage to give off . I 've got a , admittedly pricier , flashlight with one led that gives a couple of orders of magnitude more light than this Neiko . It 's just absurd when the descrption talks about the `` flood of light ' that this thing supposedly gives off .
 Bought this in December . Stopped working in March . But I guess it was only a couple dollars so what could I really expect ? Still ended up being a waste of money .
 does n't work . we tried it out on christmas day & it did n't work . fun . i just thought it would be a cute little flashlight for my son ...
 Having purchased just one of these , I ca n't pretend my experience is representative , so for what it 's worth -- a handy , colorful , bright light while it works . After a week , mine started oscillating
 I just received this in the mail . The button broke on it the first time I used it . The light is bright , but the housing is cheap . I would not trust it to be durable . If you want a throw away flashlight , then get it . If you need a serious EDC light then skip this , for I would not wish this on my worst enemy .
 I bought this flashlight in January 2012 and used it only one or two times . It has n't worked since then . I thought maybe it was just the batteries so I tried replacing them . It still did n't work . Then I saw a review online that said it contained lead , and to wash your hands and wear safety goggles when using the flashlight . That was enough for me . I tossed it into the trash where it belongs . You 're better off paying a little more for a better made , higher quality LED flashlight . I bought it to use during an emergency in a storm , but I never even got the chance to . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this product . I certainly wo n't be making that mistake again .
 Stopped working after minimal usage - for a few moments maybe 6 times within the first month . Replaced batteries - worked once or twice , then out again . Perhaps the on/off mechanism is flawed . Also , not as durable as similar flashlights at a lower price . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I bought a few of these figuring they were cheap , what the heck . Well a little over a year later and 2 of the 3 I purchased are broken . These are cheaply made and should be considered disposable . For $ 20 I bought a 3 pack of Cree LED minilights from Costco that are MUCH better made than these .
 I bought it for my Wife , as she leaves work at night , and she has to tighten it or bang it , each time , just to make it work , Sometimes it does n't , reguardless and it 's only 5 days old ... . I should have got a Brinkman or Maglite for her instead . As soon as she says enough of this pice of junk , I will !!!
 this is junk . i dropped it once and it does n't work anymore . i did n't even get to use it for 10 minutes .
 These really are as bright as everyone is saying , and they are great for about a month or so . And then the cage inside does n't work properly , the flashlight is finished . Bought six , only one left working , quite sure it will be failing soon . Too bad really , as they are great out of the box - but they might as well be marketed as disposable flashlights given how poorly they hold up . Look elsewhere , I will be ...
 I tested this product when I received it and it worked just fine . Not a good gift bag filler , however , as it is still in the gift bag it was given in .
 Something must be disconnected because the light worked for about 2 days and then just stopped . I replaced the batteries and nothing . At first I could shake it a bit and it would come back on , but then after a few times it would never some on again . O well , I 'm out $ 4 , so no biggie , I guess .
 I read the reviews saying that the contacts were n't good and caused the light to be unreliable , but figured I could use some of the workarounds outlined in a number of the other reviews.Well , they are all right . This flashlight clicked on once , then went off on its own . Yes , you can get it to work occasionally by smacking your hand against it or sanding the contacts , but not frequently enough that I would want to rely on it . I could not get it to work for more than a minute . Waste of money , but at least it was n't much money .
 First did not work at all , and the second has a broken seal . They both have warnings on them to wash hands after use due to lead contamination ... so much for giving them to the kids !
 I anxiously waited for this little guy to come in the mail . When I opened up the package , it was all scratched up and had a pretty decent sized dent in it . This had to be pre-packaging/shipping because it was wrapped in bubble wrap and didnt appear to have any of the bubbles popped ... I was disappointed ... as for the light itsself , the beam is pretty bright up close , but does not have a long range of brightness , but I 'm not surprised givin its size and price . If it didnt come damaged I would have given it 4 stars
 It is taking a long time to ship , two weeks estimate . There is no phone number by which to call etoolscity to make order inquiries , only email . If you want these flashlights in a timely fashion , you might want to order from a company that has customer service with phone numbers . Everything else I ordered on the same day from Amazon 's smaller partners and other sites has already arrived .
 I had misgivings as soon as I removed this flashlight from it 's packaging . It has a thin gauge aluminum case that could easily be dented or torn . When I first powered up this flashlight , I was impressed by the diffused bright light . It lit up close by objects , but offered no illumination for objects more than 10 feet away.My biggest complaint is the reliability . I dropped it once . It stopped working . I am pretty handy with my hands , but I was unable to get the flashlight to light up again .
 The one that works is nice . It is compact , but still a pretty good light . Plus the battery life seemed fine . However , the fact that the other one would not stay on and is always blinking off makes it so that I can not recommend this product .
 Bought three of these and only one still works like it should . Spend a few bucks more and get a dependable light . Do n't rely on this one when you need it , it may or may not work .
 Light flickers , when working . Kept one in my car . Never seems to work when I need it . Kept another in my house , again never seems to work when i need it . Batteries drain quickly , apparently because it 's easy to turn on by simply being bumped around . Also , cover has to be screwed on in just the right position or it wo n't work .
 The flashlight arrived nonfunctional . Tried with batteries that came in package , with other -LRB- new -RRB- batteries , but would not switch on . Sent back for a refund .
 Two days after I enthusiastically purchased this light , it started working only intermittently . Evidently there is some type of problem with a contact somewhere because it only lights part of the time . About 50 % of the time it wo n't light when turned on - it must be banged against something -LRB- usually my hand -RRB- in on order for it to light and then it will go out from time to time if not held steady . Cheap ? yes . Reliable ? No way .
 My light also works intermitingly . . pushing on the lens or tapping it works but then goes out again . Its poor contact of the battery pack and the circuit board as others stated . I pulled the spring on the tail cap out to put more pressure on the battery holder . . This works for a while but the spring eventually looses strength . When it works its great but even at the cheap price I expect it to just turn on . . I am sending it back for replacement but have a feeling the new one will be the same way . . If it is I will just get creative and figure out a way to get it working ... I saw a post somewhere where a person soldered a little washer in place and it fixed the problem . This flashlight has the potential to be a 5 but based on my experience and the fact that many others experienced the same problem . . there is a design flaw that some of us will experience ... I give it a two .
 I bought one of these for camping and general use . It has a very poor build quality and I often need to shake it to get it to work . This flashlight is absolutely unreliable and the amount of light it puts out is extremely dim . I was n't expecting much for the price , but I at least expected it to work . If you 're considering this light versus a slightly more expensive and perhaps US made light -LRB- mag -RRB- , do yourself a favor and spend the extra money . You wo n't be fumbling around in the dark cursing the horrible engineering that went into building this terrible device .
 Do n't waste your money and your time . All the negative reviews on this piece of disater are true ! Yes , there are 9 LED lights , but at any random second , there would be a random number of lights lit up , from 0 to 9 ! Obviously some connection and quality problems . So if you are thinking about taking it to a rave party , great idea ! Other than that , please , your money deserves something better !
 I think the item would be great if the top of my flashlight did not come loose . There is nothing to hold the top lens and led light assembly . This is a big oversight in the product design . That is why everyone is complaining about the item working intermittenly . My item arrived without batteries , and one of the battery spring -LRB- internal -RRB- was defective and not fixable . The light was extreemly strong and the product seemed promising but it only lasted a couple of minutes .
 This is again a cheap material , from China -LRB- obviously -RRB- . The light beam is dull . The battery assembly inside is loose and not fitting well , so the light goes off & on its own . The beam is scattered . You will expect to see everything you do n't want it on a good flash light .9 LED or 12 LED ... does n't matter , it is not good . I would recommend to shop around for a good 3W / 5W LED light rather than this one . .
 I was very unimpressed by the durability of this flashlight . I turned it on once and it was fairly bright but as I was trying to clip it to my key chain , I dropped it on a hard , carpeted surface and it broke , failing to turn on afterwards . It was cheap but I 'm still disappointed .
 I figured I would give it a try for the price . My mistake , it stopped working after the third time I turned it on . Had it less than 6 hours . Save your money .
 After trying to make it work with disassembling it , sandidng contact surfaces , checking all the contacts and everything else - still does not work . In best case it just blinks when you hit it and can last for a few seconds . Lost money .
 Nice , but will not stay on , it flashes the LEDs when you shake it , I suppose it has a small short circuit . For the price its not even worth the hassle of returning it .
 Cons
 Had flashlight for 2 weeks and dropped it in the snow . Now it only works once in a while ... if you shake it !!!
 I found that it was cheaper to trow it out and buy a different one then to keep pouring money into batteries for this thing . Worked fine for about 3 days . I decided to pay a little more for a different flashlight , so far , so good . Then it started to go dim every now and then . Then it would go off completely . I could tap it back on and get it to work , but eventually it just stopped working altogether .
 When I first got this little flashlight I thought it was great . Then in less than a month , with low usage , started to turn itself off repeatedly . Now is more like a portable strobe light . Buy something else . . I know I have to ...
 This item was so poorly made , it only worked for me one time . Do n't buy this product , unless you are enjoy throwing money away .
 This flashlight is absolute garbage ! I had purchased it several months ago for a cheap led flashlight to keep in my car for emergencies or to use at night while looking around the car . After a few months of sitting in my center console compartment , I took it out one day and the plastic lens had warped and fallen out from the pressure of the bulb and battery compartment behind it . So I had to dig out the several pieces of the falshlight out of the console and throw it all away . Stay away from this cheap flashlight , I have a Smith & Wesson Galaxy 9 LED flashlight that I bought on Amazon for $ 11 and keep in my bedroom and it 's outstanding !
 Threads on end cap were marred preveventing allignmnet of cap - unable to screw the cap on so product useless at this time . Would like to be offerred a replacemnet for free ... we 'll see .
 There was a bad connection that prevented the light from turning on , right out of the box . I attempted to take it apart to fix the connection but as you 'd expect for a $ 5 light , the components were cheap and not worth the effort .
 I got this flashflight to leave in my car in the case of an emergency . I liked it because it was small and relatively cheap . Well I left in the car for about a month , until one day when i actually needed to use it , and it didnt work.Turns out that the batteries that came with the flashflight exploded inside the flash light and leaked acid everywhere , ruing the flashlight . This may be my fault for not using better name brand batteries , but i 've never had this happen with any other batteries that come with a cheap product before.When the flashlight did work , I would only rate it as a 3 star flashlight . It feels very cheap as if it 's not made of anything other than plastic , and it was n't nearly as bright as I would have hoped . I would recommend spending a few dollars more on a nice flashlight and forgo the headache of this one not working when you need it to .
 thats the moral of the story . a cheap price for a cheap product . I should have known . the battery cartridge is so small , you have to be careful when you put in the batteries on one side that they dont puch the batteries out on the opposite side . and , once you get that balancing act down , be sure not to shake the flashlight or the batteries will come loose again ... what a piece of junk - this is going back today !
 I was ready to send the flashlight back because it was n't really a bright light . I checked the batteries and found they were dead . I changed the batteries and it does shine a bright light . But , it does n't totally shut off . I have to unscrew the back of the flash light and store it like that so the batteries do n't run out before I need it again . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This flashlight died shortly after arrival . It was not worth trying to return it.Costco has a great 3-light package of small , black LED flashlights that I purchased after tossing this one .
 I only bought this light to bring my order total up , in order get free shipping status . It is very lightweight and cheap . After installing the batteries , I had to shake and bump the light to get it to work , in fact I have to repeat the procedure each time that I attempt to use it . This light is not reliable and is not even worth the small price that I paid for it . This product illustrates the old adage , `` you get what you pay for '' . Do yourself a favor , spend a little more and get a real light !
 the on/off does n't always turn it on / off.When it 's on , it 's a great little light ... but it works 20 % of the time .
 I bought two of these , both broke within a month . They stopped working -LRB- and the power button is a very flimsy apparatus -RRB- .
 This item is a real piece of C % $ P. . . Well you know . It 's a bad product . I bought three of them and the first thing was the little black strap was not on it . I tried to attach it . Forget it . Not worth the trouble . Next , I went to put one in the kitchen and it fell apart . I mean I did n't even drop it , it just sprang apart . The front popped right off . I 've seen this same item in the local store for $ 1.99 Come on now ! For the price I paid I could have gotten one OK flashlight . Now I own three really cheap ones . I would put a few drops of supper glue on the front lens edges to keep it in place . That is most likely where others are getting the flickering from , and was the reason it fell apart . The front lens popped right out . I would worn others to stay clear of this item . You could do MUCH better !!!
 Cheap Chinese junk . Poorly made , low quality parts . One was DOA , one died after a few uses , and the third one is iffy . Yea , they are cheap - and they show it . Not reliable in the least . I own several LED lights - these are the worst - period .
 I read all the reviews AFTER I order three of these and none of them worked . Wish I had read them before . I appreciate that some of you can MAKE them work by soldering , etc. , but I purchased them for my 85 year old Dad for a Christmas present and the item should work out of the box . No clear direction on which way batteries should go or which way battery pack should go back into flashlight . I tried every possibility I could find and nothing worked . I have never had occasion to return an item from Amazon , but all three of these did n't work and are being returned the day after Christmas . Such a disappointment .
 Warning label on this product : `` Always wear ANSI approved safety goggles when using this product ... Normal everyday use of this product is likely to expose the user to dust and microscopic particles containing lead and other chemicals known in the State of California to cause cancer , birth defects , and other reproductive harm . Always wear the appropriate clothing and safety equipment when operating this product . Wash hand thoroughly after the use and handling of this product . `` I bought two of these for my niece and nephew for Christmas , only to discover today -LRB- Christmas -RRB- this alarming warning .
 Here 's what the packaging on this flashlight says : `` Normal everyday use of this product is likely to expose the user to dust and microscopic particles containing lead and other chemicals known in the State of California to cause cancer , birth defects and other reproductive harm . `` So ... why is this product even being sold !? I threw mine away , unopened . Thanks for nothing .
 I buy from Amazon on a constant basis . Good prices and good service . This light , on the other hand did not work from the word go . I am returning it.Peter Aldin .
 I thought these were the perfect little lights , I bought 4 of them and every single one developed a loose connection within a couple of months . I tried to fix it by making the connection tighter , but every attempt resulted in failure . These lights went off and on constantly and had to be thrown away .
 Nice light ; when it actually goes on . you need to keep shaking or tapping it to keep it on . Shoddy quality .
 Purchased two . One worked , one did n't . That 's about par for the course in China . Not worth the effort to return .
 The flashlight is reasonably bright , I 'll give it that . On the other hand , it comes with a warning that says , `` Normal everyday use of this product is likely to expose the user to dust and microscopic particles containing lead and other chemicals known in the State of California to cause cancer , birth defects and other reproductive harm . `` In other words , this thing is painted with lead paint !
 It work most of the time . Everything is screwed on tight but sometimes needs a little whack and it lights up again .
 I have had this flashlight for over a year now , and it is n't anything special . The main issue I have with it is that the front lens seems to have been made to pop out , which it does rather easily , especially when the flashlight is accidentally dropped . The challenge then becomes finding the transparent inch wide piece of plastic , often in the dark . I would definitely suggest looking for a higher quality flashlight .
 Like a fool , I got at least 2 or 3 of these at home . After owning it for a couple weeks , it does n't work anymore . What a waste of money !
 Made in China and likely a few bad ones in every batch . So far I am unable to get it to turn on . If it did light it would be a great product for the money . My guess is yours will work . But I wo n't take a chance on another mail order for this product and will get one where I can easily return a defect . It 's not worth the cost to mail a bad one back .
 I would not buy any product that utilizes 3 AAA batteries . Instead I would opt for a similar product using 2 AA batteries . That way , I would be getting two times the amount of juice for 2/3 of the price . I do not know why manufacturers often fit their products with the smallest batteries that they can get away with .
 Pros : - very bright - compact - inexpensiveCons : - causes cancerI really like the brightness produced by this flashlight ; the cancer , not so much .
 I bought this for occasional use while model building . I was inially impressed by its design , configuration and bright light . But after a few uses it required shaking , and finally quit altogether . A change in batteries and check of contacts were to no avail . Ordered another , and this one does n't work at all .
 Nice idea for a cheap , light weight flashlight , but very poorly made . The light flashes on/off randomly . It will turn on sometime with the switch , at other times it must be lightly tapped or shaken , and sometimes nothing . It is essentially useless . It is most definitely NOT `` Heavy Duty '' as the description says . I liked the size and price , but this is just a piece of junk . I am returning it . Save yourself some aggravation , pay a few bucks more , get a name brand .
 The first flashlight I purchased did not work at all after repeated trials and examination . Amazon very promptly send me a replacement after I returned the defective unit . Unfortunately the second unit did not function either at first but then after rearranging and replacing the batteries it would work intermittently . I finally gave up !
 We own many flashlights , and this one looked great , but within a month it no longer worked , and no amount of battering fiddling made it better . Maybe it was just a bad light , but I would not recommend this .
 I bought several of these b/c the price was so good and the light so bright . Most of the lights I bought flicker a lot , with the light sometimes going out . Seems to be due to the wiring in the switch area , since tapping and turning it on & off temporarily resolves the problem -LRB- for about a minute -RRB- .
 I thought I would take a chance and get one that does n't have the spotty on/off problem so many others have reported . No such luck . It does n't turn on when you click it . If you reseat the battery , or jiggle it around , it will eventually turn on and work , but when you need a flashlight , you need a flashlight , not one five minutes later.A consistent design flaw or poor construction process.On the plus side , it looks great , and when it works , it works well . I gave it to my 4-year old and bought a Smith and Wesson 28 light LED flashlight .
 The flashlight was delivered in a timely fashon but did n't work . The included batteries worked fine but no light . Amazon wo n't replace the light because they are not the seller . All I get is a refund . When that comes through I 'll decide if it 's worth the hassle to try again .
 The brightness of the light is okay . Everything else is n't . It is in a brittle casing and will not take the punishment of flashlights that this one is made to look like . Also , the one I got turns off when it is pointed at an upward angle . Also , this thing reeks the scent of grease/oil , should you happen to like that sort of thing . These duds are going for 2.50 at Fry 's .
 I bought this flashlight as a replacement for my other broken one . I bought it mainly because of its small size and price . I would have loved it if it worked , but the first time I took it out of it 's packaging it would n't even turn on . I opened it up and looked at it but everything looked fine . I twisted the cap back on and gave it a light tap and it turned on.I figured it was good to go and let it sit . A couple weeks later I came back to it and tried to turn it on again . Well needless to say it did n't , even after trying anything I could think of to turn it on . It 's a nice looking product , but one that I wo n't be buying in the future .
 I would not have purchased this flashlight if I had known the WARNINGS on the package ! They are ; Always wear ANSI approved safety goggles when using this product ; Always wear the appropriate clothing & safety equipment when operating this product
 Neiko Super-Bright 9 LED Heavy-Duty Compact Aluminum Flashlight - Gunmetal SilverThis item literally fell apart after 2 DAYS and after using only 3 times !
 Ok it 's cheap but who cares if it does not work ? I have to screw it so many times , to hit it and then the light turns on but it blinks ...
 Cheaply made and flimsy . Installed batteries , and it simply does n't work . Came with cheap generic batteries , replaced those and still does n't work . Do n't know what else to say , except I wish it were a little sturdier so I could use it as a paperweight .
 Nice product if it would work ... The flashlight has a contact problem and even though I am used fully charged batteries it does not light on everytime I need it . . Sometimes it just stops working ... DISAPPOINTING !
 This flashlight was great , while it worked . After a few months , the switch became tricky to use - sometimes it would light , sometimes not ; sometimes while I was outside in the dark , the light would go out suddenly & I 'd have to jiggle the housing around to get it to light again . Even then , the lighting was inconsistent . When I opened it to try to fix it , the spring popped out & I was unable to insert it again - it was too far down in the flashlight to reach , even with needlenose pliers . You get what you pay for . For $ 5 , it seems like a good deal , but I 'd rather have a heavy-duty , reliable flashlight .
 The appearance is nice but the light started randomly dimming and coming back on - I suspect is an imperfect contact - in less than one month after getting it.Beware - you 'll get what you pay for -LRB- another chinese piece of crap -RRB- . I 'd save the money and get something like Maglite -LRB- made in USA -RRB- . I have two of those and have been worked perfect !
 I bought this as a gift and the warnings on the label were ridiculous . If you use this flashlight while you are pregnant , there 's a risk of birth defects ! You should also operate it using safety gloves ! There were other warnings that I ca n't remember , but clearly this product is n't terribly safe . If you do n't mind the risks and plan on using safety gloves , I 'm sure it provides light adequately .
 it 's a good , bright light , but it 's too light-weight for my taste . Feels cheaply made . As long as it 's not damaged by dropping or something it 's got a good light , though .
 You 're better off using a torch with real fire for extended night time use , might last longer as well . I tossed this in the rubbish bin after about 2 weeks of flimsy use .
 I purchased two of these flashlights , one promptly broke within a week.Pros
 I read many of the reviews before purchasing and decided to buy it even though I knew I was going to have to do some out-of-the-box maintenance to make it work . But I figured a powerful light for $ 3 is n't bad . Sure enough it did n't work right out-of-the-box , but after sanding the paint off the threads I got it to work . The disappointment is that this light with its 9 LEDs and 3 AAAs is not as bright as my itty bitty Leatherman Monarch 300 with its 1 LED and 1 AAA . Sure the Leatherman costs more but there 's an old saying , `` You get what you pay for . ''
 Nice flashlight at a low price . * However * , the honeymoon is over after a month . Mine , like others who have reviewed it , stopped working after a month . First it starts to flicker on and off , then it stops working entirely.Think of it as a disposable product only . If you want quality get a Mag-Lite .
 Aside from the disconcerting warning on the package about dangerous chemicals shed by the item , this flash light will leave you high and dry . I learned recently on a camping trip.Went camping with friends in the Sierra 's near South Lake Tahoe . I left my friends and campsite one night to climb a nearby mountain for some star gazing around 2am . -LRB- a meteor shower was occurring -RRB- Just as I reached a clearing on top of a large rock mountain , the flashlight lens popped off and all internal contents spilled out . It was pitch dark . I fumbled with trying to find the pieces of flashlight - failed . It was too dangerous to try to climb down in the dark . Instead of yelling for help and embarrassing myself , I hunkered down near a tree until morning , freezing my rear off , despite three heavy REI coats.In an emergency , a quality product is priceless.This product is unworthy . Even for fee I 'd not take it .
 if you 're looking to fill that $ $ $ quota to meet the free shipping and handling from amazon , then why not . buy it and give it as a gift , or leave it in the car.if you 're buying to because you NEED a flashlight ... move along .
 I bought several of these and open one and played with it and found it works part of the time . You have to tap it to get it to work , or open the battery cap and then put it back on to get it to work . LED 's are bright but thats no good if you ca n't get them to work . I returned all lights
 Yes , as with several other reviewers - the switch on my flashlight is flaky . It suddenly dims all by itself . Hard to recommend purchase . Oh well , at least it was cheap .
 You may as well go throw $ 5 in your trash can right now - and at least save yourself the frustration of finding out for yourself that this flashlight is a total waste of time and money . I have purchased at least three of these from Amazon for kid 's birthday 's etc. . They all have the same problem - they are completely unreliable . I have tried every ` fix ' suggested by other users to no avail . If you want a flashlight that goes off and on -LRB- mostly off -RRB- when you really need it to be available , then this is your flashlight . Otherwise there are better flashlights to be found for under $ 10 . Try the RAYOVAC models - they have been very reliable for the kids .
 It was only $ 5 , so I did n't expect too much , but this thing is TINY . I guess I did n't pay close enough attention to the dimensions given , but I really did n't expect it to be so small . It 's almost keychain small , but the light is nice and bright.Problem is , there seems to be a bad connection between screw on top and battery which makes keeping the light lit difficult unless you press hard on the button the whole time . So , overall , I would n't recommend this one and think you could probably find a tiny , cheap flashlight at WalMart or a dollar store that would work better for less money .
 Not `` heavy duty '' , not even a little . After a couple weeks of light use -LRB- ha ha -RRB- , the button that turns it on & off is already going sketchy . It 's pretty bright when I can get it to go on as bright as it goes , but the aforementioned sketchy switch prevents that sometimes and it just barely flickers on . Not impressed , even for the low price .
 It is a very bright flashlight , however I did not consider it heavy duty . I purchased four , for the most part they were all working just fine . After a while some would go dim with the slightist tap .
 All 9 LED 's came on for about 2 months and then apparently the switch went bad . At times 7 LED 's will light and blink dim . Cute flashlight , but you get what you paid for - cheap Chineese junk .
 I got this to keep in my car , and after a few weeks it no longer worked . Presumably the motion of the car messed up comething inside the flashlight . They advertise it as being good for keeping in a car , which is NOT TRUE . Maybe it 's ok if you ust use it in your house .
 I ordered this item recently to simplify the hookup of our pressure washer and other water based gardening tools and hoped that it provides a solid connection . Sadly it turned out to be leaking none stop and be basically useless.I replaced all the washer 's in the hope to get it to seal , but to no available.Highly dissatisfied
 I also bought what appears to be the same item at Home Depot for much less . They are nice at first but start leaking within the first year . By the second year , the ball bearings that hold the fittings together started to stick and the rubber/plastic grip rings were slipping off , making using them very difficult . NOT impressive !
 I 've purchased a lot of different furnace filters and these are not what I expected . I doubt very much they are rated at a MERV 12 . Filtrete makes a model 1250 filter that is rated at MERV 11 and is a much tighter weave than these . Not worth the money !
 I feel I wasted my money buying this attachment . It is not strong enough to clean the cement . If you need something to just spray light dirt away , maybe this would work for you . If you need it to CLEAN the cement , do n't bother buying this , you will just go back to using the spray nozzle that came with the pressure washer , like I did .
 I purchased this item a month ago . It comes with 4 adapaters not 5 as indicated on their photo the one I needed was the 5th one which was not included with the product . In their directions they indicate that the adapter for the power washer I have was an option and had to be ordered separately . To date I have sent 5-6 emails and called their customer service so I can order the adapter . No response and no luck . They actually gave me a phone number that was disconnected . Needless to say it 's still sitting in the box never used . It will cost more to send back to Amazon than it 's worth .
 I was disappointed to gotten this power washer broom and had to send it back due to it having only 4 adapters . The 2nd one received also had only 4 adapters . The one I needed was probably the missing one . I have asked Amazon to remove this product or revise the description . I would n't buy from FAIP again.FAIP PowerWasher Universal Pressure Washer H20 PowerWash Broom # 80009
 Ordered this to match other fixtures in a stainless steel/nickel room . Finish was chrome , not nickel . I do n't know if the wrong fixture was sent or the finish was poorly labeled .
 We put these in our house as we are allergy sufferers . We did not get any better . After a month of no results , we switched them out with the 3M Filtrete 1900 MPR filters . It made a huge difference in one day .
 The handles are nice , the best thing about these very cheap screwdrivers . The ` oxide tip ' is a some kind of painted on coating that scratches off very easily . Do n't be fooled by the appearance of a real professional screwdriver . These aint it .
 I bought this item and returned it . It was supposed to be magnectic and they did work . I would not recommend these unless you just want a good price set of screwdrivers . .
 This unit works fine -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , BUT ; If I would thought for a moment I would havew waited for their charger that works with the lithium ion batteries also . Now I still have to purchase that unit .
 I bought this charger for my 12 volt Firestorm . I have 4 batteries and the charger quickly charges all of them to 8 volts and thats it . Takes about 3 minutes . I do n't know how other folks on this site get it to function with Firestorm batteries . I would assume that there should be a key in the battery that makes the charger recognize the battery as a 12 volt on Dewalt batteries . Anyway , it did n't work for me .
 This item worked as good as the broken one I already had . Yeah , it 's cheaper then the ones you can buy in the store ... but do n't buy this one . Spend the extra money and get one from Home Depot or Lowes . I delayed my project 2 more weeks trying to figure out why I could n't get my batteries charged up .
 I have found that on about an 80 degree day , charging will never start unless the battery and charger are put in a shady spot for quite a while . Has anyone else had that problem ? Not good for many job sites . I will follow up with DeWalt in case it 's a malfunction .
 Saw in some review that this DeWalt battery charger could be used to recharge Black and Decker batteries in my drill . Trouble was that both batteries `` died `` and very costly to replace . For a few dollars more , can purchase whole thing but will never spend another penny on Black and Decker item.IMPORTANT -- I can not rate this item as I could not recharge my batteries . It is probably a very good charger .
 I bought two of these here about six months ago and today a firestorm battery killed both of them . I did buy another from a co worker today but beware of this one .
 It does charge , however very very cheaply made . I have two batteries and one fits OK while the other is had to get in the charger , both are the same batteries . I never received a manual with the purchase and it is clearly stated it should have one . All in all I would pass on this charger , their are other alternatives .
 This product arrived with no packaging at all , it was just thrown into a bag . It appeared as if it was bought at a garage sale , with scratches and had that `` used '' look . It obviously was not brand new , if at most it may have been refurbished , due to the lack of packaging . I was seriously disappointed in this merchant and must warn you that if you purchase from here , you may not get a brand new packaged product ! Beware please , and be careful what you purchase because sometimes the description reads it is new , when it is not . I hope this helps .
 I have owned 6 of these keypads . I currently use two at a time with my three car garage set-up . The keypad itself is made very cheaply . After a few months the face where the buttons are start to crack . The area that attaches to the hinges that hold the faceplate always break -LRB- so i have to use superglue -RRB- . Otherwise they function perfectly for me , but I am always replacing them before the year is up and we do n't use them that often . If you can avoid using these keypads I would try something else , but i 'm kinda stuck with this set-up since my garage door opener works just fine . Thanks and God bless .
 I have purchased 2 of these since owning my Marantec Door opener . Same problem with both . the keys crack and flake off . Called Marantec numerous times . No return call . I the wen to the place where i got the door opener from and they said `` we stopped doing business with marantec . They have great openers but their keypads are junk . too many complaints '' . They were kind enough to sell me a wired keypad by Domino . It works perfect !
 The unit works with the door opener fine . But the physical package of the unit is very flimsy . The door hinge broke after two weeks of use . The unit is located in a protected area so I hope it will continue to work . Marantec should design a better protective cover . I had a Sears door opener for eleven years not located in a protected area and I know the unit is still on the house and working , we moved from the house 4 years ago .
 Poor quality - The plastic screw head that connects the key pad from the backing plate snapped when I tried to separate the two units . Then the key pad itself refused to reprogram to my security code . I finally ended up reprogramming the old unit I originally had and continue to use it .
 We reviewed all of the troubleshooting , we spent hours trying to get it work . We asked a neighbor and my father-in-law , who have installed their own keyless entry pad , and to no avail . The manner in which you transfer the information from your transmitter to the keyless system is pathetic . Rather than a laser eye that reads the information , you are given these little sticks that do not even stay in either device .
 I hired a garage door company to put a garage door and opener in my new home two years ago . I purchased this companies , opener with this keyless entry remote because they said it had a lifetime warranty on it . Having purchase several garage door openers from the local chain home stores I decided to spend almost three times the amount now and do the job right for a lasting result . I was foolish , in the beginning the opener itself had major issues . It would almost close and then pop back up and be open when I returned home from the store leaving my home and it 's contents at risk . Of course after the first time I had to sit at the end of my driveway until it was completely down , before I could drive away . As on many occasions it would go back up and I would have to try 3-6 times to get it down . Often , I would have to go back in , turn it off , lower it manually , and leave through the front door , and then reverse the process to put my new car back in the garage on my return home . The garage door company had to come out like 5 times to get it adjusted properly over several months , of which I was told by several of the technicians `` this motor is powerful but extremely sensitive '' . Every time they said it , I wished I would have been told that in the beginning so I could have selected a different product rather than deal with the current headache . Now , I went through all that to rate the Keyless entry pad I just purchased because I 'm in the same situation with this entry pad . I had no choice but to buy it because the opener only opens with their brand of opener . The keypad works fine , but after a year and a half the numbers punch through the thin , unpadded plastic and show people who might be up to no good , what the code is , thereby blowing all security for the home , if the kids did n't set the alarm . Then it quit working . So if there right and the opener works for a lifetime I 'm still out money purchasing a replacement keypad every year and a half ! Do yourself a favor , pick another product , this one is a mess ! Oh , by the way , the garage door company can no longer sell me the pads , because somebody else has the exclusive on it now , but when I went in they already new my problem , because almost every customer had had the numbers break through and they had an identically broken one at the store to show me were the battery was located ! So be warned it 's a common complaint !
 The Marantec garage door opener has been very good . It is quiet and reliable , but a bit slow . The remote is a very flawed design . The material covering the buttons breaks within a year or so . It is disappointing that a very good opener is accompanied by a very poor remote .
 I am a delivery driver and can tell you that Marantec is horrible on durability ! The Key pads will begin to crack and the outer cover will off and the winter weather will kill it . Buy anything BUT the grey marantec wireless keyless remote . I have yet to see one that was any good . They look really nice new but believe me they will not look that way in a year or so . I ca n't believe a company would still be putting something so horrible on the market . I 'm going to write the company after I finish this review and let them have it . They need to be singled out on this product .
 THIS ITEM CLAIMS TO BE PASLODE 650014 GALVANIZED NAILS . IT IS ACTUALLY 650026 BRITE NAILS . THE TILE MISLEADS YOU INTO THINKING IT 'S 650014 BUT THE SMALL PRINT SAYS IT 'S 650026 .
 Yes , stinky . Everything in my entire shipment came out smelling like gasoline . Ahh , do n't you just love the smell of Naphtha in the afternoon ? Me neither.The odor comes from the cushion grip handles and smells just like fresh `` Plasti Dip '' . It 's a horrible , horrible smell that makes my eyes water and I ca n't stand to be in the garage with these tools laying around . Forget about keeping them inside the house . They are too inexpensive to be worth the return hassle , so I 'm going to leave them outside in the sun for 6 months to see if the smell goes away.NOTES
 The drivers are made to look like they have hardened points , but are really only painted ... comes off with the first use .
 Amazon has the potential to be so much more . How do they allow stuff like this to sell ? Smell was 110 % repulsive . Positive reviewers could only work for the company . Sending them back . Costs me time and Amazon money . Just a dumb dumb product .
 I laugh at the person who says these can be used for a professional trade . Many people do not realize the benefits of a quality precision screwdriver.The tips will be hardened , resists twisting , fit much better in the screws thereby resisting stripping and produce less hand fatigue . The draw back is that they are more expensive , but they will last a lifetime with average use.You will see a big difference in use when tackling stubborn fasteners with a cheap tool and a quality one . The cheap one will slip out , strip the fastener , the tip of the screwdriver itself will get misshaped , or the whole shaft will start to twist.How do I know ? I used to buy cheap screwdrivers which imitate the more expensive counterparts and witnessed these things happening first hand in demanding applications at my job . Until I bought some quality ones.My recommendation , buy your selfsome Kleins . If they are too expensive , buy the single screwdriver that has the reversible shaft with the 10 tips -LRB- about $ 10 at sears -RRB- . I keep one of those in my car , it is invaluable and if you take the tip out it becomes a nut driver for the radiator hose and other nut fasteners.I am in no ways affiliated with Klien tools , just a very happy customer . If you do not believe my review , go talk to an electrician about there thoughts.As for these Denali set , they are fine for fasteners that are not overly tight . Once you get to a real stubborn fastener -LRB- ex
 I picked up a box of these nails locally for a job I am doing . I was using them in a genuine paslode hanger gun and they did not work well . It seems like the angle of the nails are not correct , and the little clip on the slide of the gun would not engage the heads of the nails . So they would not feed consistently . This would be expected in a generic nail or gun , but not using a Paslode positive placement gun , with paslode nails.For kicks I did load them in my bostich PP gun -LRB- nail box says they will work -RRB- without much better results . The paper that is used to collate them is too high and too thick on the nail for the bostich nailer , and drags on the magazine creating some of the same problems . I ended up grabbing a box of generics and they worked fine in both guns.Not sure if I just got a bad batch , but do n't feel like spending another $ 75 on nails that do n't work correctly in any of my guns to find out .
 The title for this listing was a pack of 12 and I was sent one item . AFter going back and forth with the seller and Amazon , both blaming the other , I finally got a refund but it was not a good experience . I will not buy from this seller on Amazon again .
 I 've had this set of screwdrivers for close to a year now and none of them have held up . The edges on the heads are all worn and I have not used them that much . They 're all pretty much usless now . Spend a little more money and buy something worth the money you paid for it . Stay away !
 I am an avid woodworker and make sure that when I buy something it is the best product that I can get for the application . My research pointed me to this miter saw stand over some other choices . First of all , the stand has the potential to be really good . It is sturdy and can easily be moved around . However , the wings are supposed to have slots cut into it for t bolts to hold down the extension fence . My wings did n't have the slots cut into it . I emailed Rousseau several times and called multiple times . But no one that works in the correct department has contacted me or been able to answer my question . Also , when the stand arrived the top shelf was smashed and pretty substantially bent . For a company that charges premium prices they should offer better packaging , have better quality assurance to make sure simple slots are not ommitted during manufacture and they should take the time to return calls to rectify the problem . I wo n't be buying Rousseau again or recommending them .
 A good router with reasonably smooth plunging action , but with a few problems that led me to trade it in for a Dewalt 625 . The depth measurement rod/device is awkward and not as well designed as I would have expected . The overall power was much less than my old Sears 1 1/2 HP router ; the P-C was practically stalling out in routing oak , where the Sears was not hesitating . The collets and the edge guide did work well , the kit and case is quite nice , and my shop vac plugged into the dust port with just minor adjustments .
 I could not believe that the PC teck said that plunge routers all have play in the shaft . The right side has such play that you can tilt the router base by applying pressure to one side even when locked and he said this is normal ! I have a RE600 Ryobi that is solid in all positions . I tested the DeWalt621 and with one post it was solid . The depth adjustment is also very hard to set , you have to turn it many revolutions to get it to adjust . The dust shield falls off easily . I returned it after one day .
 I have many PC products , and this is the worst of the lot . 7529 feels great in your hands , and the soft start is nice.But now the problems . The trigger lock takes a lot of getting used to . Can be very hard to lock . The knob on the front for locking the depth gauge is coming off . It 's a plastic knob pressed onto a brass insert , and when you tighten the knob it pulls away from the insert . The electronic brake stopped working , and the height lock came loose . I 've only used it a few times , and it seems to be falling apart!I 've heard many of these same problems from fello woodworkers .
 I have 9 routers in the shop , 5 of them are Porter Cables . Four of the PCs are used constantly , and are very reliable . This model sits on a shelf , non functional as a real expensive paper weight . It 's been sent to PC for repairs 2 times , when it quit in the middle of another project I gave up on it and went and bought a Bosch . Even when it worked I thought the convoluted off/on switch was a pain .
 I purchased this router about two months ago and the 1/2 '' collet worked fine . However , when I tried to use the 1/4 '' collet , no bits would fit it -LRB- I noticed others had the same problem -RRB- . I finally got the collet to work , but when I tried to remove the bit , it would not come loose . For whatever reason , the collet stuck in the router and when I tried to remove it , the locking mechanism on the router broke with very little pressure . The collet is still in the router and now I have no way of getting it out short of getting out the vice grips . I am sending it in as a warranty issue and I will probably get another in return , but I am definitely going to buy another router that has better quality . Save your money on this one .
 I bought this router shortly after it was introduced thinking it was the next best thing since sliced bread . Man was I wrong ! For handheld use , it is stiff , cumbersome , and unbalanced . It 's worse in a router table , which was the main reason I bought it . I thought the second power switch would be handy for table use , except you have to lock the handle switch in the on position . And in order to do that , I had to tape mine just so the switch would lock into place . The height adjustment is a pain to work with . Overall , this is one of the worse routers I have used . If you want a router for a router table , spend the extra money and step up to a 3 HP router
 This is the second review on this router . This one is just the 7529 with carrying case and edge guide.This router will not stay in a fixed position . It works Ok as a plunger router where you hold it against the stop . It is NOT satisfactory for using on a router table or with a Leigh Dovetail Jig . Where depth of cut is most important .
 is another story . The big problem is the switch located on the handle . It just does n't work in a router table . I 've tried a replacement model as Porter Cable thought I must have had something break on the first . The second router 's swtich broke in about 15 minutes . I should have checked out the reviews here first . Gon na go look for a new router now . Shame on Porter Cable , especially for their ignorance of this problem when I called into their tech support staff .
 The 7529 worked ok in plunge mode although it was rather stiff and smooth plunging was a problem . However in shaper mode it was a big let down . As noted by another reviewer the handle power switch would not lock on , I also had to tape it , but worse was the micro adjuster . The adjusting knob is too close to the body and not shaped for other than working with the finger tips . I could not move the bit up as the weight of the inverted router was too great for my fingers to overcome . My old ELU router -LRB- now DeWalt and the worse for it -RRB- had a rod with a Tee handle which extended clear of the body . This arrangement was far easier .
 PORTER CABLE REALLY BLEW IT ON THIS ONE . THE SWITCH WENT OUT IN THE FIRST 10 MINUTES . A YEAR AND A HALF LATER IT IS DEAD , WAITING FOR ITS FOURTH SWITCH . IN ADDITION TO THE SWITCH FAILURES , THE SWITCH LOCKING MECHANISM IS VERY AWKWARD AND IS PRONE TO FAIURE.THE ROUTER IS ALSO UNDERPOWERED . THIS ROUTER STALLS OUT ON PROJECTS THAT MY 1-1/2 HP CRAFTSMAN BREEZES THROUGH . THE PLUNGE MECH CONSTANTLY STICKS AND THE MICROADJUST NEVER WORKED.THEIR CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT ANY BETTER . THEY HAVE YET TO RETURN MY PHONE CALLS OR E-MAILS . MY NEXT ROUTER WILL DEFINATELY NOT BE A PORTER CABLE .
 I was very disappointed with Porter Cable . The plunge mechanism sticks , the on button is hard to lock on for router table use , the depth gauge is extremely hard to use , and it is not compatible with most after-market accessories . Mine is sitting on a shelf . In its place is a DeWalt 621 plunge router . It is lighter , has a much better depth gauge and is just better all around . I love my DeWalt 621 . I wish I had bought it first .
 I recently bought the PC97529 2hp router , and unfortunaltly found it to be a poster child for what seems to be a wide spread problem with new PC products . I found this router to be over hyped and under powered . I am a profesional carpenter rely on my routers . PC has always been the standard for a rugged , reliable and well engineered router . This router stalled out constantly on a project that it should have breezed through -LRB- rabbeting MDF -RRB- the trigger and saftey were stiff and awkward , the depth adjustment aggravatingly tedius and the dust shield a chincy prop designed to woo us with its appearance and not actually survive . My router actually died after 2weeks . This is the second PC router I have had fail on me this year . The life of both was less than what I would expect for a craftsmen . My sense from this eperience and other recent eperiences with other PC tools is that PC is targeting hobbyists and empasizing packaging over quality this is forcing me into the arms of DEWALT and BOSCH .
 At face value this seems to be a very nice router but , upon closer inspection , the design has serious flaws . First the base seems to be too thin of a casting as you can feel it bend if you put side pressure on it . Base stiffness is critical for precise plunging . This unwanted flexibility may be due to the dust extraction tunnels cast into the base . Secondly the plunge is not nearly as smooth or precise as the DeWalt 621 as there is a lot of slop between the rods and their linear bearings . Third the plunge lock works opposite to the way that it should . Plunge locks should be normally off and applied to lock . This , as with all PC plunge routers , is normally on and worked to release . This is much harder to use when mortising than the lock down method used on the DeWalt 625 and on Hitachi 's and Makita 's large plungers . A minor point is that the plastic chip shield is a joke as it falls off easily . On both the DW621 and this PC turning the router on and off requires a finger dance with the PC 's being slightly easier . What 's wrong with a simple trigger switch without all of the clusmy , and in my opinion vastly more unsafe , so called safety switches ? Spindle locks are not a feature as is claimed as when the collet releases you have a good chance of damaging the rods . PC did a nice job of giving you the option of using two wrenches which is a better way to chuck and unchuck the bit without damaging the rods . Nice handles which is a plus . This could have been a great router like the DeWalt 625 . Instead it 's simply an acceptable one .
 Porter Cable has a design flaw with the trigger locking switch . To use this in a router table , your must lock the trigger on and use a switch located on top of the router to turn it on . The problem is the switch lock breaks easily and the router will not function properly . I found this out the first time I used it in my table and sent it away to be fixed . After the fix , the repair lasted 20 minutes . I am now looking for another router to use in my table . I will only use the 7529 for hand held applications where I constantly hold down the trigger myself . Porter Cable should have a recall on this . I am not the only person with this problem . I posted my problem on a tool chat room and other woodworkers shared the same story . If you want to use this router for a router table , get another router . Save yourself the trouble .
 I 'm currently on my third one . All have had switches fail , my current one is hotwired bypassing the top rocker swich . PC said a year ago it would send me a new switch , still have n't seen it . If you use this in a router table the handle switch mechanisim will plug with sawdust , and will not work . All Three have had the collet lock break , and I have had Makita 's version for four years -LRB- model 3612C -RRB- and its still going strong . By the way I own seven other routers and use them in my furniture shop .
 DeWalt makes a great line of cordless tools . It 's too bad they did n't put more time into designing this tool . Gearcase seal usually fails allowing moisture to creep into bearing and lock up the tool .
 Bought this saw in a combo kit with a drill . Drill was ok , but this saw is a waste of money . If your going to do any kind of job other than a few quick cuts , you better have at least a half dozen spare battery packs . And that might not be enough . Any sustained cutting for say thre or four minutes and the battery goes dead . I know its not a deffective battery because they work a long time in my drill . For the price of this saw , you can just about buy a small electric generator and use a corded saw . I 'm sorry I bought this saw because it sits in my garage collecting dust while I take my corded Milwaukee SawZall to the jobs intead .
 First of all I 'm trying to figure out the math on Tool Crib 's rating system . I 'm looking at 4 reviews prior to my writing this one . Two people rate it 1 star and two people rate it 5 stars . So that 's a total of 12 stars divided by 4 ... giving this tool a rating of 3 stars ... not 4 . Well that rating is going even lower . Reading the other 4 reviews , one person stated the battery life is not as advertised . Is that an understatement . I tried to cut down a bush that had about 12 banches between one and two inches in diamiter . Both batteries needed recharging before I was able to cut them all . Finished the last two by hand . I 'm glad I got this as a gift in a combo pack . I 'd be very upset if I paid for this saw with my own money . Casey
 This tool has NO POWER ! It 's good for about 10 cuts then needs a new charge . The only reason I bought it was so that I would have a 3rd battery for my drill/saw . I typically like Dewalt cordless tools , but I would not recommend this tool .
 Should have listened to John Bryer review ... Corded Plate Joiner is gutless . I set up a comparision between my 18v and my brother 's corded . The first biscuit -LRB- on full charge -RRB- only cut about 90 % and then the blade stalled . Same thing on the second . Slowing down the feed solved the stalling problem but left me disappointed with the performance of the tool . Otherwise , the cuts were of the same high quality as the corded joiner . The portability is somewhat offset by the extra weight and the need to have a vacuum attached to ensure through dust extraction .
 Just a heads up . I went to a local Home Depot to check out this saw . I was dead set on getting this saw for $ 130 because the display saw said `` Made in USA '' right on the saw -LRB- not the box or case -RRB- . I was also looking at the Makita 5007NK for $ 99 . It was made in China . I told the lady at the register that as soon as I go through the line I 'm opening the box and if it is made in China I will return it immediately . I ended up doing just that . Opened the box and looked at the saw and the saw said `` Made in CHINA '' in the same place that the display model said `` Made in USA '' . I returned it , and walked over and bought the Makita instead.I 'm not sure if this is a ploy by Home Depot , or by Milwaukee or what , but it sucks.Go buy the Makita instead .
 The very first time I used this saw the depth of cut adjustment locking handle made a `` pop '' noise when I pressed it down and would not hold the adjustment . It is a black nylon handle on a metal shaft . I unscrewed it and rotated it backward then reassembled . Seemed to work ok.Today when I adjusted the depth and pressed the handle down I heard another `` pop '' . This time the fix did not work . I wound up removing the handle and shaft and putting an aircraft nut on the machine screw that locks the depth of cut into place.I would not buy this saw again .
 I 'm returning this unit without opening it . It 's made in China , and I 've got nothing against the Chinese people , I 'm doing all I can to buy American . I know it 's `` too little , too late '' , but to do nothing is worse . And I can get the exact same thing at Home Depot for the same price .
 We had started a new job on a Monday and someone told me that one saw was down . I did some research on this item6390 and felt it was capable of doing our type of work.Brought the saw to the site took it out of the box and it was put to work , I returned in one hour to find this saw smoking , guard blade cut up and plate to be bent . Returned it to the vendor who accused me of not using the saw properly , all I told him was I wanted a new saw , not to be had , went to local milwaukee dealer who looked at the saw and pronuced it DEFECTIVE . Went back to where I bought it and told this to the gentleman and this was as he said OVER.Mentioned saw was less then one week old no satisfaction . All in all everything was rectified I never did receive a new saw , it was fixed all because of a Blade Stabilizer -LRB- washerThe saw is running I fell badly because of all problems with the saw.We have it online straioght cuts need a fence on a long run but the power is thereso we will use it .
 First I want to direct you to go read impartial reviews of the most popular circular saws done by a large crew of framers at www.shop-for-circular-saws.com , this is a very helpfull site . My review is as follows
 This saw is awesome ... except . Do n't expect square cuts , because the shoe on every single one I have seen/used is warped right where you need to hold your square to set the blade-to-shoe bevel to be square when adjusting it . If this saw had the same MAG shoe as the Porter Cable , I would have kept it . But , I exchanged it for a Porter Cable , and even though I do n't have Tilt-lok , I have a keyless blade change , and good square cuts .
 For the regular user who only uses it every so often you should buy the FACE NAILER as the two guns are bascially the same except for the head so just buy a spare head for the 401 model and when you need it swop . Check this first though to make sure .
 Found it difficult to manually align the sharpener to match the blade angle . Would not recommend this - returned it and bought an electric sharpener .
 I was hoping for a huge breakthrough in knife sharpening technology , this was not it . Not exactly a precision instrument .
 I am soooo disappointed ! I 'd have given it no stars , but that was n't an option . These actually made my scissors worse . I sew -- everyday , so have a good bit of experience in this area . I was looking for something that would stretch out the lifespan of my multitude of sewing scissors without resorting to the so expensive professional sharpening . I had the small sharpener sold at Joann 's for a year of so . That one worked but fell apart eventually . I thought I 'd try a new one . The AccuSharp 2 Shear Sharp is so flimsily made I feared it was going to fall apart of this first use . On my larger scissors , it seemed to make gouges . They still cut fabric , but there was certainly no improvement in cutting . When using the Joann 's sharpener , I always was pleased with the improvement in cutting after each use.The design of this sharpener does not allow sharpening of scissors that do not open a great deal . Consequently , many of the sewing scissors , designed for the least amount of hand movement can not be sharpened with this.I stupidly continued on with this product hoping that it was just a matter of figuring out how it would best work . -LRB- Directions are minimal to say the least . -RRB- Now I need to take five pairs of scissors to a professional shop . Hopefully they are not beyond repair . I 'd return it , but I need the money I 'd spend on shipping to pay to get the scissors fixed.Save your money . Joann 's sharpener is several dollars cheaper , and you will get at least a year out of it .
 I purchased this assuming that it would automatically sharpen at the correct angle for scissors . It did not . The sharpening edge must be manually set by sight on the flat edge of scissors.First pair of scissors I tried it on the flat edge of the scissors to sharpen was so wide that the throat of the sharpener was too narrow to fit in the tool.The second pair of scissors that I tried had the reverse problem . The flat edge to be sharpened was so narrow that I could not see close enough to set the tool at the correct angle.Tool proved completely valueless too me . I would give it a `` 0 '' if possible
 This item is only the metals at the front , not the router . pictures are misleading
 I put this stuff down in the spring and it did n't even last till the end of summer . I did not adhere to the concrete at all . It broke apart in sticks and I 've been cleaning it up ever since . I followed the directions explicitly and applied to the expansion cracks on my driveway . I just tried the Sikaflex and am already impressed with it . Time will see .
 Here is the problem that I found in both quart and gallon sized bottles
 These are the worst filters I have had ever laid my hands on . There are no labels or any words on these filters . They look like very cheap filters . I bought six and did not fit my intake vent and contacted seller but no success . Save yourself some money and frustration ... Do n't buy anything like this from this seller .
 I purchased a `` D '' handle PC 691 to use with the PC 24 '' Omnijig . Because I have a small shop dust collection is a major objective . This dust collection system works , at best , marginally when using the Omnijig . The lower collection enclosure can not be used . The side port collects minimal shavings . I still use the system and from time to time turn off the vacumm to gauge if it is worth the setup . Yes , it does collect some of the chips , but probably not worth the price if the dust collection system is exclusively used with an Omnijig application . The PC 691 is exclusively used for dove tail work in my shop . If I 'm missing something here I 'd welcome correction .
 Set up the collecter on a P C 690 with a 1/2 inch 2 flute straight cutting bit . Bit was out of the collecter base 7/8 inch . Hooked up a 6 gallon Sear 's vaccuum and the collecter proceded to not work . It immediatly jamed with chips . I cleaned the collecter and rechecked my setup , it should work , but jammed immediatly . To be fare the collecter might work ok on things like MDF , Particle board or Masonite but dont try anything that makes any amount of chips . I havent tryed the edge routing attachment , but I cant see how it would work much better.Will R.
 I have just spent about 4 hours experimenting with the 42690 edge guide in two of my three Porter Cable routers . The edge guide sticks out too far for good vision and feel of close in work . Its length suggests it was intended to allow long reach lengths . I found it wobbly unless very carefully set up and well torqued . It will allow the router to twist and `` jump '' unless you really torque the screws and force the guide well against the router base . For long reach jobs , it would be smarter to clamp a straight edge on the work piece . For close in work , clamp a short strip of wood to the router base . This you can trust and do cheap . The edge guide itself is short , narrow in height , and will not permit larger bit diameters -LRB- I wanted to use it for a slot cutter for bread board joints on a table top . -RRB- I botched several work pieces with it and finally resorted to clamping a strip of wood to the router base . This product has now joined the sawdust in a garbage can !
 I have other Porter Cable products that work well . The quality & design of this edge guide shocked me . It could have easily had more than an additional 2 '' of travel with a simple design change . Or you could shorten the beam by 2 '' and have the same usable travel with a design change . The pins that adapt it to the router are .014 '' under size and the spread between the mounting holes on the router are .025 '' more on the base than on the pin location on the edge guide . Now when you tighten the screws to fasten the router to the edge guide , they will cant the pins so they are not clamped parallel to the holes . This is shoddy quality control . Even the screws are an obsolete size which has n't been used much for more than 25 years . The screw size by the way is # 12-24 . Most think it is a 5mm , but it is not . I make the assumption they got an extremely good price on these obsolete screws . These damned screws if you can find them are over $ 2 per screw at a place that sells parts for this edge guide online . That does n't even consider the cost of shipping and handling . My qualifications are
 This is one of the best guides I have owned . Perhaps its unfair giving this low a rating ; but , I would never use it without the router it fits on . I do a lot of normal and advanced router work . When I saw this jig and envisioned easy adjustments I ordered it right away.I never use it.I have several Porter-Cable routers that this guide will fit . The problem is that it mounts with the handles in the wrong orientation to the way you work . It is the routers problem.With the guide mounted on the router the handle orientation is wrong -LRB- at least to my way of working -RRB- . I have other routers and guides which present the handles in the way I usually hold them while working . I think Proter-Cable made a major design flaw which they never addressed . Beware .
 This edge guide works for those that like little pieces falling out of it and I wish I had never bought it . There are two small stainless spring clips that sandwich between the set screws and the straight edge arm . They fall out . Mounting to the 690 router base is a pain . It slides in the two holes but good luck tightening it and having it mounted tight with stability . Adding this straight edge makes the router awkward , out of balance , and heavy . There are other and better routers and straight edge kits out there ... and it has forced me to purchase another brand with straight edge attachment . Sorry . Tom
 Nice Product but it does not fit my Porter-Cable Model 8529 type 1 router.The edge block does not have the tapped holes in the correct location for the 8529 router
 I gave this accessory 2 stars because of the following :1 . The plastic base made black marks on my work pieces that I had to sand off after using the router . The factory base works fine .2 . The base was so rough that the router would not slide on the surface of the wood -LRB- oak -RRB- . This caused the router to chatter and cut unevenly .3 . It only picked up about 75 % of the chips . I still had to sweep after completing the project.I received this as a gift last Christmas . I do n't expect to use it again .
 I have just returned the second drill because the clutch gave out again . After this let down I am going to Milwaukee for my drill/saw kit . I usually love DeWalt tools , they have worked forever , not this time . The saw works great now but I am worried it will quit in the middle of a job too .
 I purchased the 690LR via amazon , and it comes with a 1/2 and a 1/4 inch collet . The 1/2 inch collet is fine , but I am unable to screw the 1/4 collet on . I assume there is some sort of defect in the threads . It is hard to examine , still less try to repair , the inside threading .
 I think it 's criminal that Porter Cable has chosen not to include both the 1/4 inch and the 1/2 inch collet with this $ 300 plus router . This collet ca n't cost more than fifty cents ; yet it 's retailing for around $ 12 . This is especially true since Porter Cable has joined the ranks of other companies , manufactoring their blades and bits in China . I have a number of Porter Cable tools , and they 've always been first rate . I was really surprised when I received my new 7518 , and it only had one collet . If they 're going to rip you off on a collet , who knows what corners they 're going to cut inside the case .
 I spent a good chunk of change on this router 2-3 years ago . It got great reviews at the time.I am a weekend woodworker and I take good care of my tools . With high price , light use and good maintenance I was repaid with this :1 . Motor lost at least half of its power within 2 years . Has trouble cutting small dadoes in poplar . Problem may be related to the known issue with the switch on the handle , but I do n't really care to find out , especially since PC has discontinued it . I only use it to round over edges in soft wood now .2 . The knob that pins the depth setting rod failed totally . I am not King Kong or anything , but even my casual use was too much for this feeble part . Now it is impossible to set a plunge setting.I have had good experiences with PC in the past , but my experience with this product makes it impossible for me to pay a premium for that name brand , at least for the foreseeable future . Will wait to see whether this was a fluke or an indicator of things to come.I just found the Hitachi M12V and have ordered it to replace this miserable unit . Funny that it is a much more powerful machine and cheaper today than what I originally paid for the 7529 . Live and learn .
 This router is a piece of -LSB- poor workmanship -RSB- . You can take my word for it or waste your money . First off , the brake stopped working almost immediately . The clear plastic chip deflector does not fit and is worthless . The depth rod locking knob stripped rendering the depth rod useless . The micro plunge locking mechanism does not stay disingaged making it a major hassle to use micro plunge adjustment knob . Also , it is very difficult turning the micro plunge knob to raise the router - It takes quite a bit of muscle . When plunging , the router has a lot of play . A small amount is understandable , but this router has way too much play . The plunge itself is not smooth - Its jerky making it difficult to make smooth plunges . And if you can put up with all of these problems , there is the problem of power . This router simply keeps bogging down and at times will completely stop . I can not use this router any more . It has ruined my last project and unless I can get it fixed under warranty , I will have to buy a new one . I own a lot of tools and this router is by far the worst investment I have ever made . Take my advise and stay away . Buy the Dewalt , Makita , or Bosch . The Dewalt 621 in particular is a very fine router . If still want to buy this router , I would be happy to sell you mine real cheap .
 I have had my 7529 for over a year and in balance , I am disappointed . When new , I had to go back to the retailer 3 times to find a unit that worked properly -LRB- plunge lock would not stay unlocked -RRB- and even it lacked several minor parts . Porter Cable responded to my first inquiry with a free replacement part -LRB- lock nut for the plunge lock -RRB- , but has ignored subsequent requests for a part -LRB- bushing on plunge gauge -RRB- . The screw that holds the plunge gauge wo n't stay tight . Now the power lock wo n't stay on and I have to use a clamp to keep it going . I can not recommend this unit .
 Reconditioned tools should be functionally checked and cleaned prior to shipment to any customer . . The 7529 PC Plunge Router I received was neither clean nor functional when I received it.In all fairness to ToolKing ... . they did refund my purchase price and the cost of shipment one way , but declined to absorb the cost of my shipping costs to them .
 . PROS .1 . Liked the speed settings .2 . When it ran , it ran very quietly , very low noise .3 . Makes a great $ 214 paperweight , just be sure to dust it every so often , since it tends to gathers dust.Cons
 At one time I had planned to stock my shop with all PC tools , now they can all sit on the shelf next to Black and Decker . This router has difficult ergonomics , difficult bit changing , and the variable speed controller malfunctions , reducing power . PC really made a lemon with this one . I own a PC belt sander , orbital sander , jig saw , and this router . Only the small orbital sander has not suffered electronic maladies .
 I had this router for approximately one year when it suddenly burned out . It worked great for about that period of time , smooth , quiet and plenty of power . I was surprised , as the router had never been heavily taxed , either by cutting through very hard wood or by planting the bits deep in the cut . I also did not use it that much in the first year . The burnout also happened right in the middle of a project . An estimated repair cost was $ ... Since this is almost the cost of a new router and takes four weeks to fix , it was more practical to buy a new one . When I originally purchased this , users were raving about it . Caveat emptor .
 I had purchased this router approximately 1-1/2 years ago.Being a hobbyist , I had not put the router through the test like a GC would . It has about 2 hours of run time . My first tests included running 3/4 '' dados in plywood and edge routing red oak . My first impression was that the router was a little weak , but I thought considering the type material I was routing , I was being a little harsh . After all , it felt a little more refined than my low-end craftsman 1-1/2 horse , but not that much stronger . Recently I had a project that required some detail routing in select pine . Again it grunted through this material regardless of the very slow feed rate I was using . The router finally bellied up . To say I am disappointed in this product is putting it mildly . I brought it to a service center twice since this and is currently there , as to date . I purchased a RD 1101 Makita to continue my project . There was no comparison in power . The Makita simply has performed better , although the Makita model does not have plunge capabilities . When your a part time hobbyist the warranty means little other than an obvious defect of the product . I bought a `` name brand '' out of faith and it fell short . Realizing mechanical tools do break , I will still be leary of this manufacturer when considering future tool purchases .
 I returned my first PC 7529 within 30 days because of a sticky collet lock pin that , needless to say , did n't fully retract and damaged the router . My second PC7529 lasted a little over a year with very light use and now will not start due to a probable switch problem . Note that Porter-Cable service centers are few and far between , so check out Porter-Cable 's web site to see if there 's one near you before you buy this tool . While it lasted , the tool was great as an accurate hand-held router , although the plunge action was somewhat sticky . If mounted in a table , this plunge action stickiness makes for very frustrating height adjustments . My replacement router will be something other than the 7529 .
 This is the worst tool that I have used from Porter Cable . I have tried to fix a depth and it would not stay where I wanted the depth of cut . This is really a problem when using your Leigh Dovetail Jig or a router table . There are two mistakes in the users manual that I told Porter Cable reps about a year ago and they are still there when I called them about two weeks ago.I only have one good thing to say about this router it is very quiet .
 My 7529 is about five years old . It lives in a router table , closed on three sides and with an additional cooling fan to keep good airflow to the router.When it works , it 's fine . I turned a big aluminum knob to make depth settings easy and it 's fairly quiet -LRB- for a router -RRB- , smooth and has adequate power.Porter Cable has had it back twice for failed speed control boards and tonight -LRB- 10 PM on a Saturday night and I 'm under the gun to get a job out -RRB- the bearing nearest the base failed . No time for a repair , it will have to be replaced . It wo n't be by another 7529 and probably not by a PC router.My 7529 has had a fairly easy life trimming plastic and a little bit of wood . It probably works a couple of hours a week , does n't have to take any big bites and it does n't have to work like a slave . I 've made sure it stays clean -LRB- it rarely makes any sawdust , usually just little plastic chips -RRB- and has extra cooling and a good chip vaccuum system . It just has to work , and it 's failed me one too many times . I 'll have it repaired , but it 'll just sit on the shelf waiting for those rare occasions when I actually need the plunge capability . Maybe it can live with that.BTW , I have a DeWalt that is 20 + years old that has been badly mistreated at times and it just wo n't die . It 's just so loud you wish it would .
 I am a G.C.in Austin TX . area . I have used every router that has been in production since 1970 , this thing has no power , ca n't cut quarter inch masonite without stoping . I change bits but same . I am returning for refund .
 My factory reconditioned PC 7529 router is about 4 years old . Purchasing a factory reconditioned tool for me is not an issue and actually preferable , since I figure that any bugs or issues with the tool wil have been thoroughly worked out . I was wrong this time around . I rarely have need for a router in my hobby woodworking shop , but when I do need one it must be dependable and functional . The PC 7529 is neither.The one plunge post where it attaches to the metal base portion seemed to be loose right from the box , as it always wanted to push the black plastic base portion away from the metal base portion and make an angled cut . After tapping it back up into place several times and it riding back down , I permanently assigned it to the router table.After the 2nd time using it in the router table , I had to literally clamp the ON/OFF handle trigger in the ON position with a bar clamp to keep it running . The height adjustment while installed in Porter Cable 's aluminum router/shaper table , is a royal pain although not impossible . Horsepower seems sufficient and runs smoothly when it stays running , but based on my experience with the 7529 I can not recommend this model , nor would I ever own one again . PC needs to issue an official recall on this model .
 I ordered this router by mail . Plunge is jerky . I used this thing to make a 14 '' pie crust tea tray . I cut two 1/2 '' circles with it and now it does n't work . Never dropped or abused in any way . I barley used it enough to get it dusty . buy something else , this one is junk .
 I got sick of using the standard pitcher filtration method and decided to get a faucet mount . I had to contact Brita right away for a whole new system because it would n't stop leaking , even WITH the plethora of extra metal connectors they sent to me . Already , the system was a pain.We never WERE able to use it without it leaking all over the place , but I guess that 's the price you pay for clean drinking water . The straw that broke the camel 's back was when the dial on the side became too difficult to turn . I have mobility problems , and I could no longer switch between tap and filtered water . I tried to take the unit apart to clean the buildup and could n't even get the pieces unscrewed . I threw the whole thing in the garbage and ordered a Culligan FM-15A Level 3 Faucet Filter . BEST decision I ever made.Stay away from this faucet mount . It was cheap at WalMart , but NOT worth the frustration .
 If you need to use one of the plastic adapters to install the unit , the entire unit will be held in place by approximately 2 threads of plastic . Turn on the water and the pressure will blow the unit off the faucet.If you call customer service like I did , you 'll navigate the voice mail menu and finally receive a message to call back later . Dial tone . Just a badly engineered product with poor support .
 You will be lucky indeed if this product lasts a year before either it starts leaking or the aereater breaks off . I made a big mistake when I thought I would save money by buying a multi pack of replacement filters . I 've ended up purchasing two additional faucet mounts just to use up the filters . On the positive side , Customer Service is very cooperative about sending replacement parts when it breaks in less than a year .
 after a failed pur water filter i tried this one . like someone else the filter would pop off once water pressure built up and it leaked at the faucet . I will be returning this one right away .
 I had a Brita water filter for over 15 years and it was great ... so when it needed replacing I went with the same brand - and I am VERY disappointed ... after just a few months the lever will not completely turn the water either way ... some continues to either come out the filter when it is on faucet or out of the faucet when it is on filter . In addition the light that is suppose to indicate whether to change the filter shows green when there is no filter in the system , but when you put the filter in the light turns kind of a dark gray so you ca n't tell if it is red or green ... I suppose I will use it until the new filter I have is used , but I doubt I will buy another Brita product
 We have had the BRITA water filter for over a year and have had issues with it from the start ! It has been the most irritating appliance to work in our house ... 1 . It was extremely difficult to screw and tighten all parts onto our faucet because the pieces were so small and poorly designed , I was n't even sure I did it correctly , and I 'm a girl so I do n't even have big hands2 . The knob used to go between filtered and unfiltered water is small and difficult to turn ... Do n't even try to use it if you have lotion on your hands . It has taken all of our strength to maneuver this stupid knob most days and half the time we gave up . -LRB- IMAGINE TRYING TO OPEN A PICKLE JAR 10 TIMES A DAY WITH LITTLE SUCCESS -RRB- 3 . WHO KNOWS WHEN THE FILTER NEEDED TO BE CHANGED ... OUR BUTTON IS STILL GREEN ! 4 . When is becomes loose -LRB- every month or so -RRB- good luck trying to screw it back on tightly ... Just get used to having 3 streams of water going at all times ... One of them is sure to be filtered!PUR :1 . The washers/adapters are large enough to hold and screw in easily2 . The filter body CLICKS IN !!!! NO TIGHTENING REQUIRED3 . THE FILTER KNOB IS SUPER EASY TO MANEUVER AND AN ACTUAL LIGHT -LRB- either green yellow or red -RRB- BLINKS A FEW TIMES AT THE BEGINNING OF EVERY USE TO TELL U THE STATUS OF UR FILTER4 . Visually it looks way nicer than BRITA .
 The waterflow was more of a spray instead of a smooth solid stream.The filtering result was very satisfactory tho . changing the filter was easy , which I liked .
 I 've gone through 4 of these in about 5 years . Why do I go back ? Because the competitors are equally crappy . Basically , they 'll do one of several things
 I bought this faucet mount to replace my old Brita on Tap filter system , which worked great . However , this new product is NOT up to the same standards . I do not have high water pressure in my apartment , but even so , this new unit immediately started leaking and spraying water EVERYWHERE . I attempted to tighten the connector all the way to remedy the situation , but even this would not fix the problem . I immediately took it off the faucet and returned it . What a piece of junk !
 The worse part of this is not its shoddy construction , tendency to leak , short usable lifespan or ridiculously difficult to operate switch - it 's the way the filtered water sprays out in six different directions ! Seriously you ca n't get all the water into a single cup or fill a bottle without standing there holding it up next to the filter . And forget about filling the kettle - it 's impossible , unless you pick on of the six streams and just let the other five go down the drain . Worst filter design EVER . How hard is it to make a faucet where the water goes straight down ?!
 I had this filter for about 3 weeks , during which it worked well . There were a few times where water leaked from the connections , but it 'd be a few small drops and then it 'd stop . Then one morning I turned the faucet on full pressure and the entire system -LRB- even the adapter -RRB- popped off the faucet , spraying water everywhere . It 's now impossible to reattach ; every time I screw it back on , all of the water leaks/sprays out of the top and nothing even makes it through the filter . I can only guess that the threads are completely ruined , making it a hopeless endeavor to try to fix .
 My first Brita 3514 only worked well for about a month , then it started to leak , and the selector was difficult to turn . I did get to install a second filter and got perhaps half the life out of it before it did n't work at all . For some foolish reason I bought a second Brita , and am now throwing this out , it did n't last as long as the first one ! The second one leaks through the filter release button and the base attached to the faucet .
 If you buy this , save yourself potential headache and IMMEDIATELY call the Brita 800 # and ask for metal connectors . I have n't had success keeping the connection tight without the metal ones . The cheap plastic connectors included in the original package are almost guaranteed to fail . Brita must know this ... I wish they would fix this problem and just include the metal ones standard .
 After connecting this unit I found that an increase in water pressure caused the unit to pop off at the threads . I 'm not talking about a lot of pressure here either . It appears that the orifice used to channel the water up thru the filter is too small which in turn builds up a lot of back pressure . Also the few times that I got it to work , I had to slooowly run the water . This is a really bad design . The last unit I had was a Teledyne and worked great , I just could n't find filters for it . I guess I 'll buy the one from Pur and see what happens.Follow-up
 We bought this to replace the Pur Flavor Options filter when it bit the dust -LRB- leaking and spraying and impossible to install properly -RRB- after a year of use . The first thing my husband told me when he installed it is that it 's held together by plastic threaded pieces and you ca n't overtighten it or it will pop the threads and fall apart . He was very unimpressed . Well , within two or three days of installing it , I accidentally bumped the filter while swinging the faucet from one side of our double-sink to the other . Sure enough , just that small movement loosened the threads and now we can no longer tighten them down enough to make a good seal . Water sprays out of the top of the unit -LRB- and onto us and the counters -RRB- every time we turn it on , whether for filtered or unfiltered water . The knob to switch between Brita water and tap water is also more difficult to turn than I think it should be . It feels awkward and I 'm always afraid that just the movement of turning that knob is going to loosen the filtration unit even more . As soon as we can find the receipt , this thing is going back to Lowes . I 've always loved Brita products but this is a big disappointment .
 Do n't waste your money on this - unless you want carpal tunnel syndrome in your wrist due to how terribly difficult it is to switch from filtered to non filtered water . Tried lubricating it with no luck .
 The unit keeps blowing off of the faucet ... we took it off.And now we ca n't remove the adapter . Pissed as HELL!never again .
 Its ridiculous . Really . I am an able-bodied 33 year old , and I cant switch it from water to filtered without using a towel over the horrible little knob . Giant disappointment .
 This works for about a month . If you use water on a daily basis , your filter wo n't even last a month ! Also , the plastic piece that screws onto the faucet , between the bottom of that piece and the housing , water leaks constantly . It gets loose after a couple of months and water leaks everywhere , the back , the front , the sides . Also , where the filter attaches to the housing leaks too . This is a terrible product . I bought a cheaper metal one of another brand that worked much better . Save your money . The metal fittings wo n't make any difference because the water leaks out in other places . I bought 2 and they both did the same thing .
 I purchased this filter and noticed that the water was n't getting as clear as the PUR filter I once owned . Secondly , the filter keeps popping off and leaking when I turn on the water creating a big mess with water spraying all over the place . What a waste of money !
 The Brita 35214 model faucet filters are a piece of junk -- Brita should recall the whole batch of them and offer customers a refund . I bought two of the units and both started to leak and squirt water within two months . The water does taste good , but getting water all over the sink counter top is not worth it !! Product is not recommended !!
 I have had two of these things . Both had started to badly leak after 4 months -LRB- tops -RRB- . Plus very difficult to get this thing on . Not very well made -LRB- or perhaps they are made to breakdown quickly - who knows -RRB- . Avoid at all costs .
 Seems to filter fine but is made to eventually strip its threads so that you have to buy another one .
 I returned this filter after only a few days . It leaked from the start and , what 's worse , the entire unit kept popping off my faucet whenever I 'd turn the water on . Needless to say , water was flying everywhere . The reason ? It comes with a cheap plastic adapter that only has 2 threads on it . This is what is supposed to hold the unit to the faucet . Another annoyance is that the valve to switch between filtered and unfiltered water is not easy to turn . To replace the Brita I got a Pur unit with the LED light . It does n't leak , it stays on the faucet , the valve is easy to turn , and above all , it comes with a metal adapter .
 You have to have the water on all the way to keep this thing from leaking out of the sides everywhere else . I thought the smaller size would be better , but apparently I was wrong . I 'll go back to the other higher priced filter when this one breaks .
 Mine leaked from the beginning , when the valve is in filter position it dribbled water from the main outlet as well . Mine did not squirt water though , as another reviewer 's did . The valve is also somewhat inconvenient to turn compared to other models and other brands . I have since switched to another brand where the filter unit turns to turn on the filter , it is much more convenient to use , and does not leak a drop .
 Brita has finally upgraded this filter to include metal threads as part of the filter system itself . Gone are the days of the system popping off the faucet and showering your kitchen with water.Now the bad , the water flow for the non-filtered setting is barely more than the filtered setting . Good for those that want to conserve water , but bad for those that like to wash dishes .
 This is seriously the worst thing I have ever spent money on . I have no idea why they sell these , they do not work AT ALL . NOT ONLY will I never experience filtered water through this horrible connection that will NEVER fit right , but after AN HOUR AND A HALF of concentrated effort , my sink is now shredded to bits and I ca n't even get the regular piece on that I took off to install the filter in the first place . Some people say it works better with the metal adaptation , WELL THEN WHY THE HECK DONT THEY INCLUDE THE PIECE YOU ABSOLUTELY MUST HAVE TO MAKE IT WORK !?!?!?!?! What a horrible product , I can not believe someone has the nerve to put this on the market . That is the meantest thing I have ever heard of short of giving the Native Americans blankets laced with smallpox .
 I am more than finished with this product and the entire company . I 've had numerous faucet systems continuously pop off the faucet . I 'm going to give the PUR faucet filtration system a try today ! Do n't waste your money on this system . It continually falls off the faucet soaking your face and clothes with sprays of water !
 I purchased this product without researching it first , so shame on me . It is just a poorly designed , poorly made , cheap piece of junk . It recently fell off my faucet as I was hand-washing a bowl I was fond of , smashing it to pieces . I am in the market for a new filter .
 This is an awful product ; the lever is so hard to turn that I 'm avoiding it and using unfiltered water . Also , the light indicator is on top of the unit and not visible unless I stand on my toes and look straight down . Save your money and buy another brand .
 Filters water like it should , but . . If you want to turn this on , you have to have it set to normal water flow first . If it 's set to filter when you turn it on , the filter shoots off like a rocket and sprays water everywhere . Sometimes it gently pops off , sometimes it slams into the cabinets above my sink . I honestly think this thing could knock out a tooth if you were standing over it .
 This system only lasted for a few months . It was great at taking the chlorine out of my water , but the design is seriously flawed . After not too long the switch to turn the filter on and off got stiff . I had to force it to turn with pliars for a month or two before the thing began to leak so badly that I had to throw it away . Also , this does n't fit every faucet type .
 This is it . Throwing mine away . When I open the faucet too much , the whole filter pops off with the pressure . When I have to turn the -LRB- very hard -RRB- switch , I sometimes pull the whole filter off and get angry . I broke a couple of wine glasses I was washing because of this - so the cost is already much higher than buying a good filter . Third problem
 Purchased system at Walmart for around $ 16 . Oddly enough , new filters for this system cost more the system itself , again at Walmart . Purchased in October 2010 , replaced filter twice and finally repurchased system again since it was cheaper than the filter.This thing does make city water taste a bit better but it only does that unexceptionally . Besides the mediocre filtration , the system has numerous flaws . The filter pops off intermittently spraying water everywhere . Further , their are numerous leakages throughout the system so water does not always come out filtered because it leaks out the edges . I followed the filter installation instructions exactly and the problem still occurs . Again , we 've owned two of the core systems and multiple filters . This is n't an isolated incident but just evidence that the system is simply a POS . Further , the indicator that displays the remaining filter life is a joke and simply does not work . The filter itself lasts for a very short period of time . Usually 4 to 6 weeks at the most . In the past , we had a PUR that would go 10 to 12 weeks with the same filter specs as this Brita.The individuals that designed this product should be ashamed .
 As many others mentioned , I had same problem . The cheap plastic base connect always caused leaking problem . I called brita and they replaced . Several weeks after other leaking from the replaced one . I called and they asked me to mailing defected filter system to them . I sent them months ago and verified that they received the defected filter system . I called again because I did not received a replacement . As I called again , they said I need to wait until USPS verified that the mail is lost or mailed wrong address . I asked if it has tracking # . Brita said no just regular mail . I aksed how to track the mail . The supervisor said no way but can not send any other one .
 Turning the switch to the filter and non filter is a real pain in the hand.Threw it in the thrash today.Then got pur and its easier to turn and now im happy .
 The connection to the faucet is dicey ... not a lot of room on those threads . Worse , I am presently searching for other brands because the lever to turn the filtered water off and on is stunningly awkward and hard to manage . You must have strong `` pincher '' fingers and the slightest slipperiness spells doom ... you will need a dish towel or cloth to help you turn the `` switch '' -- it 's just too small to easily turn . What were they thinking when they tested this model ? Also , the green light/red light indicator for a saturated filter has never worked . C'mon , Brita . You can do better . As far as I know , the quality of the water is fine ; it tastes okay ; makes good coffee .
 We bought this to replace our old Brita faucet filter that had started leaking and was in general worn out after a few years of use . This thing sucked from Day 1 . I do n't even have to use the plastic connecters with our faucet ... it directly attaches to it , but it still leaks no matter how well it 's on . The mesh on the inside got entirely warped the first time I attached it to the faucet and tightened it because it does not fit well . The knob on the side does not easily turn either so I almost feel like I 'm pulling the filter off just trying to turn it . I wish I had n't tossed our old one right away . : -LRB-
 After about 10 days ' use , the unfiltered hot tap water became cloudy . While washing dishes I noticed that the glass I was rinsing had filled with cloudy water ; I was unable to see the tip of my finger in the glass ! Cold water -LRB- filtered and unfiltered -RRB- was clear , but while using hot unfiltered water for dishes , the water continued to be cloudy . After removing the filter assembly , the hot water coming from the tap was perfectly clear.When using the filter , I detected no difference in the taste , smell or appearance of my water . Before returning the unit , I had actually continued buying bottled drinking water.Quick note
 The plastic threads immediately get stripped , no matter how careful you are . Despite trying washers and teflon tape , I still have no luck using this without having it shoot streams of water from the sides.Very bad design .
 I just bought one of these at the local grocery store and after a lot of fumbling around I was finally able to attach the base to the faucet . However , when I tried to attach the filter to the base it would n't lock in place and when I turned the water on it popped off and water went everywhere . Needless to say I 'll be returning it .
 I have used Brita for many years , and last year after I moved to a new place I bought the only model they had in store . Quickly after I bought it I regretted the moment . It is hard and annoying trying to switch between filtered and non-filtered water . What was the designer thinking ?
 I 've long been a fan of faucet-mounted filters and have used Brita in the past . However , after moving cross country and forgetting to bring our last filter with us , we bought the 35214 for the new house . I was a bit skeptical about the indicator , because I really loved the flashing LED on the last Brita we had . I should 've listened to my intuition . Most days , it was difficult to see what it was showing . The worst part about this filter , though , is the switch . I should n't have to twist the switch with the force it takes to remove machine-tightened lug nuts off a car tire . The entire filter is just designed so poorly that it 's not worth it . Either buy a different model from Brita or get a different brand all together .
 The system worked great for a month or two , and then started popping off the threads . When you have it on the filtered water setting , any increase in water pressure beyond a trickle caused it to fall off the faucet . You can only hand-tighten it so much before it goes full circle and becomes loose again . And I 've tried the grip tape that others have suggested , with no luck . Waste of money ...
 Became so difficult to switch the faucet from regular to filtered water . At first it was fine , but after a few months the switch was such a pain to turn off and on . I have pains in my hand because I continued to use this for a while even after it became difficult , my doctor said it was probably tendonitis . I plan to call Brita and complain , what a crappy product .
 I was disappointed with the product ... I used this filtration system before and it started leaking after 4 months ... Without giving up faith on Brita i went ahead and bought a new piece on Amazon ... But the package that was sent to me was missing the right screw on adjustment for the faucet ... They were supposed to have the screw on adjustments in two sizes to fit all faucets but my package had both of the same kind and they did not fit my faucet ... When i called Brita customer service there was just no option to talk to a customer service person ... my phone call kept automatically being cut rudely in the middle ... WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER !!!!!!!!!!! Ended up putting some plumbers tape on the faucet to force fit the unit onto it ... Once the new one starts leaking and i am sure it will soon i will switch to another better brand ... I do not recommend Brita Faucet Filtration Unit to anybody ... Unless you have a lot of time on your hands to make futile phone calls to them ...
 This product does work and produces great tasting water -- for a while . I thought maybe we 'd done something to make it leak , but a guest said his did the same thing in about the same amount of time -LRB- approx 8 months -RRB- . There 's a part of the filter assembly that becomes loose and leaks , and then eventually squirts water all over the place . There is no way to fix it.We wo n't be buying this brand again .
 I have had this model Brita Faucet filter for about 9 months . I bought it and it came with two filters and I purchased and additional 4 filters - not realizing that it was a bad design and almost impossible to turn the knob when switching between filtered and un-filtered water . I did not have the problem most have seemed to have with the plastic fittings not securing the unit to the faucet ... actually I have the stock connectors and I must be lucky because to turn the knob I have to apply so much pressure it is no wonder it has not completely fallen apart ! Do yourself a favor and if you buy any faucet unit get one that has a larger and more ergonomic control knob . Once my filters are gone this will go right into the trash and I will switch to Pure , Culligan or anything OTHER than Brita . I have to believe that Brita has received endless complaints on this design and to still see it being manufactured this way almost a year later is proof Brita is clueless and has quality issues . This unit is garbage !
 Dont buy this version . Pay a little more and get the next step up . This tap is hard to switch between regular water and filtered water . It gets stuck and is very frustrating . There other version works better .
 For the first couple of months , it works okay.The knob became very hard and impossible to turn.I have purchased the replacement filters but I did n't need them cause the knob had a trouble before the original filter is gone.I definitely recommend Brita 42622 or 42201 , 42633 which has different knob design.I recently purchased Brita 42633 with black and chrome color . The knob is much better to turn and works perfect so far .
 I have this filter - while it filters just fine and mine has never fallen off , the knob has become impossible to turn after only 4 months or so and I actually have to use a wrench to turn it . I will be upgrading ASAP
 This is my review of the product -LRB- Brita 35214 Faucet Filtration system -RRB- its a water filter so nothing special about it , easy to install andreplace the cartridge but there are some flaws like.-Cartridge replace indicator is not clear -LRB- Not LED -RRB- - if you have a strong water pressure expect water will come outnear the filter.-One major I do n't like with this filter is the knob , it needsredesigning , the more you use it the more harder to twist , andcurrently I am using pliers to twist the knob coz its alreadygave me a sprain in my wrist.-I end up buying a new brand with a knob that easy to twistand will not sprain my wrist , I 'm just waiting for my britafilter runs outI do n't recommend this product although it function asintended .
 I bought this filter ~ 2 years ago and after 4 months it started leaking all over the place . Returnedit for a replacement and that one also started leaking under one year . The leaks occur from multiple locations but not at thehookup to faucet . After reading other reviews , it appears that this filter is know for leaking because it ca n't handle the water pressure . I read that the Culligan FM-15A is much better for the same cost .
 I have used Brita water filtration systems for years , but , I am extremely disappointed with this last one I purchased . For some reason the dial to switch between regular tap water and the filtered water does n't turn off completely the one you do n't want to use . This has become a hassle . Frankly , I have been doing some comparisons with a few of the other faucet water filtration brands and it appears that NONE are very good . Just too many complaints .
 Brita 35214 Base Faucet Filtration SystemHaving bought several different brands and models of faucet water filters over the years , none have held up to extended use , and all failed . But this model is the worst ever , trashed it today . No more faucet mounted water filters for me.This model is very-very hard to turn on and off , leaks , always seemed to be in the way , indicator never turned red , even after months of use , and the replacement cost of filters is outrageous.I ca n't recommend this product to anyone .
 As with the other reviews , the included plastic inserts are worthless , but even beyond that , once you fix that problem , its still not exactly a good piece of equipment.When its on unfiltered water , it comes out like its all blocked up with jets at weird angles and such.The knob is oily smooth and can be difficult to turn , it should have been textured.The button on the back , water shoots out of it whether you are on the filtered or unfiltered selection after a few seconds of operation , means you get unfiltered water dripping exactly where you put your cupThe filters tend to not seem to stay very ` secure ' , but they do n't pop off , just seems cheap.I got mine at Walmart , was like $ 12 , the filters cost more than the whole thing , but given that it fails to do any of its very basic tasks well enough to , you know , work right , spend an extra $ 5 - $ 10 and get something else , I 'll be replacing it with something a bit more high end .
 After I had tried a Pur faucet filter that started spraying water after only about a couple of weeks , I decided to buy the more expensive Brita faucet filter , because some friends of mine have had theirs for years , and it works great . Little did I know that the `` new '' design - knob in place of a slider , like theirs has , - was so bad that the tiny piece was very difficult to use to switch from unfiltered water to filtered and back , and what 's worse , after 2 or 3 weeks it became impossible to turn altogether . It just does n't work . Even my husband , who 's 6ft , 200 lbs , ca n't do it.Why did Brita have to change the old design ? Indeed , do n't try to improve what 's good ... Do n't buy this product , you 'll be throwing money to the wind !
 We got this filter , and it 's simply pathetic.Firstly it sprays water in all possible directions , it is a mission turning the leaver up and down , and we just got rid of it now .
 I had a BRITA faucet filtration unit before . It was inferior , but worked somehow . The filtering position was spraying water in ~ 6 streams instead of one direct stream . That was an inconvenience , which I had to put up with for several months . Then I bought a new model -LRB- why make a new model if older one works somehow , or , why make things worse ? much worse ... -RRB- , was forced to buy a new one , again for over $ 20 because I could not find a replacement filter for the `` old '' one -LRB- sounds like a con ? -RRB- . When I placed a new one on the faucet , and I mean I put it on really carefully and perfectly , the thing -LRB- oh what a joke !!! -RRB- started `` pumping up '' like a balloon and sprayed water in more than 16 dimensions and directions , literally . I thought I did not install it properly , but , OH WHAT A JOKE , I did ! I did install it properly . Even their phone support confirmed that I did , indeed , install it properly . This thing is intentionally made lame , and the support admitted that over the phone . And guess what BRITA support suggested to me - if this `` product '' does not work for you , buy another BRITA identical or buy a different BRITA product ! As if there IS one ! BRITA - never again . Do n't waste your time sending me anything to fix this JOKE ! This is clearly a case of Planned Obsolescence . It is practiced a lot by many companies lately .
 First got this back in May 2011 , by September all the seals were gone , it leaks like hell and it does n't stay attached to my faucet anymore . The valve is designed for Gorillas who have ridiculously strong grip , because the lever is about the diameter of a dime and it 's somewhat triangular shape so you ca n't get any leverage on the LEVER . HORRIBLE JUNK ! DO NOT BUY ! I normally do research on items before I buy them but in this case I did n't and I took a chance . I got burned ! I normally do n't post reviews angry but this one deserves it!Pros : Great ideaeasy setup -LRB- for the most part -RRB- CheapConsBulkyCHEAPPlastic threadspoor sealssmall valve leverplasticand everything else about it .
 Easy to install , and water tastes great , but the little switch to control the filter is nearly impossible to turn ... it 's so small so there is no leverage . It was kind of tolerable in the beginning but after 3 months became VERY difficult . My girlfriend ca n't turn it at all , and I can if I try as hard as I can . I 've had two units and they both had this problem . Unless you have hurculean stregth , I 'd avoid this .
 This does make the tap water taste much better . However the switch is so hard to turn I 've been using a wrench to turn it . That 's a little ridiculous in my book . I wonder if it 's a ploy by Brita to make you go through your filters faster , after all it 's easier just to leave the filter on . Do yourself a favor and buy another product .
 Leaks bad.When it starts leaking ... BEWARE !! It will soon just POP right off the faucet , and spray water everywhere.Cheap product , and what 's worse is , I saw this at Home Depot for $ 14.00 . I paid $ 35.00 for mine at Ace Hardware.What a rip-off !
 We 've been using Brita faucet filters for a few years , and two months ago I installed the latest one . We have a simple Moen kitchen faucet spout , with outside threading . Seems to be a standard size , as I 've used generic aerators on it before . Never needed any adapter before for Brita , had no problem before with Brita filters -LRB- or any other brand of filter system -RRB- . For some reason , the water pressure seems to build unevenly , and , without warning , blow off the whole filter mount . Yep , it shoots right into the sink with a bang . Never had this happen before . We do n't have high water pressure in the kitchen faucet or anywhere in the house . And who has time to let the water trickle slowly enough to keep the filter from popping off ? Sheesh.Read online about metal adapters that could be ordered from Brita , so I went through the automated phone system and ordered one . Not sure if this will work with our particular faucet . I could not find any mention of this fix on the Brita site/support , so I assume Brita does n't want it broadcast that the filter can and does pop off some faucets . -LRB- At least , this latest model . As stated , I 'm a previous Brita owner and this is the first time I 've encountered this malfunction . -RRB- I 've read quite a few complaints online about the Brita faucet mount filter leaking/popping off , so I 'm annoyed that Brita has n't done something about this -- either make an adapter part of the kit or change the design so it is n't required . Again , I 'm not sure the adapter will work , as I read comments from someone with a Moen faucet who said they got the adapter and it still did n't work correctly . Trying the adapter is my last option , however . After this , I switch to a different brand , even though I 'll eat the cost of several Brita filters I have on hand.Naturally , my filter popped off robustly and with jarring surprise all day/evening Thanksgiving when it was most needed . Everyone took turns trying to `` fix '' it . Nothing says holiday fun like a kamikaze water filter and water splashing everywhere . :--RRB- -LRB- `` On the tenth day of Christmas , my true love gave to me , ten Britas leaping ... '' -RRB-
 This product clogs in about a week w / all the sediments clogging up the filter quickly . I do n't mind letting it drip slowly after sediment clog up , except it wo n't even drip normally in a straight line . The filtered water runs in all different directions along the base and water ends up dripping left , right , center - all over the place . You ca n't even catch the water evenly . Poor design , lousy product . You 'll get better performance in the brita filter pitcher and filter will surely last much longer , and probably drip quicker too .
 This is my second one of these filters . The first one I bought back in 2005 and the faucet I was using at the time did n't require the adapter . I ended up giving that one to my sister when I moved since my new place had a refrigerator with cold filtered water . Eventually I decided I wanted another one of these for making large pitchers of iced tea so I bought another one a couple months ago . This time my faucet did require the adapter and therein lies the problem . The adapter they provide is plastic and does not hold up to normal use . In fact , as soon as I installed it , it was clear that it would n't hold up . Now , I 'm a bit of a packrat and I happened upon a plastic bag while cleaning out a junk drawer drawer that contained the adapters from my original filter purchased five years earlier . To my surprise it was metal and after swapping the parts , it is now solid as a rock ! I guess sometime in the last six years they decided to save a few pennys and switch to plastic.If you are considering purchasing this product my advice is to check your faucet to see if you will need the adapter and if you do , I would buy a different product -LRB- although I 've heard Pur has the same problem -RRB- . You might be able to find the metal adapter at a hardware store or I have read that Brita will send you the metal adapter if you contact them and request it.I hope this helps anyone considering buying this product.Cheers , ~ Tony
 I rather like their filtering pitcher , but the on-faucet filter is a piece of junk . Why ?? It blows off the faucet , right out of the box.I called Brita , & they sent a bunch of adapters . Still blew itself off the faucet , twice in a night . The problem , was , the filter would not tighten on the adapters . If the screw-on part was metal , NO PROBLEM , I am certain , because the -LSB- PUR -RSB- filter it was supposed to replace -- two years + old , & finally leaking around the seams -- has a metal attaching apparatus . Will have to continue using it , until I can find a replacement.Thank goodness , for Amazon 's excellent returns policy .
 This system was great for a while . The threads did n't strip like others have stated , but eventually , just a month out of warranty , water started leaking from the back of the unit . Now , only half the makes it through the system into the cup .
 dont buy this , it is practically impossible to change from filtered to unfiltered with the small , tight nob . It is also very loud and makes a screeching sound when water is in non-filtered mode .
 I am currently using my second piece of Faucet filtration system . The first one died after a few months and i thought i should give it another shot since it does take the bad taste out of water . A few months into using my second piece , i started having the same problem again ! Essentially the entire unit will pop off the faucet . As highlighted by several others , the threads are poorly made and wears out easily . I have resorted to using parafilm strips to lace the threads so as to make the grip better . It works better but still pops every now and then.Once I use up my remaining 2 filters , this trash is going straight to where it belongs ...
 Porter Cable 42000 Template Guide KitI 've had a 42000 template guide kit since the mid 1990 's . The set works OK , but my advice is to buy another brand . The P/C kit comes in a cheap & fragile hard plastic case that must have cost all of ten cents to make and the components are held in place with inexpensive cardboard separators . In addition , after a dozen years or so , every component in my set had corroded terribly -- the metal looked similar to very old aluminum storm windows , pits and all . It 's not clear why this happened , since they 've never been outside the basement workshop , and no other tools corroded . The corrosion caused significant resistance when screwing on the lock-nuts . Steel wool reduced the roughness of the corrosion , but the pieces still look dreadful.The three largest guides in the P/C set are too long for numerous dovetail jigs , such as the Leigh jig . It 's possible to modify them to work with these jigs , by hack-sawing the excess length off the offending guides , flatten the cut end on a grinder and sanding the edge smooth . A no-cost approach.If you want steel guides , the Milwaukee 's 49-54-0700 set comes with a nice case , and the steel finish looks a whole lot better than P/C 's . Unfortunately , the three largest guides in the Milwaukee set are also too long for many dovetail jigsIn any case , brass is a better material for guides than steel , because brass is easier on a rotating router bit if it ever touches a guide . Once , near a day 's end of routing doors for hinges , my template 's locking ring came loose , allowing the guide to touch the spinning bit , and the locking ring to rub against the router-bit lock nut . Since the guide and ring were brass , no noticeable damage to the bit or router occurred . Had I been using any steel template with a steel locking ring , the bit or router could have been damaged . Try `` brass router template '' via Goggle - and buy a kit made of solid brass , in a decent case , for less money than this set . Also check out the Woodstock International H3134 Brass Bushing set at Amazon .
 I prefer brass . The Porter Cable guides are fine , they install easily , center easily , and perform flawlessly , , Most of the time . Just once in a while though , they fail completely . Steel , no matter how you protect it , will eventually corrode . Mine turned white and rusted , not all over , but on one side or the other . My guides often get removed from the case and hauled out to the job-sites while attached to the router . Early , foggy mornings and those sudden summer-time cloud bursts , expose my tools to far more of the elements than I like . So maybe , , it 's my fault . But brass just has n't let me down yet.Search `` brass template guide set '' and be amazed at the difference in price and the fact of the quality of these `` no-brand '' guides . Occasionally you may need to shine them up a little , but being solid brass , that 's not a big problem . I 've used both steel and brass on door hinge templates , dovetail templates , stair tread templates and strike plate templates . Brass just slides easier , smoother . On dovetail templates , especially plastic and soft aluminum the brass guides show less wear on the surfaces that the guides contact.I 'm sorry P.C. , , , I ca n't recommend these guides.I saw a review with a problem , the steel guides were too long and reached past the bottom of the dovetail template . With brass you can simply file the guide down to size to get the right length . Simple .
 The kit that I received did not appear to be cast as some of the Porter Cable sets apparently have been , but they may use stamping in their manufacturing process because they are obviously not `` machined '' -LRB- as in cut on a lathe -RRB- . However , I found that these steel guides do not work nearly as smoothly as brass guides such as those available from Oak Park . The reason may be the cadmium plating does n't seem to be very smooth . The brass guides are quite a bit more expensive but are very well machined . When I bought my Leigh D4 Dovetail fixture , I was advised by the Leigh rep at the woodworking show to not use the PC guides . Leigh can supply guide sets that are very high quality machined steel . I bought the Leigh guides and found that they are just as good as the Oak Park brass guides , but I still prefer brass for its smoothness .
 This kit came with seven different sized guides and two threaded rings to attach the guides to the router 's base plate . The guides seem to be sized correctly but the general quality of the guides is rather poor . The pieces are advertised as `` MACHINED '' , but are obviously NOT machined as the threads on all the pieces are showing signs of either casting or stamping . While the locking nuts DID thread onto each guide easily , it was discerning to see something with PORTER CABLE 'S name on it with such obvious flaws . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The kit that I received did not appear to be cast as some of the Porter Cable sets apparently have been , but they may use stamping in their manufacturing process because they are obviously not `` machined '' -LRB- as in cut on a lathe -RRB- . However , I found that these steel guides do not work nearly as smoothly as brass guides such as those available from Oak Park . The reason may be the cadmium plating does n't seem to be very smooth . The brass guides are quite a bit more expensive but are very well machined . When I bought my Leigh D4 Dovetail fixture , I was advised by the Leigh rep at the woodworking show to not use the PC guides . Leigh can supply guide sets that are very high quality machined steel . I bought the Leigh guides and found that they are just as good as the Oak Park brass guides , but I still prefer brass for its smoothness .
 I purchased this product , specifically , to use with the Leigh D4 Dovetail Jig because I wanted to use half-inch router bits to cut the pins and tails in a through-dovetail operation . When doing this the end of the board to be routed rests at a 90-degree angle against the underside of the dovetail jig . What I discovered is that the templete guides are too long for this operation -- they descend lower than the dovetail jig fingers . Of course , the board can be lowered to accomodate for the difference , but then there is no support for the finger assembly , resulting in unevenly-cut dovetails . This set of template guides is not the answer if you are looking to route dovetails using the Leigh D4 Dovetail Jig . You will want to find template guides that complement the jig without having to make unneeded adjustments.This is in no way meant to criticize this product for normal routing operations . Again , I purchased this product for a very specific task and subsequently found that it was not the right tool for that task .
 I 'm a huge Porter-Cable fan and I was disappointed in these bushings . I feel that the plastic case they came in was cheap . Also the bushings were n't labeled on the actual bushings just on the plastic container . For the money I would recommend searching somewhere else for guide bushings .
 I appreciate everyone has an opinion based on their experience but I do n't see anything remotely current -- time wise ... Is there a reason for this ??? I 'm new at this router thing with a new PC 890 and want the best for the minor stuff I 'll be doing but relying on info from five years ago is not to be very revealing.Thanks .
 By the third or fourth time I had used this base , both handles had broken off . It seems to be a defect in the plastic . Users should be aware of this . I epoxied my handles back on and they seem to be holding , but this a potentially deadly problem .
 i haved used at least 5 of these routers and they work great right out of the box but the base becomes warped very quickly making it difficult to router properly especialy with flush cuting bits i have 6 years of full time wood working experiance and the last time i used one i messed up flush cuting because the base was not flat i would by the Bosch 1618B if u plan on using the router more than a few times because of the superior base
 My first battery lasted only 2 months before it became corroded while left in the cordless drill and almost ruined the drill . I since learned to remove the pak after each use . This is an ongoing problem with the pack itself . I spend more time cleaning the contacts then I do using the drill . Secondly , I can not find a store that sells placement packs , which I find very inconvinent . This has been my first experience with a Porter Cable product . I purchased this item based on rave reviews in Newsday -LRB- Long Island newspaper -RRB- . While NOT disappointed with the performance of this item , I am disappointed with the lack of available service and replacement parts .
 I ordered two batteries to replace the original units that came with my drill . When they arrived both showed signs of corrosion and leaking around the contacts .
 All 3 Porter Cable rechargable batteries I was sent from Amazon were defective . I would not recommend ordereing them from here .
 Yes its an edge guide , but geese PC could n't you have made this a little nicer than you did ? This guide works , but the casting is so rough -LRB- and flimsy -RRB- that it makes it hard to run the router smoothly along your work 's edge . It really is that bad . Compared to the BOSCH edge guide the PC is marginal at best . I modified mine with a phenolic -LRB- polyethelene -RRB- material cut to the same size as the guides , and used 3M double sided structural tape between the phenolic '' glides '' and the PC guides , and it works much better . Come on PC , I know you sell enough of the 690 series routers and accessories to justify some improvement .
 Instead of a PC product , this is more like a dirt cheap sand casting from a 3rd world country . The `` machining '' is just as crude to boot . For instance , the guide rods are not even parallel in both the vertical and horizontal planes . And those cheap thumbscrews need pliers to keep the thing from slipping . I like the router it goes on , but this thing is a complete waste of money .
 I 've had my speedmatic for a couple of years . It seemed to have a lot of power but would often freeze up while panel raising - even in MDF and making multiple passes . I hate the locking screw and it did eventually strip out just like every other PC router I 've owned . I found that a vice-grip C clamp worked better and faster . I also had the dust problem on the threads . I learned to remove it often from the base -LRB- table mounted -RRB- and dust it off and spray it with silicone . That seemed to help . I fried it last month while panel raising and had to go back to the small 691 model to finish up . I 've had the 691 for 10 years and ca n't seem to burn it up although the base -LRB- is not as high qualified -RRB- . PC offers a lump sum rebuild for -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- but I 'm not going to do it mainly for the principle of the matter . I think PC needs to do some updating . Their design is so last century.I bought a Bosch 3.25 this time .
 I have 35 routers . I owned and regulary used 7 Porter Cable routers , including 3ea . 7518s . All of the Porter Cable routers created a chattered result . The collet run-out vibration sometimes caused bits to loosen in the collet while routing . The motor arbors were fine , but all 7ea . 1/2 '' collets averaged .007 '' run-out at the top of a 1 1/2 double flutted bit . The bit was turned 180 dgrees and the collets retested at 180 dregrees , but the run-out remained the same . The worst had .015 '' run-out , so it was thown out . It 's a shame the collets were so short and gripped bits so poorly . I 'll be replacing them all .
 I 've been using this router for about a year now . I bought it as dedicated router for a fancy `` Norm Abrams '' style router table . I have used it a fair amount , and am sorry to report that it has not held up well , despite the fact I 've treated the tool with the utmost respect.The main problem is with the height adjustment . There 's a large `` screw-thread '' mechanism between the motor housing and the base that adjusts the bit height when the motor is rotated relative to the base . At the time I bought the router , other reviewers pointed out that as the motor heats up , the casing expands , making it difficult to adjust the bit height . There 's also a tendency for dust to get lodged within the space when it 's used upside down in a router table . This exacerbates the tendency for it to stick.Once it starts to stick , the soft aluminum housing begins to get scored . Once that happens , it gets scored some more , which causes it to stick some more , and so on ... At this point , I find it very difficult to adjust the bit height at all , and even more difficult to change bits while its mounted in the router table , since that requires the motor housing to be completely unscrewed from the base -LRB- unless I go through the tedious process of separating the router base from the router table -RRB- I can state with conviction that since I was aware of the potential for this problem before I bought the router , I 've treated it with great care . At the time I bought the tool I believed that with careful treatment and good sawdust hygiene , I would avoid the pitfalls the others had experienced . Time has proven me wrong however.It 's difficult to simply recommend against buying this router , since there are no other good choices for a great router table setup . In all other respects , it 's an outstanding router . It 's unbelievably smooth , and since it so heavy , it absorbs most of the bit vibration . This translates into an incredibly smooth , precise cut . And since it is immensely powerful , it 's possible to take deep cuts . In practice , it operates like something between a router and a shaper . Simply wonderful!So - would I buy it again for my router table setup ? Probably not . And for these reasons
 I bought this router thinking that it would have no problem cutting raised panels based on PC description of the product . When I received the router I tried cutting raised panels in red oak with a 3 1/2 '' panel cutter , the router stalled and had to be reset . I thought something was wrong with it so I called PC and they sent me a new one . It did the same thing . You 'll have to take at least 4 passes and even then chance burning the wood if you use this router . It worked great on all other bits except the large panel raiser , which is why I bought it . I could 've spent a whole lot less for a router to use with my smaller bits . When I contacted PC about the problem they informed me that that was the design of the router circuitry to stall if too much load was applied . Having to take 4 passes in red oak is a bit excessive . I 've had the router for 2 years and ready to throw it in the drawer and not use it .
 I bought this saw because I really like my DeWalt cordless drill . Unfortunately , I have been very unhappy with this product . But only for one reason , albeit important for a jigsaw.The blade chuck does not stay straight . Once the blade is secured in the chuck , it can still rotate . To cut a straight line , I have to hold the saw at an angle . When you twist it back to turn a corner , the blade chuck moves so you ca n't cut accurately.I am past the point of return / exchange , and newer models supposedly do n't have this problem , but I thought this would be helpful for anyone looking at this saw on the used market .
 I purchased one of this Model and it did n't have the quality that most of my Dewalt tools have . It would n't cut well as the blade shaft was misaligned and I kept the batteries and sold the saw in a yard sale . I really felt let down on this saw . I called customer service and got absolutely no help on the problem ! The Customer Service was Dewalt and not Amazon . Amazon has always been great on any problems!Live and learn!BJ
 This is a very old design that with its single tooth is not a well balanced hole cutter and I have used these with a hand drill only when there was no other choice . The hole cutters with 3 or more teeth have much better balance and cut more evenly and there is not all the jerking when a tooth catches . With only one high speed steel tooth the hole cutter dulls quickly if use on anything other than soft woods .
 This hole cutter consists of a couple of pieces of metal that is bent and the edges sharpened and coated with a layer of grit . It can cut sheetrock but it is not up to cutting plaster and if you have wood -LRB- paneling , T&G ; , lath -RRB- well forget about it . Worst part though is that as it spins it tosses the sheetrock dust all over the place so you still need to use googles and a dust mask and put down a drop cloth and afterwards haul out the vacuum and hope you can get all the dust up . I would rather use a jab saw and cut the hole out by hand and have less mess to deal with.Best hole cutter for holes in a ceiling you care about is one of the Hole Pro hole cutters with their shields that do n't spin and catch 100 % of the dust.Hole Pro X-230 Kit
 ... but I 'm going to claim the former . I had to cut a bunch of 6 1/2 '' holes for can lights , and based on Greenlee 's reputation , I sprung for this tool . Fortunately , I practiced on a scrap of drywall , and what a disaster . There 's not enough strength in the drywall to hold the pilot bit in position , so the entire `` saw '' -LRB- 2 blades -RRB- wanders all over . A beaver could have chewed a better hole than this made . I went out to Sears and bought a $ 4 drywall hole saw and made short work of the project . This 'll be on eBay shortly .
 Forget this item it is a waste of money . I ruined more ceiling tiles with this because it slips and does not cut a round hole it moves around causing a bad cut and also scraped many parts of the tile when cutting . I would recommend either using a hand saw or a rotozip over this worthless item .
 I had 10 cans to put in the ceiling , and tried this tool first . Instructions are very poor , but when I tried it , it did make a decent hole . Unfortunately my measurements were off by 1/2 inch , so the hole was not well centered.The biggest issue I had using it was in locating the exact center of where the hole should be . I only used it on that one hole . For the rest I used my Rotozip spiral cutter . Saw a video on Utube where a guy just did a plunge cut into the approximate location of the can , moved out till he felt it hit the outside , repositioned it outside the can , and then just felt his way around the can . It left a clean hole in exactly the right place in about 5 seconds . I tried it , and it was much faster , easier and left a tight hole . So that is how I did all the rest -LRB- and outlet boxes too -RRB- .
 Bought it some years back -LRB- at HD ? -RRB- , just used it :1 . Very short detent pins fit into dimples , providing 1/2 '' diameter adjustment increments . I 'd like to see a finer adjustment and am not sure the setting will hold .2 . Center hub is all one piece including the 1/8 '' pilot bit . So the center pivot is a 1/8 '' drill bit extending about 1-1/2 '' from the center hub to workpiece , which has to withstand any unbalanced forces from blades that have about 3 '' of leverage . And this is intended for use in a hand drill , above your head . I tried to be careful , however the pilot bit snapped off at the hub within 20 seconds and 1/8 '' into the first hole . There is no way to replace the pilot drill without buying a whole new center hub.I 'd consider a revised version with a 3/16 '' or 1/4 '' replaceable pilot drill , but wo n't be getting another of this one . NOT recommended .
 Bought this product at Home Depot . Needed it for ceiling light installations . Broke after 3 6 '' holes . Returned it , exchanged for another . Same thing ! Exchanged it again . Same thing . Really crappy product . Finally got through my install of and just returned it to Home Depot and never paid a dime in the end ... except in gas and time and frustration!A friend that does pro installs said he had the same problems when he needed a quickie replacement for his pro kit that got stolen.Some Green Lee products are inexpensive and work decently . Many of their products really do not . I think this company makes the `` baby 's first '' type kits and tools . You know ... guys fresh out of tech school that need equipment but can not afford the quality stuff . Tool by tool , they replacement this junk with better brand names as the pay checks roll in.For the consumer/home owner/DIYer , these items typically will be affordable and get you through the job but do not expect them to be intact when you are done.Green Lee = disposable .
 These slides are junk . I always thought that KV 8400 slides were the best economical slides on the market . Not so with these . The slide action is rough and the self close feature is a joke . I have been buying KV slides for over 30 years , this is the last set I will ever buy
 These are supposed to be 20x25x4 inch filters . They actually measure 19.5 x24 .5 x3 .5 , do n't fit where the 20x25x4 fits , leak air around the edges . Totally an unacceptable substitution for the real thing . The vendor should be ashamed of themselves . I tried one filter for 2 weeks and will NOT be purchasing these again . I 'll be using the brand name Honeywell filters in the future .
 These are decent air filters , but due to the appearance of the media I 'm 100 % sure that these are not MERV 12 air filters . The media look just like my MERV 8 filters , but really bothers me since they advertise them as MERV 12 . To top it off , nowhere in the filter or the box there is a MERV rating . Very suspicious indeed ... Also , I have a Honeywell air filter system in my house and these filters are just a tad too small . They do not seal perfectly and the filter was actually on top of one of the feedramps that keeps the filter in place . I did not measure the sides , but this filter is definitely not within the specification parameters . If I can get these at about 1/2 price of similar MERV 8 filters I might buy them again . If they are just a couple of dollars less than a more reputable filter I would definitely stay away from them and I recommend you do , too .
 I ordered these 20 `` x25 `` x4 '' filters in the hopes of saving some money vs. 3M filters purchased locally from Lowes , but it turned out the be a poor decision for three reasons :1 . The filters are NOT 20 `` x25 `` x4 '' -LRB- which is the normal dimension for a Honeywell HVAC system -RRB- . Although it is mentioned in the technical details -LRB- which I missed since they are far down in the item description -RRB- , I find it dishonest and misleading to advertise them as `` 20x25x4 '' in the header line .2 . The filters are seemingly much lower quality than a typical 3M filter I currently use . They weigh about half as much as a 3M and the filter element is about half the thickness , so I doubt they perform as well in particulate capture .3 . The filters were received damaged - the corner of the box was ripped and the first two filters crushed -LRB- wo n't seal in the HVAC system -RRB- . I already have a request back to Nordic Pure for a full refund - and I am hoping they do the right thing . I 'll go back to the brand names - they are worth the extra price .
 these are actually 3 1/4 inch or so , and did not fit my trane a/c . They are even a bit small around the outsides as well as too thin . tried to modify them a bit with cardboard and duct tape to no avail . Dropped them by goodwill and hope someone can find a fit for them .
 This is the worse product I purchased in Amazon . Not worth for the money . The actual size is much smaller . It is not 20 X 25 X 4 and I do n't consider this is a Merv 12 level air filter . I bought 6 to save the cost since I have 4 furnaces in my house within the main building and my cabana . The cardboard material is not as strong material as you can find in retail store . Poor quality stuff . Very disappointed on this purchase .
 THE FILTERS ARE GREAT BUT -- I ONLY RECEIVED 6 THEN 1 WITH 5 NOT RECEIVED . BUT I WAS BILLED RIGHT AWAY FOR COMPLETE ORDER .
 I read the details stating the filters were not fully 20x25x4 but I casually thought that just must be an industry thing . Shame on me for thinking that . I will end up fabricating a spacer or block to make these work in my unit.Look closely and measure your existing filter . Mine measures fully 20x25x4 . Ca n't recommend these .
 I tried this hole cutter on one hole and the drill grabbed so much and tried to spin me in the other direction that as soon as the hole was done I tossed the hole cutter into the trash . Get one of the deep slot hole cutters like the Big Hawg or the Blue Boar TCT with 3 or more teeth and the cutting action is a lot smoother and safer and you do n't need as much drill power . This hole cutter might be OK on a pilar drill but not anything hand held .
 Here are the differences between the Nordic Pure I unpacked and the Honeywell model it replaces
 Literature says this hose adapts to 2 1/2 '' . Well it does n't . The large end of the hose measures 1 3/4 '' o.d. . I need to go looking for another adaptor . Not happy .
 I bought the 39332 Vacuum hose with the 1 '' port to hook up to my Porter Cable Model 340 Palm Sander and to hook up to my Porter Cable Model 7812 -LRB- 10 Gallon -RRB- Vacuum Cleaner . I bought the hose and vacuum cleaner at the same time . The hose fits very nicely on the palm sander . But for the life of me I can not figure out how it hooks up to the vacuum cleaner . Not one of the diameters fits properly anywhere.I discovered that the vacuum cleaner comes with a 1 '' adapter -LRB- for just what I wanted to do -RRB- . No where in the online literature is there any mention of a 1 '' adapter I spent $ 22 for nothing .
 I realized the ladder was too tall as soon as it came . It took the company who handles returns 3 days to get authorization from Louisville Ladders to return it . Although they 'd issued a return authorization number which had to be written on the ladder , in order to get a refund I had to also fax them proof of delivery to Louisville Ladder 's own warehouse . That was over 2 weeks ago , still no credit on my AmEx .
 dont buy this porter cable 39334 dust bag for your porter cable 324 mag circular saw , it wont fit . there is no bag for this saw
 There are apparently two differnt dust bags for the model this is suppose to fit . I needed the other dust bar that clips on . Found it for $ 5.00 online .
 I purchased this to go with a circular saw I purchased on the same Order.This does not fit on the saw I ordered ; I always check , and did n't see any type of information to indicate this product would not fit on that saw.Amazon needs to pay more attention to the accessory items it offers when you purchase an item , to make sure the products assigned to individual ID numbers are compatible .
 The product description `` 16x25x4-MERV12 A/C Furnace Filters by Nordic Pure -LRB- Box of 6 -RRB- '' is misleading . The actual size is 15 1/2 x 24 1/2 x 3 5/8 . This information is on the filter but not provided in the online information/details of the product .
 I have bought this filter 16x25x4 , unfortunatly I found that was under sized by 0.5 inch each side & it did ' t fit in to 16x25x4 sized furnace . I thought about return it but I had to pay $ 17.00 from my side even though it was not my mistake.I have not decide yet what I need to do with those . I am so upset with this product .
 Not sure how this filter will hold up during the heating season but I am disappointed in the size it came in . Ordered a 16 x 25 x 4 to replace the 3m 's I have been using from Lowes . I did n't know these filters were sized like 2 x 4 's . This filter is not 4 '' , instead more like 3 1/2 '' wide . Very disappointing how it fits . I know its much cheaper , now I know why .
 I owned and utilized this product on a PC circular saw for over 2 years . The metal is cheaply made as well as the set screws . The metal will bend when you attempt to tightened the screws enough so they will not vibrate loose . Eventually , one of the set screws broke while in the saw 's shoe -- causing more of a nightmare . Lastly , the guide is n't even marked with measurements -- as with DeWalt 's . DeWalt , incidently , provides a guide that has a much wider rod .
 Not the quality I expected from P.Cable . While it cuts , the blade has a wobble , i.e. bent so it cuts like a cheap dado . Not really wide , but as a cabinet maker it does not cut a thin cut that the Freud -LRB- spelling -RRB- blades make . It is going back to whomever ...
 I actually picked this up at my local tool store . I needed a blade to rip some plywood cleanly and the price was right . I thought that with this blade I could avoid the hassle of my corded circular saw.As I was purchasing this , the salesman raised his eyebrows and expressed some doubt about the blade . He was right.The thing ended up being virtually useless . The cuts took forever and the saw screeched like a stuck pig as I tried to push it through the plywood.To be fair , I guess it is possible that the problem resides with my particular PC cordless circular saw -LRB- it 's refurbished -RRB- and that the problem is not the blade . However , given that the person I bought the blade from had expressed doubts , I think it 's the blade .
 I am disappointed with this purchase.I was looking forward to having a great new tool to work with this weekend . I 've never owned anything by Porter-Cable , so I was looking forward to a quality tool . But I disovered problems that made me spend a couple hours trying to figure out what if anything is wrong . Now I 'm going to have to find out how to get it repaired or just send it back . This , I 'm sure , will take another couple hours and maybe I wo n't have the tool for several weeks.The problem is that the extended blade guard rubs up against the saw blade . The edge of the saw blade comes very close to this guard . It has very little clearance on one side and a lot of clearance on the other side . It makes contact when adjusting the depth of cut . I really do n't want to see what happens when the blade is spinning at 4,500 RPM and hits this guard . Not to mention if I get a blade with thicker carbide teeth.Other problems
 I just have no idea what all the rave is about . This has been one of the worst tool purchases I 've ever made ... First off - I like P/C tools . I 've got 4 routers , dovetail jig , 2 pneumatic nailers , 2 sanders , etc. and am happy with all . I wanted a small , lightweight , precision circ saw for clean x-cutting cabinet sheet goods . I 'm using the Freud thin kerf blade ... Pros
 Tough motor and casing , but a small bump can tweak the base out of alignment . If you 're wanting to use a clamped straight edge as a guide , you 'll have to measure to make sure the base is n't tweaked , then you 'll have to measure an offset of 1 5/16 '' to one side , or 3 21/32 '' on the other . Come on -- what 's wrong with 1.5 or 3.5 ? Who the heck designed this base anyway . A mixed bag for a lot of bucks .
 I do n't know who is reviewing this saw but I make my living with these tools and I purchased 2 of these based on Porter Cables reputation to replace my Makita trim saws . I live in New Jersey and these saws are filled with gear oil which in the winter means unless you heat them up , they burn themselves up trying to turn the gear oil in the cold weather . After I realized this I put light weight oil in the other one which helped but it still burnt up with a fine cut high tooth count blade due to low motor power . I do n't need a trim saw to turn a rough cut rip blade , I need it to turn a trim blade which this one does not ! 2 burnt up saws = bad review !
 I have had the saw for probably 6 or 8 years . . It is a great saw ... Only one issue with it now . Take the time to try and find a 4 1/2 inch carbide blade for it . I can not get them locally and have only found a couple of places on the internet that seem to have old stock . It is easier to find a non-carbide blade ... but that does not do this saw any justice for it 's versatility .
 As soon as the Model 314 trim saw arrived , I went through the short-on-information manual , and looked the tool over.When I tried to set the depth of cut to less than 3/4 '' , the inner guard contacted the blade.I went over the manual again and again -LRB- I even read the Spanish and German ! -RRB- , but could not figure out a way to make this contraption work.The guard is riveted to the bed of the saw , and therefore must move with the bed.Since the radius of the guard matches the radius of the blade , it stands to reason that when the depth of cut is adjusted , the alignment of the axes of the blade and the guard will change and at some point the blade will contact the guard.Is this a recent modification , or has this saw always been ill-conceived ? Porter-Cable is n't saying.They told me to take it to one of their service centers . Not bloody likely.Amazon came through by making it easy to return this unused tool .
 I 've used this saw in my shop and in the field regularly for small trim cuts , luan , 1/4 '' plywood , etc. . It was great for the first few years but somehow the base has warped and it does not cut accurately or square any more . It served its purpose , but for what it cost , i would think they would make the base a little stiffer or perhaps aluminum so it does not warp & lasts longer .
 I had read a lot of negative comments about the Lenox One Tooth hole cutters but had to give one a try . The 2-1/4 '' size is about as large a diameter as my 18v Milwaukee drill can handle with a bi-metal hole saw . The Lenox One Tooth was twice as fast as a bi-metal but with only one large high speed steel tooth it grabs and releases , grabs and releases , until the hole is cut . Tough to control with a lightweight hand held drill . Makes a rough hole and does not cut very well in engineered wood like MDF or oriented strand board or even plywood . The Big Hawg and Blue Boar TCT hole cutters are a big step up in performance and a lot less difficult to control . I have cut holes with a 4-5/8 '' Big Hawg and a 6-1/4 '' Blue Boar TCT hole cutter and in both circumstances it was a lot easier on me an on the drill than the One Tooth . Odd that Lenox has not produced their own 3 tooth upgrade on this old design .
 must of hit a nailsoon , they dulled immediatly , and once dull they did not move to fast . the standard teeth type might be better . but the self feeds are still better.just my experience . for all that money it sure let me down . maybe there is something they excell at ?
 Before buying a belt sander , I borrowed and friend 's Bosch and rented one of these . I found the PC unit to be underpowered ; when pressed on the work surface , it slows down considerably and gets hot quickly - the housing is too hot to touch ! In contrast , the Bosch unit had significantly more power , making the job easier . I also disliked the PC 's ergonomics - the bag sticks up between your hands and gets in the way when you 're using the machine on a vertical surface . Buy a Bosch .
 This sander is super powerful . The adjustable speeds is very handy . The belt centering knob works perfectly , and is very convenient . Everything about this sander seemed to be perfect.Until I changed from a 40 grit to an 80 grit belt . What happens is the chute that the sand dust is fed into clogs . This causes the sander to perform poorly . So the sand never reaches the sandbag , and it dumps out onto the floor or into the belt of the sander . In order to unclog the sander , you have to remove 6 screws , take off one side of the sander , and then clean it out with a wire . What a pain . I am going to take this one back and buy a DeWalt from Amazon .
 I consider myself a pro carpenter . I 've used this machine andalso recomended it . Several users complained of the power cordgetting wedged between the drive drum and the belt , consideryourselfs lucky . My fingers became wedged between the drum and the belt . The flat p/u chute on the rear bottom of the machine sliced my small finger open requiring sixty stiches . Ouch . Shavedthe tip off my middle finger and broke the ring finger . Ouch again . I had the trigger locked on and had to pull the cord outof the power outlet to shut it off.I can not suggest a belt sander that will do a better job , there are none . Just be careful an hopefully Porta-Cable adds a drumcover like all the other manufactures .
 The sander itself has good power , the dust collection system on the other hand is a joke on this model.I use a sander alot holding it in a vertical position , and all your doing is eating dust.vertical
 I have owned two of these in the space of 2 days and both of themhave died within that time frame . In both cases , I was cleaningmetal with the belt . After sanding continuously for just over anhour the case was very hot . The sanding belt is driven by a beltinside the casing . The drive belt turns a PLASTIC pulley that isused to turn the belt . In both sanders the plastic pulleystripped and was completely useless . My guess is that theplastic got hot and softened . I am very disappointed in thissander and am going return it for a different brand tomorrow.I giving it two stars only because when it did work it workedvery well . If you were using it intermittently -LRB- like for 5minutes max . at a time -RRB- then it would probably work well .
 Used this belt sander for a few weeks but the plastic gear driving the belt broke.Don ' t buy !
 I bought this sander and tried it on a group of pine butt jointed boards . It is too unstable . It tends to tip at the slightest opportunity towards the motor side . Even a slight pressure on the back causes a gash in your work . I spent more time removing scrapes and gashes than smoothing my work . Very frustrating . I am going to try a different brand as the others seemed to be more stable in the store and did n't tip so easily .
 I just purchased this today -LRB- 11-17-06 -RRB- . Junk . It 's going back tomorrow . The dust bag is the size of a football and you can not see what you 're doing . They removed the 90 degree tube for the dust bag . I am pretty sure this adds to dust everywhere . I ca n't even hookup my vacuum to it . It tips easily causing gouges in the wood . Very difficult to operate with one hand . This is the 4th Porter Cable I have bought . Three out of 4 have been junk.Find something else .
 I agree that this is a powerful sander . Has anyone else hadany type of problem with the open drive drum ? Some users have had the power cord get sucked into the sander.Thanks and HAPPY HOLIDAYS
 I bought this and was expecting a lot from sander of this quality . Well , It is really 8AMP and not 7AMP sander . I am not sure how genuine these reviews are but I had go back to random orbit sander and put this sander back in box on top shelf as I found it useless for finishing work . I would rather spent money on random orbit sander and get quality work done in short time .
 I have used this sander for a while , even bought a new switch because while it was under warranty it would n't shut off . It was easier to just buy a switch and put in myself . It sands great , I use it mostly for removing planing marks and sanding out joints.The reason for the low rating is the way Porter Cable decided to solve the problem of dust getting in the motor . I was wondering why the bag never filled , I thought the chanel where the dust goes from the back of the sander was blocked with debris . When I took the side off I was right it was blocked , with a piece of metal put in at the factory and siliconed to seal it . I cut the piece out and now use a vacume to help with the dust collection . This is better , but the impellor only blocks the way , next time that will be removed to allow the vacume to do it 's job . I do n't care if it voids the warranty , I 'm more worried about the warranty on my lungs , a concern Porter Cable should also share .
 My 352 belt sander needs new armature bearings after very light and infrequent use . The repair cost is almost the same as a new sander . My Black and Decker sander lasted for 25 years and I expected more service from the 352 P-C sander .
 I just bought this sander yesterday and returned it today . It worked great for ten minutes , then trouble . I first read the manual thouroughly ! It was fine on my test drive with the supplied 80 grit sanding belt . Powerful and hefty , but pretty easy to use . Ran hot , but they do that . Dust flew out of the dusthole , and later was sucked up nicely with my shop vac with a conversion fitting I bought . I switched to a 50 grit norton to remove more stock and it was fine for about three minutes until the belt started to wander all over the place . -LRB- The belt did n't have directional arrows on the inside so I put it in with number/lettering upright facing the front . -RRB- No matter how often or how minutely I adjusted the tracking it quickly wandered one way or the other . Took only 10-15 seconds to either jam into the sander or wander way off . I then put the supplied sand belt back on and the same durned thing happened !! Ca n't blame the belt . While all this was going on I kept getting small but VERY NOTICEABLE shocks when my trigger finger touched the metal housing . -LRB- Yes , I 'm on a grounded circuit . -RRB- AFter a few minutes of trying to work the tracking adjustment the front roller stuck in place to the way inside . Repeated attempts to get it back in place with the adjustment knob resulted in the roller snapping back to it 's new skewed , cockeyed home . Something inside wore away after fifteen minutes of use ... It 's a big shame . I really liked the way this sander felt . Maybe I got a lemon . I might try another one .
 This sander is the worst I have ever used . The bag does not collect the dust it just shoots it in your face . Spend the extra money and buy a makita . I now use two different ones and they are the best .
 I have used these sanders for several years in my custom cabinet shop . They sand well enough but have numerous deficiencies . They are loud , very loud ; not 1 of the dust bags did n't fall apart after several months ; they can not be clamped to a bench for use as a stationary sander . Have been so happy with the Makita belt sander recently purchased to replace the aging 352VS 's , that when the last 352VS needed repair -LRB- again -RRB- I just through it away .
 I always wanted Porter Cable belt sander . I had an old Ryobi and it lasted for years doing continual carpentry work ... but I knew it was not a great machine . I got this 352VS from Amazon 5 years ago , put about 8 hours on it -LRB- no longer doing carpentry full-time -RRB- ... and a few weeks ago did some light-duty sanding on a piece of furniture . The belt started slipping and then stopped . Opened the tool and found the drive pulley is plastic , not metal . It had sheared at the `` hub '' . Seems foolish for Porter Cable to have replaced at 40-cent metal pulley with a 15 cent plastic pulley but that 's what they did . My local tool repair guy told me they did this for a while . Now they are back to metal , supposedely , but who knows what else they changed . Now that DeWalt has bought Porter Cable , who knows what things will be like in the future.My advice , avoid this one and look at Bosch.to be fair , when the tool was running , it performed pretty well ; had adequate power , tracked well and dust bag worked adequately . Speaking of which , Amazon shipped this WITHOUT the dust bag . It was advertised WITH bag , so I contacted them . It took some complaining but they sent me one . I 've seen this before with discount vendors ; they `` strip '' accessories out of the box . I 'm not saying THEY did that , but someone did . The box was sealed , had no dust bag and they initially did not want to send me one .
 Always wanted a Porter Cable belt sander . My old Ryobi lasted years but I know it was not a great machine . I got this perhaps 5 years ago but as I am not working regularly as a carpenter anymore , and the machine was used for one small job and then hardly at all for 5 years.Recently doing some light-duty sanding on a small dresser and the belt started slipping . Then stopped . Opened up the machine and found that the secondary drive pulley -LRB- the one that is attached to the drive `` wheel '' -RRB- is made of light plastic and had broken -LRB- sheared-off -RRB- at the `` hub '' of the pulley . This is a little 15-cent peice of plastic that is on the critical drive-train . Seems very foolish of Porter Cable to do this . My local tool repair guy told me they did this for a while but supposedly they are making it with a metal gear/pulley again.I come to a company like Porter Cable not for bare-minimum engineering but for robust `` lifetime '' engineering . Having a tool fail on the job is no good ; I do n't care what the warantee is like -LRB- in this case ... past warantee -RRB- . My advice , check out a Bosch . Porter Cable does not get high marks for this one . This would not have lasted a day on a real jobsite with that plastic gear in there!To be fair , when it runs - it feels fine . Balance is fair . It tracks well and the dust collector works reasonably well . -LRB- By the way , Amazon had this shipped WITHOUT the bag ! I had to sort-of make a big deal about it because it IS advertised as having the bag -RRB- . Got ta be careful!Another small point , no case at all available-even as an additional accessory .
 In the first six hours of owning this sander :1 . Pulled it out of the box and did n't notice the on/off switch was locked on . Plugged it in , smashed my finger .2 . Dust collection does n't work . The motor/fan spits wood chips at you which happen to shoot at your eyes underneath safety goggles . I put a vacuum on it hoping the big suction piece at the back would suck up wood dust , but found that the suction went around the motor , not to suck up wood dust . Probably sucks air around the motor to help with cooling :3 . I could n't hold my hand on the metal body of the sander after ten minutes it got so hot .4 . I sucked the power cord under the belt but I wo n't hold that against this sander , definitely user error .5 . Something stripped/broke in the drivetrain as the motor spins now but the belt does n't .6 . The dust collection tube needs to be mounted on the other side of the sander . I could n't get the sander underneath the lip of the stairs I was sanding because the tube got in the way.It 's being returned once the store opens .
 Received it for a Christmas gift and it sat in my shop for a year . Recently I needed it to sand a counter top I was building , so out it came from the tool cabinet . I cut the plastic bands from the box , hooked up the dust bag , adjusted the tracking and started sanding . In about 15 minutes the sander began to slow down and sparks were shooting from the brushes . I also was getting an electrical shock from the trigger . I check the Internet for solutions and decided to change the brushes . It destroyed 2 sets of brushes and sparks were still shooting out of the motor . This sander is a piece of crap and I think the dust collection is garbage . The entire motor housing was filled with saw dust when I was sanding . I 'm really starting to doubt the quality of porter cable tools . For $ 200 dollars , I think their quality control should be a lot better . I think I might try a makita next time . Always try a new power tool when you get it before you put it away . Lesson learned .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with the other reviews . I also am a Porter Cable fan but this was one of the worst tools in my collection . At the cost of $ 100 or more , I expected much better . The attachments do n't stay on , it is noisy . And now , after moderate use , it rattles and wines . It was a good idea on the drawing board but in practice it fell short .
 This thing is too big to work with and awkward to hold . The profile holders come off the machine during use and the adhesive paper does n't hold to them well . The H&L paper work well on the triangle foot , but you can get something easier to user for a lot less money . All in all you need something smaller , lighter and with -LRB- wire or other -RRB- clambs to hold the paper .
 I have a lot of Porter Cable tools and have reccomended Porter Cable to a lot of people . I have their routers , circular saws -LRB- older versions -RRB- , biscuit joiner , nail guns and a lot more . I bought this sander a few months after they came out . It is the worst tool ever made . They need a better design for holding the profiles . I have used it 3 times and it sanded good as long as the profile did n't fall out . I have decided to use the profiles without the vibrator . I hope someone will come up with a manual type profile sander that you can grasp easier than the little profiles . I wish I would have given it back to the manufacturer , but I have had it too long . I would not reccomend this to anyone unless you want to use the profiles manually .
 This thing is junk.This sander offers 2 sanding methods each with it 's own design flaw :1 -RRB- When using the profile sanding plate , the sandpaper does n't stick to the little rubber blades rendering the `` profile sanding '' claim false . The sander works great for the first ten sheets of adhesive backed paper , but when you get to the eleventh sheet of sandpaper the blade has become too gummed up . You can try washing it but it 's never really the same as it was new . Maybe it 's due to Lowes selling the wrong type and width rolled sandpaper , but I found this `` tool '' more frustrating than the last presidential election .2 -RRB- The second problem is the failure of the adhesive which holds the velcro backing to the mouse-style sanding plate . This adhesive backing started to fail within the first 2 hours . After two days use then leaving the tool alone for a week , the first sheet of velcro backed sandpaper completely removed the velcro backing from the mounting . Sure I could try to find some type of glue to reattach the poorly engineered setup , but why should I need to overhaul a brand new sander with less than 6 hours use on it ; this is n't a racecar engine?I 'm getting the Dremel -LRB- 6000-01 Contour Sander Kit -RRB- and hoping it 's the right tool for the job .
 An expensive mistake . Porter Cable is generally a decent quality product , but the profile sander is unusable . The paper does not stay on the profiles , regardless of gluing , etc. . It has been very frustrating to spend so much time attempting to redo a bad tool design , when you have invested $ 100 + in a machine that was sold to make your work easier . I 'd sell it , but I do n't feel right sticking it on anyone else .
 The manufacturer has down sized the 9444VS by reducing the number of profiles from fourteen to nine as contained in the 9444 model ; the original package contained the Dust Wand which is no longer within the package ; and case size has been reduced -LRB- it 's black now instead of gray if you care -RRB- . Effectively , the 9444VS kit is now the same as the 9444 with the exception of the tool itself . I was lucky enough to purchase the last kit in the store that was not down graded.Upon taking the tool to the job site , I have been pleased with the tool 's performance and versatility . The variable speed plus the lengthened stroke found in the VS model warrants the 30 % increase in price over the 9444 even after the kit down grade . I was able to get into all locations by changing the profile accordingly . The resulting sanded areas did not show grit marks and therefor did not require and touch up , which was would have negated the usefulness of the tool .
 I am a third generation cabinet maker . I have Porter Cable power tools going back 40 years and they have been among the best tools I have ever used for a given task . They set the standard for belt sanders . This Profile sander has to be the worst power tool I have ever purchased , I do n't know why I am even bothering to write this review . I do n't want to say too much beyond the other reviews , except that it is about useless for the purpose it is intended for . Please do n't buy this tool , but do n't judge other Porter Cable the same way .
 I do furniture restoration . I have been using the Porter Cable Profile sander now for 3 years . My biggest problem is finding sandpaper for it . Most of the time it is n't feasible to use this sander because of the cost of sandpaper . I have seen sandpaper advertised on the internet for $ 2.98 for a pack of 5 sheets plus $ 7.00 shipping . That 's $ 2.00 a sheet ! I do n't want to spend $ 200 to $ 300 for a replacement sander so , I have been looking at other sanders to replace my Porter Cable with no luck . The sander actually does a great job and I have had no problems using the profile accessories . You HAVE to clean the rubber profiles before each use and when you change the sandpaper . This profile sander is n't made anymore and I really would n't recommend buying one that is on sale not unless you have a secret stash of sandpaper for it . I lucked out today and got 75 sheets of sandpaper for $ 27.00 on Ebay . When that 's gone maybe by then I will have located a decent profile sander for under a $ 100.00 .
 I HAVE OWNED THIS SANDER FOR ABOUT 7 YEARS AND AND HAVENT USED IT IN 6 YRS BUT STARTED TO GIVE IT ANOTHER TRY UNTIL I STARTED READING THESE REVIEWS AND THEY TRIGGERED MY MEMORY ON HOW TERRIBLE THE USE OF THIS SANDER WAS . MY REVIEWS OF THIS SANDER IS IN LINE WITH THE OTHER POOR RATINGS . THE SANDER DOES NOT HOLD THE PROFILES IN ITS HOLDER FOR LONG . BUT REST ASSURE BEFORE THEY FALL OUT THEY WILL LEAVE BLACK MARKS ON YOUR WOOD SURFACE . VERY SURPRISING COMING FROM THIS COMPANY . ALSO THE SAND PAPER WARES THROUGH IN A MATTER OF SECOND . IM NOT GOING TO EVEN TRY TO FIND THE REPLACEMANT PARTS FOR THIS SANDER AFTER THESE MEMORIES WERE BROUGHT FORTH.ANYWAY HOMEDEPOT -LRB- WHERE I BOUGHT IT FROM -RRB- DONT CARRY THE MACHINE ANYMORE . I DONT THINK PORTA CABLE EVEN MAKES IT ANYMORE . HOPE NOT !! PS . I CANT SEE HOW ANYBODY CAN GIVE THIS SANDER A RATING OVER 2 STARS !!
 Porter Cable is a decent quality product , I have and use a number of their products over the years and rate them as five star . I 'm also a big fan but the profile sander is rather expensive , very poor to use , rather bulky , loud , and strongly recommend saving your money . Fein has a great sander and strongly suggest reading their reviews .
 save your money period . had i read the reviews before purchasing this product i 'd never made the investment . returning this one asap !!!!
 Like many others I purchased the Porter Cable profile sander on the reputation of the company . I owned it about two hours before I returned it.The tool is powerful enough though rather bulky . The problems with the sander stem from the poorly designed profile material and the pressure sensitive adhesive used to hold the paper to the profile.The profiles are made of the same rubber your mother hated for putting black marks all over her kitchen floor.At least she could remove the marks . Ever try to get a rubber mark off bare wood in a tight place?With profile sanding it is a given that the sandpaper is going to be fit to a small contour or a point and therefore will wear out or clog very quickly.With this sander quickly literally means seconds!It is an enormous waste of time and sandpaper to change paper after every 30 seconds of use.Machines should be time savers , not trouble makers.Dremel makes a profile sander that is much easier to use . The profiles do not make black marks as the paper does not wear out so quickly.The paper is industrial quality cloth backed which helps greatly.The paper is in the form of a hollow sleeve attached only by the form of the profile.You simply pop the profile off the machine , roll the sleeve a little and pop it back on . Ah fresh paper cuts so well!Like the other reviewers I own other Porter-Cable machines which I like very much . PC circular saw , the router/plunge router combo ,4 '' x 24 '' belt sander and a biscuit joiner.Please save yourself the trouble and frustration of the Porter Cable profile sander.If someone gives you one as a gift , smile , thank them , and as soon as you can sell it !
 I have a lot of Porter Cable tools , and I 'm one of the company 's biggest fans . I love their routers , their circular saws , their biscuit joiner , and I have them all . But this is without a doubt the worst value in a tool ever.Here 's what 's good about the kit :1 -RRB- The profiles are handy when not attached to the sanderHere are the problems :1 -RRB- First of all , the profiles never REALLY fit what you 're sanding , so there 's always a point early-on during the sanding where the aggressive action of the sander wears right through the sandpaper and you start leaving black rubber streaks on your material -LRB- the profile is now rubbing the wood directly -RRB- .2 -RRB- The machine is not smooth .3 -RRB- It 's noisy .4 -RRB- The profiles wo n't stay in the holder . They fall out .5 -RRB- PSA paper -LRB- uses adhesive -RRB- . Not much fun.So ... there 's my opinion . I consistently rate this as the worst purchase I ever made as far as tools go . Save yourself some money and buy the profiles separately . All by themselves , they 're usable . Attached to the aggressive sander , they last about 3 minutes before you 're burning rubber.Sorry , PC ... I would have loved to have said something more positive !
 A good tool with certain attachments , but using the knife shaped tool -- and most of the sharper shapes -- with the adhesive backed paper is a cruel joke . If you 're lucky and the black rubber thingy actually stays in the plastic holder , the paper will wear out in 10 seconds flat and the black rubber will rub all over your work . I honestly ca n't understand how such a ridiculously lousy design made it to mass production . Try again , Porter Cable .
 I have never in my life been so disappointed with a power tool . The sandpaper will not stay on the profiles no matter how clean and dust free the profile is . The profiles will not stay in the holder . I spent more time cleaning the black rubber marks off my bookshelf trim due to the fact that the andpaper kept sliding off or wearing out within 2 minutes of installing the paper . I will never buy another porter cable product , and I have been purchasing woodworker tools for 30 years , and respected the brand name .
 This tool is a real disappointment . I wo n't go into repeating the negative comments of the other owners of this tool for fear of scaring off potential P-C customers . I own several P-C tools -LRB- circular saw , belt sander , plate -LRB- biscuit -RRB- joiner and RO sander -RRB- and am very pleased with their performance . I spend a fair amont of time on woodworking sites and reading magazine reviews before plunking down ANY money -LRB- even a few $ on sand paper -RRB- on a tool or accessory . Unfortunetely , this research was not down prior to buying this -LRB- s -RRB- tool . I purchased this before a remodel project and did not get to use it before the 30 day satisfaction guarantee expired . If this was not the case , it would have been returned immediately . I gave this tool 1 star , however , it does not rate even 1 star . Save your cash . P.S. I bought a Sandvik scraper with holster and profile blades , reground the blades to fit the specific profile needed and they worked like a dream . Tim Allen is wrong , more power is not always better.OK , I have doubled the review of this tool after having it for over a year . There are a few tasks for which this tool is handy , i.e. sanding a roundover profile on a table edge . But still the tool 's feel is cheap and the thing eats sandpaper . DO NOT try to sand a painted surface with it .
 This is the single most useless piece of junk porter-cable ever made . It is a complete waste of money and a huge source of frustration . I can not believe the company made such a horrible tool . If I was porter-cable I would remove the tool from circulation to avoid completely driving away customers forever . IT DOES NOT WORK and makes more work if you try to use it . VERY VERY VERY DISSAPOINTING !!!!
 Let me Agree with all the other negative reviews . And add SHAME ON PC . Now back to my title . Of all the crummy tools that I have ever bought this one takes the least prize . So of all the clunks this one goes with me to the highest point of my shop roof and whilst holding it by the plug end twirl it rapidly over my head and hope it makes orbit . If not orbit at least it 's out of my shop and not taking up space , or tempting me to waste even one small piece of sand paper.I MEAN THIS THING IS J U N K !!
 After useing the profile pads a few times they will not stay in the mounting attachment . I insert them in the mounting attachment , turn the sander on , and they shoot out of the attachment like a bullet . Is anyone else haveing this problem ? At this time I WOULD NOT recommend this sander to anyone .
 I can not change my TV volume or channels using the remote without setting off a false alarm -LRB- due to the infrared `` testing '' feature -RRB- . I can not put this alarm anywhere near a laundry room , bathroom , or kitchen without a ton of false alarms.Just this morning around 4AM I was woken up AGAIN by a false alarm from this thing . Luckily the thing broke when I ripped it down from the living room ceiling so I have an excuse to change to a different brand .
 This detector is promoted `` as microchip minimizes false alarms '' . I am sorry to say that I am unable to use this particular detector.It went off from a crock pot , hot water running , heated microwave being opened , dryer in basement being turned on , and several times from unknown causes.I changed the battery , which did not alter the hyper-senstivity . It is brand new out of the package.The reason I got this detector is to alert me to kitchen situations , so at first it was put on the ceiling at the far end of kitchen furthest away from the stove.I changed the location to an adjacent room.There were then still alarm soundings for unknown causes , and the alarm sounded when an electric drill was used in that room.I am disappointed and frustrated that this detector is too sensitive for use in my home.I replaced this with an ionization detector of a different brand , which so far has not been set off by unknowncauses or false alarms .
 We had this alarm for a few years , but it was always very sensitive to set off . Recently it has mysteriously started going off for no reason , and now it chirps nonstop no matter how many new batteries we 've tried . Am currently shopping for a different model .
 I bought 6 of these on the recommendation of my local hardware store , because I wanted a dual sensor model . Of the 6 , 3 are prone to false alarms ; I 've cleaned them , changed batteries , and they still go off for no darn reason . REALLY annoying , especially when it happens at 3 in the morning .
 This product arrived defective . The company told me it might be the battery that was included although it was a new Duracell . They sent me 2 new batteries . The product is still NG . They have told me that they will send a new one . I 'm waiting for it . The hassle is definitely not worth it !!!
 Mine is less than a year old and we have had a few false alarms . Two when we were asleep . Yeah I know ... fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . I replaced the battery to make sure that was n't the issue and a week later our entire family was again rudely awoken.UPDATE
 5 years old and constant false alarms even with brand new expensive lithium battery . Disturbs my neighbors and aggravates me . Why do I need this stress in my life ? My advice is to stick with something simple and reliable , not this expensive high-tech junk .
 AVOID ! GARBAGE ! These smoke alarms use the cheapest plastic possible . . I mean come on smoke alarm battery shut door ... Key word one bleeping moving part is the battery door !! Its as if the designers of smoke alarms strive to see who can create the worst cheapest breakable battery door than release it . . First Alert cleary is run by incompetant designers . It would be almost comical if it werent on such a serious piece of life saving equipment
 This is supposed to have a feature where you can silence false alarms with any remote . However , it also goes into full test every time I change channels on my TV . It is super annoying . I moved it to a different wall so it was n't on the same wall as my TV , but it still does it regularly .
 I bought 3 of these and within the first year , only 1 is left up . One of them sounded off early one morning for no apparent reason . I mounted them high near the ceiling so I needed a ladder to take the battery out-which means going outside to my shed for the ladder . -LRB- This is no fun if it 's raining , so I now have to keep a ladder in a spare bedroom . -RRB- Then another one malfunctioned while I was out , and was blaring when I came home , scaring me again . If I lived alone it would n't be as bad , but my poor cat had to hear this until I got home ! At 85 decibels , I do not trust these alarms to put them back up . I do n't know why the 3rd alarm has not gone off like the other two . Why do they go off scaring us to death ? Did they see a spec of dust ? The remote control feature is another story . You can set it off but good luck stopping it ! Obviously I 'm not happy with them , and still looking for alarms I can rely on .
 we replaced our smoke alarm in the kitchen because when I stir fry the alarm would go off . We paid extra for the remote control feature . this feature does not work , even when trying 3-4 different fully-charged remote controls .
 I purchased one of the ` smoke ' alarms for the remote control feature . Like all ` smoke ' alarms I have owned this is to sensitive . It triggers when making toast , baking a cake . There is never any smoke when it goes off . The remote feature does n't seem to work with any of my remotes . So tonight when it went off I pulled it off the ceiling and smashed it on the floor . That made it stop . I would rather run the risk of a fire in my kitchen than have to deal with another so called ` smoke ' alarm . Maybe some day there will be a real smoke alarm on the market . As for as this goes I plan to package it tomorrow and mail to company with a letter of satisfaction .
 I purchased this unit from Amazon back in January - I should have returned it to Amazon who whould have given me a refund - instead I called First Alert who told me that the sound I was hearing was an error code and the unit needed to be returned to them for testing and that they would ship me a new unit out but they were out of stock but I would get it within two weeks . It will be June in two days ... I suspect they must have issues with this unit as it is out of stock everywhere and judging from the reviews they 've had a lot of problems with it .
 I have sent several of these back to First Alert because of alarm codes that say the unit is bad . At one location ALL that I 've put there eventually give the bad code when the nearby light is turned on . First Alert suggested we move them away from the light source . I guess that means these can only be used is the dark . Moving all of mine to dark closets does NOT seem like a proper solution to an obvious design defect .
 I bought 3 of these via Amazon . Unknown to me , they arrived dirty , with out of date batteries . As a result , they caused many false alarms . We were n't home for the first two , and the neighbors called the fire dept. My advice is to clean them thoroughly per the instructions and discard the batteries that come with them.They are much too sensitive . They ca n't be installed near the door to a bathroom in which there is a shower . They ca n't be installed anywhere in a kitchen . As others have pointed out , they ca n't be installed in a room in which the TV remote control is used . In my case , the above rules leave only the basement.In any of the above locations , a fire dept officer told me to use only photocell detectors , not ionization . They are not as sensitive .
 It was time to replace all smoke detectors in my house , so I purchased five of these - which is actually barely half of what I need . While there are a number of nice features , including a front battery door among them , I have just now taken down two of them and will be returning them to Amazon . The feature allowing you to test or silence the alarm with your TV remote , while sounding convenient , makes it impossible to use these detectors in any room where you need to use a remote control , either for your TV , stereo or home theater , ceiling fan , or home automation equipment . If the remote is used in the room the alarm starts sounding . And it takes a bit longer for the remote to silence it than it does to set it off . If you have a TV in the bedroom , this might be quite alarming to your spouse , if they are asleep when you decide to watch some TV.Nothing here on the product page indicates that you are warned not to install these in the same room where you may use a remote control . And of course if you use these detectors in a room where you do n't normally use a remote control , then how would you use a remote to test or silence the device ? Makes it a pretty worthless feature , and a large annoyance once you accidentally set it off accidentally a few times .
 SO far 2 out of 3 purchased dont work as anticipated one chirps without stopping even though several new batteries were tried 2nd one went off last night without reason.not too happy
 I got a very good deal on this model of smoke detector from a local big box retailer . I wanted at least one dual sensor model in my house so I thought this would be a terriffic buy with the remote control test ability . WRONG ! I placed this detector in my bedroom behind and above my bed . When I would watch tv , the remote control would set it off once in a while . It even went off once or twice for not reason at all - AT 3:00 AM !!! The last straw was when I was watching tv in bed before work at 6:00 am and the smoke detector -LRB- located behind me -RRB- starts screming . I pointed my remote NO WHERE NEAR IT ! I proceeded to take it off the wall , angrily smash it into many very small pieces , and ordered the Kiddie dual sensor detector that does n't have a half baked `` test using a remote control '' feature . Hopefully that one will work better . WHAT WERE THEY THINKING WHEN THEY DESIGNED THIS THING ? I think it was designed to torture prisoners or something . They should have included -LRB- as an option on a SEPERATE more expensive model -RRB- a special remote control for testing the alarm for people who want that feature . If not , they should label it `` for rooms without remote controls usage only . ''
 I 'm preparing to dispose of my 4th smoke alarm this year . The First Alert SA302 is unreliable . False alarms are common , and I 'm tired od waking in the middle of the night . I 'll never buy another First Alert product .
 We have 12 ' ceilings , so I thought the remote control feature would be nice ... mostly use a stick now . The product is sensitive which is a good thing , but they are becoming annoying . Sometimes one push of the remote sets them off , any cooking they go off.UPDATE 2012
 I bought 3 of these alarms for my familys house . Only 1 functions as it is supposed to .2 of these detectors give off frequent false alarms . I had to take them down because they kept going off for absolutely no reason -LRB- all too often while my family and I were asleep ! -RRB- . This is not due to any error on my part . No remote control issues , no dirty sensors , etc. . I carefully read the manual and looked at posts on this site and others made by users of this item to attempt to troubleshoot the false alarms . No solutions worked.As someone who works in the field of quality control , I find a 2 out of 3 unit failure is extremely pitiful and for a company that manufactures products that people depend on for their personal safety , well , that 's absolutely disgusting . I 'd give this item 0 stars if I could .
 I bought three of these to install in apartments in my building . Two of them were defective out of the box -LRB- one would n't stop going off , the other had a broken plastic piece and the battery compartment would n't close . I called the manufacturer and they replaced the two defective units , but one of the replacements is itself defective -LRB- it chirps every minute as if the battery was low , even with brand new batteries . -RRB- I think the quality of this product is horrible and I highly recommend you look elsewhere . I think I 'll try another manufacturer .
 Maybe a great unit , but I 've accidently triggered it too often when using my remote in the same or adjacent room where it is installed .
 I purchased four of these smoke detectors for our home based on the rating and recommendation in a popular consumer magazine . All four have since been taken out of service because of false alarms in four separate locations of the home . I tried changing the batteries and it did not help . The sensitivity of the dual-sensors was a selling point , but evidently it was too sensitive for our home . We do n't smoke , burn candles or use the fireplace , and the house has n't burned down so I 'm not sure why they kept going off . Hopefully the newer SA320CN model does n't have the same problems , and hopefully First Alert will cover these under warranty .
 My landlord installed this remote in our living room and we had to take it down almost immediately . It keeps being set off by our remote controls ; radio controlled car , DVD player , TV . It is a horrible idea to have this triggered remotely , especially when so many remote controls are around us in our daily lives . I had no idea how many items in our house had remotes until this useless piece of equipment entered our lives . I 'm actually asking my landlord to replace it , or I will end up buying a new one to replace it myself .
 False alarms for no reason . Thought this was designed to eliminate false alarms not generate more . Old smoke alarm would sometimes trigger when cooking and steam was generated , this one goes off with nothing cooking , no showers , in CO where it is 17 % humidity ! Can disable with remote , but by the time I locate a remote , the chair would have been quicker .
 We bought 4 First Alert photoelectric ionization smoke alarms and we hate them . Our tv remote sets them off , turning on the light sets them off , and the brand new batteries we installed have died after only a few months . We are so disappointed . We wish we had never seen these smoke alarms .
 Bought four and installed them away from steam , stoves , and other triggers of false alarms . One went off every time I turned on the light . One went off any time I used a remote control . One went off any time it felt like it , which was so often we had to unplug the battery . Kept the ne that has n't misfired and replaced the others with Kidde units that were also highly rated by Consumer Reports .
 Alarm went off continuously after installing the battery and continued to do after many battery reinstalls and recommended vacuuming . I bought this as a liquidated item and although I paid a cheaper price , I suffered the headache of taking a poor risk . Good news is Amazon refunded my money and paid for return shipping
 As far as the alarm goes , it is great . But , the remote sensor function is too sensitive . It was mounted approximately 10 feet off the floor in a gabled ceiling room . When using the Dish remote , it would be parallel with the detector , or even slightly behind it , but it would still set the alarm off . And , it would even go off with the power button , not only the volume and channel buttons as designed . If they could make it so you have to point directly at it , this would be perfect .
 Do you think the fact that you can test this sensor with any remote control is a good idea ? ONLY if you do n't have any TV 's in your house ! I 've set these off by accident so many times , early and late hours , I 've moved them away from the TV so I do n't point the remote at them . I 've taped over the in-fared receiver on the smoke detector . Nothing works completely . DO NOT buy this product if you use a remote control of any kind !!
 Unfortunately these alarms were not compatible with our central alarm system . It would have been nice if that aspect was addressed in the description as it is pretty common to have an alarm system these days . We were able to determine that immediately , so I repackaged them and returned using Amazon 's return system and preprinted labels the next day , however it took weeks -LRB- over 3 -RRB- to even receive an e-mail acknowledgement from Amazon that they received the return and even longer to receive a refund . Very frustrating !
 Went off when the bathroom door was opened after a shower . Apparently steam and smoke are the same thing and an alarm is necessary to let you know that you should evacuate the house due to a shower . This is worse then having it go off when dinner is a little `` over done '' . Complete and total junk , do not buy .
 why are all the review from First Alert SA302CN Double Sensor Battery-Powered Smoke and Fire Alarm -LRB- Tools & Hardware -RRB- and not from actual customers who to belive .
 I would like to review the smoke alarm purchased 6/24/2008 . However , there is just one problem - I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE PRODUCTS !! Please expedite delivery of our purchase of two smoke alarms #SA 302CN . If there is a problem , please immediately notify me .
 Tried tape , tried the undocumented method of holding in the test button while putting the battery back in , tried ignoring the issue . SORRY , but my dog is freaking out and I 'm losing sleep . Random beeps night and day .
 It 's hard to see my laptop screen as I type this review , since the thick smoke from a kitchen fire mostly obscures my view . The smoke alarm is completely silent though , and it cheers me to know I 'm safe . After all , it unfailingly alerts me when someone takes a steamy shower or turns on a light in the hallway.That 's right - if someone wearing a white shirt turns on the light in the hallway , the smoke alarm goes off . I 'm guessing it 's an undesirable side effect of the `` test '' feature this unit offers , where you can aim a television remote at it and set it off to check it 's still functioning . I do n't have a TV remote , but the hallway light does the same thing . If you do n't like the alarm to sound while the kids are sleeping - well , I hope you like the dark . And cold showers.Pros
 I was highly disappointed to discover that this smoke alarm can not be used in my kitchen . It was located approximately 15 feet from my stove and oven , yet any cooking set it off . Boiling water with the vent hood running set it off . When I called First Alert to complain , I was told that this type of detector -LRB- with dual sensors -RRB- is not suitable for a kitchen , particularly if you have a gas stove or oven . The gas flame gives off ions picked up by the detector . It also went off when using the electric oven and the toaster oven , so gas flame is not the only problem here . The packaging should state clearly that it is not suitable for kitchen use and I am disappointed in the First Alert company for not doing so . I consider it a breach of the Uniform Commercial Code 's warranty of fitness for a particular purpose to not inform the consumer that it is not suitable for kitchens . This alarm is probably best suited to a bedroom , not near a bathroom -LRB- steam will set it off as well -RRB- . I would n't use it in a room near my gas utilities either . Absolute waste of money for my use .
 This is the most disappointing purchase I 've made in the last 5 years.The main features that drew me to this product -LRB- fewer false alarms , easy to silence false alarms with an IR remote -RRB- work very poorly . The unit is wildly oversensitive . Steam from a sink or a candle are enough to set it off . The IR silence mode requires multiple attempts at very close range -LRB- so close you could instead just press the silence button -RRB- . And the best of all , it emits an occasional -LRB- once per day or so -RRB- single loud chirp for no apparent reason . Just enough at 2am to wake everyone in the house ! I 've read the manual twice and it says nothing about such an alert . -LRB- Just to be sure I replaced the battery . No effect . -RRB- Seriously , avoid this unit . Absolutely horrible . If I could give it negative stars I would .
 This product has a feature that one 's Ir TV Remote can be used to turn off a false alarm - ones ir remote can also be used to test the alarm - in reality it sets off alarms . My compact Fluorescent light bulbs set off false alarms . I had thrown away the packaging so I could not return it . I took it apart and blacked out with black tape the ir sensor and it seems to be ok . Not every one will be able to do this . Others have had similar problems .
 Like another reviewer , after having 3 of these alarms in use for 6 months they started going off in the middle of the night . Even with replacing the batteries , the same thing happened . I 'm in the market for some basic smoke detectors . I have one toddler and one on the way , so safety is very important to me .
 This product is lousy on many levels . I have obtained many false alarms , some in the middle of the night . I also get a fair share of false alarms by setting it off with my remote , despite the fact that the alarm is in my hallway , AWAY from my remotes in my bedroom ! Lastly , the directions are terrible , with no clear way to install the 9V battery . It took a while to finally get the battery in , after accidentally breaking off a tab . Not user friendly or well layed out at all . I 'm returning this , and getting a ` Kidde ' in hope that it will be a better choice.Update , May 3 , 2008
 I read on line that you need to replace your smoke alarms every ten years . My house is close to 75 years old and we are in the middle of a kitchen remodel so I bought these for the entire home.After having them in use for 3 months they started going off in the middle of the night . We replaced all the batteries and 3 months later the same thing ! We gave up and returned them all and bought another brand.We have 5 kids , 3 dogs and one cat , family safety is very important to us .
 As others have pointed out , this unit works fine as a smoke detector , but the battery replacement procedure is painful . The battery expired around midnight . It immediately starts to chirp every 15 minutes so it ca n't be ignored until morning . I replaced the battery and it continued to chirp . Thinking the battery I found was dead I replaced it again , twice . Turns out after replacing the battery it can chirp for up to 15 minutes even though the new battery is fine . Of course I found this out through Google after an incredibly annoying sleep deprived hour .
 It gets a star because I had too . I bought one of these and tried three different new batteries including the one that came with it and could only get a fleeting chirp from one of the batteries . The test button never would indicate to me the unit was working . If you simply must buy one ; check out the unit with a battery before going to the trouble of installing the mounting ring . Now I 'm stuck with this piece of junk because it would cost more to send it back than the unit cost .
 This alarm unlike my other first alert alarms was givng off false alarms . It gave off three long chirps . i looked on the back of the alarm and it said if it did that to replace the alarm , so the alarm went back to amazon . Luckily , it was still within the return period . I have hard-wired ionization alarms that work well and battery operated photelectric alarms that also work well in my house . it may be that this alarm is trying to do too much with both types of sensors .
 Disappointed . I bought 7 of these for every room in the house and 2 of them keep going off and chirping for no reason . And it is LOUD . I have replaced the batteries . Really bummed . I have only had these for 2 weeks and installed all 7 . Uhg .
 I bought two of these thinking First Alert was a good brand , even though I had read some bad reviews on here . Each of these alarms had times when they would give false alarms . It was too much to handle so we are stuck with something we ca n't use and Amazon will not take them back .
 Units chirp all the time regardless if batteries are new or not . Reset button requires an extremely firm push and for a number of seconds in order to work , then only lasts a couple of days before chirping starts again . I got this kind of performance from a pair of $ 5 Kidde alarms .
 These go off when you use your tv remote control so install away from tv . Would not buy again !
 There 's an art to using the thing and once you acquire it , you can do pretty good work with it . Until you catch on , you 'll burn holes through one spot on your sandpaper and leave black rubber residue on your work in a heartbeat if you 're using the rubber profile attachments . If you 're using the diamond pad with hook and loop , you definitely want to have the dust wand and vac hose accessories . If you do n't this thing will keep your face full of dust . They should be included as standard since they 're almost a requirement , but they were n't on mine.Other than bad balance , lousy dust control , too much noise , and some serious reservations about the quality outside the motor housing , I like it . It lets me do a lot of things that I previously either could n't do or had to do by hand.Just make sure you 're adept at power tool repair , that you have a handly online source for parts for the thing -LRB- Sears.com is best I 've found so far -RRB- , and be prepared to accept the fact that the pad attachment brackets will be self-destructing on a regular basis , and you 'll like this thing after you get used to it . If you ca n't handle those little problems , do n't buy this thing.Would I recommend it ? Not without making you aware that you 're going to be constantly replacing pads , pad parts and bracket housings IF you can find them to replace them . Porter Cable 's parts distribution system is still operating in the 1950 's . Thank goodness for Sears.com and another outfit that has a good parts website in Canada or we 'd have thrown this thing away long ago.The attachment system is a real disappointment . I could see somebody like Wagner making junk like this . I have n't found this to be typical of Porter Cable in other tools I own . Seems like I 've got to overhaul it just about every time I get about halfway through a restoration job . It could have been better designed and Porter Cable could make parts for the thing more readily accessible like all their major competitors have done.I 'd give it five stars on workability -LRB- once I found and bought the attachments that were needed to make it workable for anything other than hobby use -RRB- and NO stars on durability and less than that on manufacturer backup . Wish it were different but that 's what I 've experienced .
 I bought one yesterday , and today I took it back to the store where I bought it . I agree with previous comments :1 > The attachments fall-off .2 > The PSA sandpaper does not hold .3 > You spend lots of time removing the black stuff from the attachments .4 > More time spent replacing sandpaper than sanding .5 . If it costs 10 bucks , I 'd still be disappointed !
 I refinish furniture for a living and was looking for a tool to save time on sanding . At first look the Porter-Cable Profile sander looked like it would fit the bill . After 4 months the sander died . I sent it off to be repaired but had to have a replacement quick . I stepped up to the plate and bought a Fein detail sander . What a difference !! The guy at my local tool shop -LRB- and repair shop -RRB- said they do not sell the Porter-Cable anymore due to all the problems they were having !! I will keep mine for a backup but I love the Fein . Another problem I had with the Porter-Cable is that the pad that holds the sanding paper on wears out quickly . I realize I may use mine more than a weekend sawdust maker but I have found it is worth buying the best ... and for a detail sander . . in my openion , is n't the Porter-Cable !!
 I thouhgt this tool would solve many sanding problems , but the tool itself is the bigest problem . The power switch does n't work all the time . I have to hit the tool to get it to turn on with the switch in the ON position . The tool also gets very hot and I had to shut it off to let it cool down .
 The dust collection does n't work . Take the side cover off and see for yuorself , Porter Cable blocked the rear dust collection port with a strip of metal . They put the port onthe top which is useless . Remove the strip and the fanand use a vacuum or buy a different sander .
 If you really are going to drill alot of 1/2 holes and larger get a drill with more amperage . This drill looks like the big ones , but it 's a pussy cat .
 I have other products by Porter Cable and I have always assumed they are Quality products . My saw was 14 months old but had less then 5 hours when the trigger switch failed . returned to an authorized center for repair at a cost of $ 60.00 . Three weeks later saw failed again , returned to authorized center and was informed the armature was bad and to replace was $ 100.00 for parts and & 50.00 for labor.That is when I decided I will buy a Dewalt to replace it .
 The hook and loop part came off of the backing the first day I used it . I did use it a lot , but should last more than one day . This is the name brand product . The glue is n't strong enough .
 Caution !!! if you own the Porter Cable profile sander stock up on the sanding sheets - this model has been discontinued and parts/accessories are no longer available from P/C
 I bought this saw relying on the P-C name and reputation . The tool arrived in an undamaged package . It really looked like it was very well engineered and manufactured until ... Until I made the first 1/4 '' angle steel cut . The cut was perfect but the next morning I found oil all over the base of the saw . Well , it 's my own fault , I trusted P-C name and not the reviewer above that documented the issue with the seal . So I decided to fix it by bringing the saw to the authorized P-C service center . It took them 4 weeks just to look at it and now they are telling me that it will take another 15-30 days for the parts to arrive . So I do n't have my saw for a month already and I do n't know when I get it back and how long the seal will last again . If you want to have no problems stay away from this P-C saw otherwise be prepared for the oil leaks !
 I own one of the larger solid surface shops in the Washington DC market . I 'm a big fan of all Porter Cable routers -LRB- we have over 40 -RRB- but the design on the wisper series belt sanders -LRB- we have 12 -RRB- is by far the worst so called improvement they could have made . It is quieter , however they put the bearing for the fan that cools the motor outside the housing where it is subject to every particle of dust that passes through the machine and into the dust bag . We have a life of only 2 or 3 weeks of reasonable use before we have to have it serviced for a bearing replacement . If there were other issues I might consider abuse of some sort , but that one bearing is costing me a fortune . Also the fitting for the dust bag could use some type of `` O '' ring to keep dust from blowing from the poor connection from the tool to the dust bag . I will be talking to my tool repair guy to see if there is a better design from another manufacturer .
 I own a 3 X 21 Porter Cable belt sander and it is by far the worst belt sander I have ever owned . It 's heavy , bulky , case get 's very hot after only 8 - 10 minutes of sanding . The dust bag is constantly in the way -LRB- you ca n't see what your doing and it bumps into everything close by . The power cord has a natural tendancy to get -LSB- pulled -RSB- into the rear of the belt guard . That takes quite a bit of time to un-jamb . I DOES collect dust a bit better than others I 've used . I have previously owned Black & Decker , Craftsman and DeWalt .
 I love Amazon and my Porter Cable 314 trim saw . Got a good deal on it from Amazon and purchased several plywood blades for cutting panels for furniture.Worked beautifully . Until I had to get several new blade replacements . Holding them side by side to compare with the original , you can see they are very different.Same model number , but Porter Cable has changed them.They seem like trashy `` toy '' blades . They immediately start burning the wood in the first foot of a cut . And leaving curls of ply in it 's wake . The heck with it . Put the old dull blade back on to finish one cut.I will return all the blades for a refund.I was pleased to read the Amazon review from `` Woody '' who suggested Forrest blades.Yay!Following his suggestion I found that Forrest 4-1/2 Woodworker II blade # WW04H407080 is literally MADE for the Porter Cable # 314 . Its pricey , but very high quality to really lastPorter Cable 12057 4-1/2 - Inch 120 Tooth TCG Plywood Cutting Saw Blade with 3/8-Inch Arbor.Actually , just what I wanted.So , skip this and get the real blade you need . Amazon sells it.I just ordered it from Amazon .
 I recently purchased the 4 ' version . It 's a great ladder , and shipping was fast ; like 5 or 6 business days . I ordered the 6 ' version on the 14th of January . From Amazon LLC . It said it was in stock , and estimated delivery was about 2 weeks out with free super saver shipping . That would take us close to the end of January . I checked the status a minute ago and my estimated delivery is now changed to February 20th . That is 37 days from the date of purchase . What a joke . For the couple bucks I might have saved , I would have been better off calling up Fleet Farm or similar store to order . At least I would n't have to wait a month and a half for a simple 6 ' ladder . I will still shop amazon.com , but will skip it if it is sold by amazon . If you are an electrician , as I am , this ladder is for you . Save yourself 2 months and buy elsewhere .
 On the web it say biodegradable filter I do not see where it says the filter is biodegradable .
 Plastic headband broke in half after 2 years use -LRB- about 40 times -RRB- . Product is not designed for long term use . I now use Wilson Combat -LRB- made by Peltor -RRB- ear protectors . Still thinking about electronic earprotectors , do n't know about their life span .
 The sander sands great ! However , if you need to change the sandpaper , it 's near impossible to manipulate the clips . The amount of strength and dexterity required is way past my hands , my dad 's hands and anyone who is n't a gym rat would find it difficult . Since it sands so well , purchased the `` stik it '' pad replacement pad , thus solving the problem , but there should n't have been a problem . This is a poor design . The stik it pad requires stik it sandpaper which is much more expensive . I 've used up several Sears sanders , with less painful paper changes . The idea was to buy a better sander that would last longer , but I 'm not at all sure how much I 'll be using this after all . A disappointment .
 I had purchased Porter-Cable 330 Speed Bloc 1.2 Amps 1/4 Sheet sander . I find the sander heavy and there is a need to improve on the clip that holds the sanding paper . The existing design is very difficult in the replacement of sanding sheets . I am greatly disappointed in this Porter-Cable design and handling ability .
 This is a very heavy constructed piece of equipment . It feels good in your hand , although it feels twice as heavy as my Bosch , which means that you do n't have to apply any pressure to sand as the weight of the machine does a good job of that . The vibration is substantially less than my Bosch , but it gets so hot that you can only use it a few minutes before you have to let it cool down for 20 minutes . I tried to use it longer , thinking that it would reach a peak and I could bear that , but that is not the case , it just keeps getting hotter and hotter and hotter . It would be good for frying eggs , and making coffee .
 Works nice when it works , which is not very often.I 've had 3 separate failures in 3 years of occasionalhobbyist use . I have now spent more on ordering partsfor this POS than I spent on the original sander .
 Bought this saw yesterday based on my long and happy experience with several other Porter Cable Tools , even though I had trouble with the blade change in the store . Error ! Practice at home got me sore fingers and frustration . Finally figured out -LRB- actually , my neighbor figured out -RRB- that if you pull the blade out at an angle to the side while pulling to the front and squeezing the tabs -LRB- ! -RRB- it is easier to remove - not easy , but easier . Insertion remains a problem . Unacceptable for ... saw.Oh - 6 ' 1 '' 240 # , in construction for 20 years ; never actually been accused of being a wimp , but I am getting older . Not with this tool though - going back for the Bosch tomorrow .
 Yes , it blows the dust right in your face , and mouth . It works great if you use it with your arm outstretched and do n't need to look at what your cutting.My buddy used it too , now he needs to buy new contact lenses for his eyes . Evidently he was n't using it at his full arms length.Buy the Bosche .
 I expected a little more from this tool . As much as I tried , I could n't get the blade in and out of it 's finger ` chuck ' . This should n't be diffucult - blade changes should take only a few seconds and yet try as I did , it would n't come out . After a lot of trying and finally forcing it out , it was time to return the unit . Maybe mine was defective , but I am not happy about it , or the additional time and effort I expended in this experience .
 This is called a Stikit pad , indicating that self-adhesive sandpaper should be used with it . It does not last long , as the self-adhesive paper tends to tear the cloth from the Pad . A hard rubber pad would work better .
 When you try to remove the self stick sand paper , it tears the backing away fronm the foam pad . Poor quality .
 Once I received the pad , I found that it would not work on the sander that I had . It was difficult to tell from the picture that it would not work , and not worth the extra cost to send it back .
 Does not perform well at all , put my old pad back on and will return this one -- way too soft backer and will tear the surface up removing the stikit paper
 The PC sander is a very worthy tool , but one note of caution
 Great sander , but the cost of replacement pads vs the initial cost of tool is expensive . Same problematic issue with all of the the Porter-cable random orbit sanders pads overtime the pad disinergrates leaving a working tool unusable .
 Recently while using this tool , the hook & loop pad disintegrated with a piece striking my eye with considerable force . The result was bruising of the eyelid , abrasion of the cornea and a `` dent '' in the cornea , not to mention much pain . A trip to the eye doctor was warranted . Prognosis is that the injury will heal without long term complications . A better designed tool would n't have resulted in this freak accident . Of course wearing safety glasses would also have provided protection . But who thinks about wearing safety glasses when using a sander ?
 OK , it sands wood . But once it starts throwing sanding discs its all over . Yes , I called Porter-Cable 's tech service , and did exactly what they said to do , and it still throws discs . The price tag for the repair parts delivered was over $ 30 , and the results were zilch . So it sits on a shelf -LRB- I have n't the heart to throw my investment in the trash can -RRB- , and I got a cheapie sander at Menard 's for $ 25 that does just fine . Bottom line
 I purchased this replacement pad for my Porter Cable Model 333 Sander after trying a replacement `` glue on '' style purchased from Lowes . The glue on cost about 14 bucks and lasted 15 minutes . I thought purchasing an original replacement for another 15 bucks would do the trick . I was wrong . The Porter Cable replacement last about twice as long as the glue on style , but 30 minutes was n't what I had in mind . After spending the $ 30 I tossed out the sander and bought a new DeWalt sander for $ 70 .
 I say I use my 332 for a total of less than 5 hours , about 10 minutes average each time over the life time of the tool , and it is still in great condition . But just like many others , the pad broke off the screws and flew off . It is a poor design . PC should have said '' ... it is for LIGHT SANDING only . Do n't press hard , do n't use say less than 300 grid paper etc. '' I will not recommend anyone to buy this tool unless you are prepared to spend $ 18.00 on replacement pads often . Buy some cheap China made sander for less than $ 20.00 when on sale . !! So what if the 332 unit is very powerful , comfortable to hold and the dust bag design is very good . ... And there is little we can do to fix the issue because over time , the foamy padding material disintegrate and the screws lose their holding power , especially if the tool is kept in a hostile workshop environment -LRB- solvents , paints , corroding dust etc. -RRB- USA , wake up ... . or more U.S. factory people will be out of a job !! However , we must be thankful that Amazon.com still carries this product and discounted price , or else we will have to pay list price from Porter Cable .
 this is the third sanding pad I have had to replace.Where the three screws hold this pad , it is so flimsy I think I could just about bite it into . As far as the sander goes it is the best one I have ever had , but I am thinking seriously of looking for another sander , rather than buy a pad every 3 months . They do make a pad -LCB- pta39 -RCB- that seems to be made to last as long as the hook and loops will , but it will not fit the 333 sander . I wonder if we all emailed the manufacturer and let them know how we feel if it would make a difference . I think I will do just that before I go off line -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Many here have reported a problem with the screws coming threw the pad making the pad useless when it can no longer be held to the sander . Well I know why . This replacement pad -LRB- made by Porter Cable -RRB- has a thinner backing plate . The screws therefore are too long to properly secure the pad to the sander . Although the user may not realize it , the pad then shifts around the screws as it is being used . That constant shifting slowly erodes the backing plate at the screw holes - Eventually the pad just falls off.So to make this pad last as long as the original pad , you need to either cut the screws down in length , purchase shorter screws , or find a washer that will fit . This way the pad will be properly secured to the sander and not `` jiggle . ''
 To make something out of what appears to be a hard plastic type of material , then mount it on something that does random orbits and except it to last is like mixing oil and water.Got tired of replacing these pads , the cost adds up quick , figured there had to be a better way . Came up with a method that works very good so thought I would share the idea.What I did was to get a small piece of metal , for me I used what is called a Simpson Strong Tie . This is a piece of rectangular metal with many holes in it . Is used in construction to hold boards together by nailing the plate across the joint . Found these to be both cheap and tough enough to last and thin enough not to cause problems.Simply cut it to fit the circular base , small enough not to block the vacuum holes . Marked and drilled holes just large enough for the mounting screws . Using JB Weld , attached this cut out to the hook and loop base . When the epoxy was set up good enough , mounted the pad back onto the sander letting it sit 24 hours before using.The metal will make the pad last a long time and will not egg shape like the plastic does.Works very well !!
 I 've had the PC 333 for at least 6 years now , never a problem . The foam pad finally peeled apart from the mounting material -LRB- Bakelite maybe ? -RRB- recently so I ordered the replacement from Amazon . After no more than 30 minutes worth of use the new pad fell off the sander . Sure enough , like some reviewers have posted , the 3 screws that are used to mount the pad to the sander rounded out their mounting holes and the pad simply fell off the sander . I 'm not sure why they do n't use the same original material to mount the pad , like I said it looks like Bakelite but I do n't think that stuff is legal/available anymore , but that plastic mounting pad is in perfect shape , it just does n't have the foam pad on it anymore . It 's now on it 's way back to Amazon . I think I 'll try the DeWalt now .
 I 've loved my P-C 333 sander but when the hook and loop pad finally wore out I ordered the replacement , which lasted about one hour . It appears that the phenolic material that the 3 screws pass through to attach to the sander is thinner than that of the original pad . The screws were tight -LRB- even after the pad went flying off the sander -RRB- but there must have been some play that allowed the screw threads to eat away at the phenolic plate until the holes became large enough to slip over the screw heads . Rather than order another pad , I guess I 'll just get another brand of sander . -LRB- I do commend Amazon , however , for their generous and easy return policy . -RRB-
 Its made in China and you can see the misery in the workmanship.Big gashes in the peen that they tried to hide with a black coating . Just get a double face hammer in weight of choice and round the edges of one side and grind down a peen on the other making sure to round those edges.Its branded with Master Mechanic so you know to avoid anything that comes out of there pisspot .
 This sander , like most of Porter-Cable 's tools , is no longer made in USA . Although the technical information indicates this tool is made here , it is actually made in Mexico !! Unfortunately , the management of Porter-Cable has decided to discard their image as one of the last tool companies producing high-end American made tools in favor of cheap imports .
 I was disappointed with the performance of the sander . It was difficult to control -- it usually hopped , skipped and jumped across the piece I was trying to sand unless I only used the edge of the disk . The sanding action was not as aggressive as I had hoped . I have pretty much reverted back to using my belt sander for rough sanding and my Dewalt ROS for the finish work . I also found the unit uncomfortable to hold . The vacuum hose seemed to be in the way . I actually wind up holding the vacuum hose and the screw-on handle while operating .
 I am very disappointed with this sander . I thought it would work great for sanding large table tops . Instead I have found that a large belt sander -LRB- 4x24 -RRB- followed by a finishing sander does a much better and quicker job . I have the Porter Cable 4x24 sander and the Porter Cable 330 finishing sander .
 PC 97366 has so much vibrations that I had to give it gift to my enemy . . Horrible ... then within a week , I got a Xmas Gift of Home Depot Card and I used it to buy Rigit Sander from Home Depot for $ 139 ... -LRB- I SAID , I CAN RETURN IT IF I DO N'T LIKE IT -RRB- WHAT A SURPIRISE THEN ... THE RIGID IS SUPREME SANDER WITH ZERO PAIN IN HAND AND AWESOME GERMAN BUILT ... GREAT BUILD QUALITY AND 3 YEAR WARRANTY ... YOU CA N'T MISS THAT ... I CAN NOT BELIEVE HOW GOOD RIGID SANDERS ARE ... BYE PORTER CABLE ...
 This sander is great in the beginning . It works like a well built machine , and then , it happens . For some reason , this thing gets out of balance and ceases to do a good job . It wobbles all over the place . My shop owns 6 of these that were all bought at the same time , now after one year of daily use , 4 of them are unusable because of the counter-balance . PROS ** Can apply alot of pressure ** Very strongCONS ** Gets out of balance ** Brushes hard to change ** 2 hand sander
 I own/operate a log home restoration company . After blasting a home , we hand sand the entire exterior using random orbit sanders . I 've used the Porter Cable primarily for the last year . I 've gone through 6 sanders during this time and each one has had the exact same failure ... the on/off switch . I 've torn them apart and cleaned them , but if you look at the switch design , it is incredibly flimsy and poorly designed . The motor is great and the machine is great if they would FIX THE * & ^ * & % @ SWITCH ! I 'm currently looking hard for another brand to replace these faulty sanders .
 I have had one of these for quite some time , having acquired it during my apprenticeship in custom furniture shop . I love its power and speed of finishing , finding it quite capable of putting a flawless surface on glued panels.However , I used this tool to the point of acquiring tendon damage in my wrists . Following multiple cortisone injections in both wrists -LRB- boy , that hurts ! -RRB- , I had to have surgery on my right wrist to repair the damage . I took my tools to my physical therapist , and she declared it the culprit . My mentor borrowed it for 6 months , and had to return it because of the wrist pain.The barrel design of the body causes an unnatural strain on the wrists . Its a powerful tool , but minimize the operating time.Take if from someone who knows wood , tools , and pain .
 I had this thing for awhile before I really started to use it . I bought it based on the reviews I read here . I used it to sand spackling off plaster walls , about 5 rooms worth . Then the motor ground to a buzzing halt.The variable speed dial became nearly impossible to move toward the end of its short life.I 'll buy another sander , but it sure wo n't be a Porter Cable .
 After prematurely retiring a DeWalt , based on the positive reviews for the 333VS I purchased one . I 'm a woodworker who realistically spends about 2-4 hours/week in the shop during the winter/spring/fall -LRB- Texas summers are too hot -RRB- . This sander worked great out of the box - I was happy with the dust collection and the performance -LRB- swirl pattern invisible after final 220 grit pass on Cherry -RRB- . After about 5-8 hours of continuous use -LRB- mind you , it took me > 1 year to use it for 5 hours -RRB- the variable speed went . The sander would not operate if the speed was set less than the max . I contacted Porter Cable , they referred me to their list of service centers since the warranty had expired . I procrastinated since it was still operational and after another hour of use , it was dead.I was quoted ~ 2/3 of the purchase price to repair , so this one is n't getting repaired.I 'm very dissappointed with the reliability of this sander , which normally is n't a concern with Porter Cable . Most of all , I 'm dissappointed that Porter Cable would not stand behind their products in the event of an obvious manufacturing defect , which I believe this was .
 PC products have always had a good reputation and have been know for their reliability . The 333VS misses the mark . Although it is a good design and appears to a well-built unit , I have a 6 month old unit with 2 bad bearings . I have also experienced pre-mature failure of the H & L pad.Since a sander is only as good as it 's components , equipment manufactures would do well to dump the cheapo Chinese bearings and get back to quality components.I am now faced with investing another $ 30 in replacement bearings , or applying this amount to a replacement unit . I am extremely disappointed in Porter Cable ...
 I am a professional furniture repair/refinisher and have owned 2 original 5 '' H&L Quick Sand machines.Aside from the fact that they burned up they were good tools.They were used almost on a daily basis and stood up very well to my abuse . The new replacement is a frustrating,non-ergometric piece of crap.It is top heavy and almost impossible to operate without inducing scratch marks in my work.I love PC products but will buy the low profile 5 '' sander and relegate this thing to refinishing underwater boat ramps . G.M.
 I 've had one 3 years . Performance is okay . There have been quality and reliability issues :1 . The dust cannister kept flying off during sanding . Had to solve that by shimming the dust port with electrician 's tape . That works but is a kludge for a problem that should have been solved preproduction .2 . About a year ago the sander suddenly and mysteriously quit . I took off the pad and bearing and blew out the dust but saw nothing wrong . I reassembled it and tried it again ; just as mysteriously , it worked . I 've been waiting for the other shoe to drop .2 . The pad is now losing foam like a middle-aged man losing hair . I can accept having to replace a pad after three years of solid use ; the cost , however , seems a little excessive .3 . Just as I ordered a new pad , I began to get significant vibration ; upon examination I discovered two of three screws which attach the pad to the pad support were displaced . The threads in the aluminum pad support had stripped . Wasted half a day fixing that problem ; had to bore out and retap for larger screws . Porter Cable 's threads in soft aluminum had failed , and I discovered that their screws were not long enough even to engage the threads that were there . In all , a touch of shoddiness from a company that should do better.At best this is a light-to-medium duty sander ; if you have significant sanding needs , I suggest that one of the heavy-duty 6 '' ROS models would do better , even at double the price of this model .
 I have both the DeWalt and this Porter Cable random orbital sanders . I 've spent many hours using both sanders as have my shopworker and my wife . We all agree we would rather use the DeWalt . The PC vibrates more than the DW and together with the shape is not our sander of choice for longer use.I have not had the belt failure issues that others mention , but the velcro on the pad is definitely poor quality and does not hold up . Replacement pads cost about $ 15 . I have a DW that must have several hundred hours on it and it still has the original pad . I do n't think you can get more than 12 to 15 hours out of the PC pad before it loses the ability to hold a sanding disk.On the positive side , the PC speed brake has held up well - the DW 's brake did not hold up as well . The PC 's dust collector seems to work better than the DW , but we usually have these sanders plugged into our dust collection system.I can not see any difference in the sanding performance of the PC and DW . Frankly , I think the choice of disk quality makes a much bigger difference than the choice of ROS . I use the better quality sanding disks made with the higher performance grits . The speed of sanding is definitely faster . If you are paying someone or prefer to keep your `` quality '' time with your sander to a minimum , the choice is no contest .
 I must start by saying that I know people who purchased Porter Cable random orbit sanders years ago that got good service out of them . However , in the past year every one I have seen has worn out within a month . I run a cabinet shop . four of my employees -LRB- skilled cabinet makers -RRB- bought new Porter Cable r.o. sanders last year . Every one of them either had a motor or bearing burn out within a month . Two of them were replaced by the dealer with new sanders , which also lasted about a month . The other two were not replaced because the bearings are not covered by the warranty . When I politely contacted Porter Cable about this , they said too bad , so sad . We have had great luck with Dewalt , Ridgid , and Bosch .
 I thought I had ordered a premium product , but I returned it right away , as the quality did n't keep up with the price.I really liked the idea of this dust container instead of these cloth bags elsewhere.But for a price that is almost twice of other brands -LRB- you can also get a nice variable speed sander for $ 50 - $ 70 -RRB- I would expect flawless manufacturing quality .
 We have the eemax water tankless instant water heaters in our home and I have to say they are a piece of poop . We just moved into our home and have had to change the one in the kitchen 3 times and we have had to change the one in the master bedroom 2 times ... I ca n't take this not having hot water ... I am ready to switch back to the good old fashion tank water heater ... it works much much better ...
 Same as the above reviewer . Two different units went bad in a years time.I am currently on my 2nd unit and am replacing the heating element -LRB- as per tech support -RRB- . It was explained to me that the heating elements burn up when air is in the line ?!? NOT RECOMMENDED .
 Very thick very old paint will gum up the disks . My house is 100yr old . I had to torch the paint off then use the tool . I kept a wire wheel on a angle grinder to de clog the disk.The tool will not remove pain from the lip of the clap boards , nor the last 3 in of the board . It also ca n't get the lowest board in some situations.What do you do about nail heads ? You ca n't go pounding them all in on 3 '' clap board or you will split it . I did one side of my house one year and the second the next . All the nail heads rusted on the first side through primber and two coats of quality latex paint . On the second side I painted all the heads with derect to metal paint . This worked , but it took a long time.I 'd like to try the `` pro paint scraper '' it looks like it might work better.Don ' t put up plastic siding .
 Ok , lots of great reviews on this tool . That 's why I bought it . I should have known . I have a house that has aluminum siding on it which I am removing to get to the original clapboard underneath -LRB- circa 1869 -RRB- . I heard about this tool and researched it primarily through these reviews and was amazed at how many people loved it.My background
 I bought this item because of all the good reviews that it recieved . It does not work . The grinding disc almost immediatly loads up . Then the grinder wants to bounce . This destroys whatever you are trying to strip . I tried many different speeds and adjustments and I could not get this paint stripper to work for more than a minute without the disc loading up . In short - avoid this product .
 Sanding , grinding are agony on heavy paint build-up . The discs clog almost immediately . I saw an old copy of Old House Journal with an ad for Peel Away , tried that , and I 'm pretty pleased .
 This tool does not perform as described . The discs clog instantly ! I would not recomend this to anyone . I have been a professional painter for over 10 years , and was looking for an alternative to heat stripping . The power paint remover is not it ! Do n't waste your money .
 This machine is a great idea , but really lacks in results . The pads that they require are great , but get all full of paint in a very short time . If you use these pads with a grinder , it works fantastic ! One main Problem with this machine is that it only goes around 5,000 rpm , where a grinder goes 10,000 rpm . This way the pads last for hours .
 I have been using PC biscuits for several years and have gone through many batches of them . One thing I have noticed is that the number of defective biscuits per container has risen markedly as I purchase newer batches of them . The current batch I have been using has shown about 30 % of the biscuits to be defective -LRB- by defective , I mean that the biscuit compression is inconsistent , and that many of the biscuits are too wide for the slots cut by plate joiner . -RRB- I store all biscuits in double sealed , airtight containers in a bone dry basement , and am religious about protecting the things.I simply may have gotten a number of bad batches of biscuits from the several supppliers from which I have purchased them , but I continue to find that a large portion of the units are unusable . While those which do fit in the slots function fine , I 'll probably end up buying a batch of the Swiss `` L '' brand biscuits next . Though they cost twice as much , they are reputed to be extremely consistent , and the cost of the PC throwaway biscuits makes the cost per usable unit of the L brand biscuits extremely competitive.Be aware , you may have to pick through your batch of biscuits just as you have to pick through stacks of lumber at the local yard .
 I recently opened a brand new sealed package -LRB- read
 While this trimmer might be fine for quick roundovers and the like , it lacks the refinement and precision necessary for fine woodworking and production work . Careful observers will notice that the base and motor are not perfectly perpendicular to one another . There is too much slop in the height adjustment mechanism and set knob . Too , the base itself is not perfectly flat -LRB- place a sheet of 400 grit sandpaper on a flat table and run the base plate over it a few times . High and low spots will quickly become apparent . -RRB- All in all , the 7310 is very underwhelming in its quality and precision . As far as the `` Rotozip '' style trimmers go , the DeWalt and Bosch models offer better quality and refinement then this PC , though they , too , suffer from some of the same problems.By far the better alternative is the tried-and-true Porter Cable 310 production router . This model has long been a favorite of professional cabinetmakers -LRB- the guys in my shop own two or three each -RRB- , but it is somewhat unknown to the woodworking public at large . It is not made for mass market consumers -LRB- Home Depot/Lowes do n't carry it -RRB- , and PC has instead promoted the 7310 trimmer as its mainstay trim router . The 7310 trimmer , however , is but a shadow of the 310 . Read some of the reviews on the 310 and you 'll see what I mean . The 310 is truly a fine machine . At $ 100 , the 7310 is not a great value . At $ 159 , the 310 is worth every penny . Spend more now and you 'll be very satisfied with the knowledge that you own the very best . More importantly , your work will show the wisdom of your choice.Sadly , Porter Cable no longer sells the excellent offset , angle , and other optional bases for the 310 . If you need these you can acquire them used or new-old-stock , but they are getting harder to find . The premium prices of these trimmers and optional bases found on Ebay attest to the loyal following the 310 has . These bases are available for the 7310 , but you will still have to deal with the inferior design and quality of that trimmer . Again , go with the DeWalt or Bosch if you need a complete trim kit with all the bases . If you do n't need them , get the 310 and you 'll be set for life . You 'll be glad you did .
 I 've found the height adjustment clumsy and the knurled knob to be hard to sufficiently tighten by hand -LRB- it creeps with use -RRB- . The best trim router out there is their 310P production trim router .
 I purchased this tool largely on the reputation of PC - and my experience with some of their other tools . I 've had it for about a year or so and have used it on a number of laminate trimming projects and as a small router with regular wood bits . In use , the product works well . It has the power I would expect from a small motor and the long cord length is nice.It 's getting to the use part that I have a beef with . As mentioned in some of the other reviews , the base adjustment is poorly designed . Trying to do fine adjustments of the bit is hit and miss . There 's a knurled wheel to adjust the height and a locking knob . The problem is that when the locking knob is loosened enough to move the base there 's way too much play in the base . Consequently , you ca n't really tell where the base will end up until you tighten the locking knob.I 've also had the problem where the collet wo n't release the bit after use until I tap the bit a few times.Maybe I underestimate the ease of designing a motor with a switch , but that seems like something any tool company could do . It 's the stuff that bolts onto the motor that makes the difference between a great tool and one that 's not so great . Unfortunately , this one falls into the latter camp .
 It 's a nice little tool and it would probably work fine timming laminates . But my use is to machine circuit boards and it had too much play in the spindle for the kind of work I needed to do .
 With only light use -LRB- putting a small grove detail on drawer fronts -RRB- the motor burned out in only a few weeks . Lacked speed control . Dust bag captured almost nothing .
 Essentially this adds up to having a $ 60-ish workhorse powerhouse of a battery on the base , with a rather cheap flashlight attachment that is worth maybe $ 5 . I 've had this light hanging around for a couple of years from a combo set . It actually works well enough , though I do n't often need a worklight . We recently had a 4 day power outage and this was great while it lasted both as a very bright flashlight , and to point at the ceiling to give some nice general non-glare room illumination.It only lasts about two hours on a charge is the problem . If anything screams out for an LED bulb , this is it , but at this point DeWalt does n't even offer that as a separate bulb . They do sell a 12V LED worklight which sounds just awesome , but I do n't have the 12V system , I have the 18V . With an LED this would never burn out the bulb . This one will last maybe 10-15 hours which is not what you want in an emergency light with no spare . Also if you drop this light the bulb filament will probably break , LED 's are much more robust . Moreover , with the same brightness it would go probably 8-12 hours on a charge or more . That would be pretty much my essential emergency light . I would buy two or three.Though the gooseneck probably looks like the better design . What really kills this is that the head ought to swivel so it could point downwards while standing upright on the battery base . You could work at a table or workbench with the light pointed at your work . But this only swivels from straight up to horizontal , which is really not all that useful.In short , wait for them to offer the gooseneck with an LED , and get two , it will be super .
 Swivel head broke when it fell about 3 feet off the floor . A construction light should be built to withstand some abuse . The area that secures the swivel head to the body is VERY thin and could be made stronger . Nice light but do n't expect it to live through much abuse .
 I have owned one of these lights for years and loved it but the one I bought here on Amazon arrived and it did n't work at all , I changed the bulb to a good bulb and still does n't work even with a known good bulb and Battery
 I was very excited to get this light ... initially , I liked it . Out of the packaging , I hooked it up to the 18V battery and it worked , emitting a fairly bright beam . The sales ad says that it comes with an `` extra '' bulb , which was not included . I emailed Amazon regarding the issue and they sent a 2nd light to my address , instead of sending a bulb or two -LRB- ? -RRB- . It is worth mentioning the the re-ship did not have the extra bulb either . I had pretty much decided to just purchase the other light as well , thinking I could use one and leave one in the work truck as a spare . Then , I was using one of the lights , hit it pretty hard with a board I was using in an attic , and it fizzled . I went and got the other light , used it the rest of the morning , then went to use it in the afternoon and it was burnt out too - with little to no abuse -LRB- that I can remember -RRB- . I sent both of the lights back - they are n't as durable as they should be . Instead , I ordered two of the flexible-head lights -LRB- Dewalt 18V -RRB- . A few of my friends have these and have had no issues . I will leave a review for those as well when I have had time to put them to the test . All in all , this is a bright light , but if you put your equipment to the test day-in and day-out , it might not be the quality you are looking for .
 I bought this really wanting to like it , because I had a big set of 18v tools and a collection of batteries , and several of the other lights that I am happy with . But , it does n't really `` carry '' comfortably , to carry it while walking around outside -LRB- I to live in a rural area will no street lights -RRB- you 've either got to hold it out in front of you -LRB- which is kinda tiring on the arm -RRB- or twist the light around to shine straight `` up '' so that it can be held as a normal flashlight , but then the battery hanging off the back keeps it way off balance.So , the ergonomics are n't great , I 'd be willing to work around them if the bulbs did n't blow out at the smallest tumble . And , then they want over $ 9 for a pair -LRB- amazon.com pricing , good luck finding them in the store -RRB- . I really wish they made a decent LED light to use the 18v battery . I 'm not going to start buying dewalt tools that use a different battery any time soon , if ever .
 The shipping was as much or more than the product . I ordered it with other dewalt products but it is shipped from a seperaye company
 Item Advertised on Amazon shows a White Extension cord with side insert prongs which I was planning to use indoors . They sent me an Orange Heavy Duty extension cord with straight insert prongs . So I tried returning it but did not find anything in the Returns section on Amazon with a `` Wrong Item Received '' Option . Had Emmanuel from Amazon on the phone who was totally incompetent in hearing my problems and had to repeat the situation 3 times for him to finally understand . Buy this item at Home Depot .
 this arrived yesterday and to my surprise it is BRIGHT ORANGE !!! since it was for use in our bedroom , it 's really not going to work .
 My rating is a resounding thumbs down.The first problem is the power on-off button is reversed . My router operates with the power button on the off position . This machine obviously never went though a quality inspection at the factory.The second problem is the router continually locks the bits in the collet . I tried every lubricant imaginable without success . Once the bit is locked in , plan on keeping it in place for a while , a very long while . I have been forced to use pliers to pry the bits out . The freezing complaint is repeated numerous times by other users . I incorrectly assumed Porter Cable -LRB- PC -RRB- would have resolved this by the time of my purchase.I must be missing something here . For the $ 160 price the PC 310 cost , you can buy the PC 690LR -LRB- $ 125 -RRB- with more power and still get some router bits for less . The PC 310 is a dinosaur doomed to extinction . We can only hope PC either re-engineers this product or stops production before it further tarnishes its reputation .
 Amzn shipping took way too long for me to give this product a positive review - I recommend purchasing elsewhere . Many eBay sites ship same-day .
 I realized the ladder was too tall as soon as it came . It took the company who handles returns 3 days to get authorization from Louisville Ladders to return it . Although they 'd issued a return authorization number which had to be written on the ladder , in order to get a refund I had to also fax them proof of delivery to Louisville Ladder 's own warehouse . That was over 2 weeks ago , still no credit on my AmEx .
 I used the flashlight 3 times . The bulb burn out and the replacement also fail . I smell burning material . should I contact dewalk for replacement
 I would have given this product 4 or 5 stars until I read a certain review on this site . I was very happy with the performance of my DW904 12-Volt until it went dead on me a week ago . Just as this reviewer I speak of said , `` Oh I 'll just replace the bulb '' , but that did n't do it . Thinking that maybe the switch went bad I took the light apart and bypassed the switch but still no light . I promptly threw it in the trash in disgust because I really had n't used it that much and I NEVER abused it . Even so I planned on buying another DW904 thinking that mine must have had a defect , but now after reading that another person has had the same problem with his , forget it . I 'll probably order a Milwaukee flashlight for I had recently purchased their cordless 14.4 to replace the noisy 12 volt Dewalt I have . -LRB- The one that the flashlight came with -RRB-
 I own two of these and one is down now needing repair . The other one was already repaired last summer . Both have had the same problem . This model has a slotted drive belt rather than direct drive . In each case the drive belt has worn out long before I feel like it should have . I use these for trimming wood edgebanding tape on curved panels . They run for about 45 seconds to a minute at a time and then get a rest for 10 or so minutes before being used again . It is rare when both are being used at one time . And most times they are used heavily for a week or so then placed on the shelf again for a month or more before being used again . I have had no issues with the height adjustment.Porter-Cable 7312 Offset Base Laminate Trimmer
 This was my introduction to biscuit joining and I bought this when other plate joiners were way more expensive . However , it was a disappointment and left me feeling there must be a better way . My 556 had a strong tendency to walk sideways as the blade entered the wood . This left the slots too wide and in some cases exposed the ends of the slot when cutting in 2 in . wide stock . I eventually bought the DeWalt model after trying it at a woodworking show and seeing how a plate joiner SHOULD work ... pass it up and get the DeWalt .
 I used my joiner last night and the burning wood set off the smoke detector in my shop . The problem is that the tool is VERY underpowered . It does n't cut wood so much as burn through it . I 've tried it in Pine , Oak , Cherry , etc. . Always the same result . I can live with the physical design flaws but not the underpowered motor . Yes it can ` walk ' but that 's also a result of the lack of power , the blade is grabbing the wood without the power to cut through . It 's not the best ` ergonomic ' design , but I could live with that if it would only cut.This is a bad design and in my shop will soon be replaced . The only reason that I have not replaced it yet is that I substitute pocket screws for biscuits .
 Beware , while the catalogue shows the flashlight WITH a battery on the flashlight , it never says it does not come with a battery . In the Editorial Comment it says you can buy a battery separately .
 Got mine in a combo pack . Light is durable and bright but after a year of use , it will not turn on with the switch . I have to turn the switch on and then give the battery a good whack to get it to go on .
 For about a year and a half , long enough for the warranty to expire , this was an outstanding flashlight . It has a very bright light and was steady and positional . After a year and a half , the head stopped pivoting and the switch began to only work after much jiggling and fiddling . I expected better from a Dewalt product .
 I , m a long-time finish carpenter and have used the Dewalt and Makita planners as well as this contraption . This one 's a dud . What 's with pushing a button to pull the trigger ? That 's fine for Harry Homeowner , but odd angle starts are next to impossible . And that little ridge at the top of the handle is annoying and painful . Perhaps I missed something when rabbeting with the Dewalt , but with the PC you are advised to move the blades ; what a pain . The Dewalt has a strange , not altogether likeable foot on the base for setting the thing down while the motor spins to a stop . No such feature on the PC . It is also poorly balanced . The Dewalt was user-friendly right from the box . If it were n't the boss 's tool and the only one on the job I 'd send the PC back . The only strong point is that the fence slot seems more durable than the cheezy holes in the thin plastic housing found in the Dewalt . Hold out for the door plane , is my advice .
 I own 12 different PC power tools , some of them now over 20 years old and still going strong . However , after less than 2 years of infrequent , light duty homeowner use , the motor of this tool developed a high-pitched screeching noise and rpm 's would rapidly fluctuate . I returned it to the PC factory service center in Carrollton , TX for repair . TWO MONTHS LATER , I received an unexpected ... COD notice from UPS ! ... I refused the COD , and phoned the service center for an explanation . I was told the motor had to be completely rebuilt , and this total -LRB- plus shipping , sales tax , and COD fees -RRB- was the standard repair charge . Again , I refused the charge , and was prepared to let them keep the tool . A couple weeks later the repair center manager phoned me , and he and I settled on a repair charge that I considered reasonable . I finally have my grinder back , but it better redeem itself , or next time the garbage man will find himself a present . There wo n't be another return trip to Texas !
 I received Neiko Pro Grade 5 piece nut driver set in a timely manner and was happyuntil I left the set on the dash of my van for a couple days . I was very surprised tofind that they had all rusted . That just tells me that they are not of very good quality.I have several others that have not rusted in the van for many years . I was verydisappointed .
 I bought this mainly because it uses the same battery as the drills I have , overall the light is good -LRB- although no beam shape adjustment -RRB- but the balance is pretty poor when the flex neck is extended . Hopefully will be able to find replacement bulbs cheaper than the ones listed here on-line .
 Two weeks old and it 's going back . The router base setup is less than ideal . A mounted bit should be at 90 degrees to the base but it 's off by a degree or two . If you 're trimming 1/4 '' to 3/8 '' off the side of a hardwood facing this is less than ideal . The bits pilot bearing runs hard against the lower material leaving a mark and the edge of the facing requires substantial sanding after your done . Checked out a few others in the store and they have the same problem . Called P&C and they claim it should be 90 degrees . The offset base heats up from the vinyl belt in the housing making the unit warm to hold for long runs.The unit itself feels well made but adjusting the depth is a bother with the base lock loose the base is free to canter a 1/16 - 1/8 so you 're always adjusting and then tightening , adjusting then tightening trying to get it just right.Disappointing .
 I have a PC heavy duty router and it is great , so i ordered their laminate trimmer . The chuck does not hold the bits very securly , and must be retightened every minute or so no matter how hard you torque on it . The bases are very difficult to change , requiring a tool and a couple of minutes . I would recomend looking at the other options available .
 I am a huge fan of DeWalt products and own a dozen or so DeWalt tools . This light was a disappointment . If you want to use the battery as a base and point the lamp at something the flexible shaft ca n't retain it 's position . Worse yet , as the light starts to sag the whole thing can topple . The problem is the flexible shaft is not very stiff . The light output is very bright and remains charged for a long time .
 The DW919 is unstable and falls over when the neck is extended forward past a certain point . You can bend the lower neck back and the upper neck forward to partly compensate for this but this limits how far the light can be extended . Also the neck is not stiff enough to maintain all positions of the light . DeWalt need to improve this product .
 bought to work on my car in a dark garage . The battery base hardly gets the lamp on it 's feet unless you have a long irregular surface . there 's one spot on my engine -LRB- over the fuse box -RRB- where it can stand.even then , the wire that holds the light up does NOT support the weight . i 'm always having to leave the cable in a weird position so it does not succumb . it 's very frustrating . the reach of the arm is practically zero as i always have to leave the lamp dropped somewhere . it can never be raised on the metal arm.Look at the pictures . see that the ONLY pic with the lamp raised it 's almost vertical ? that 's the ONLY position the arm will hold . deviate one degree and it falls to the floor in slow motion.i 'm now using it as an expensive lantern around the house for when the lights goes out .
 Received this today , and after testing this light by leaving it on for about an hour , the beam developed a multicolored blue band around the edge . This is due to the plastic reflector overheating and becoming discolored . I opened the light up and the plastic had a burnt smell to it . Basically a poor design as the light is unable to handle the amount of light / heat that the bulb produces over a normal period of time . Do not recommend purchase of this unit as the reflector issue ruins what is otherwise a nice light .
 This is a nice light but I would by far choose the regular pivoting DW908 . My snake light came apart in one of the sockets about as soon as I got it . I glued it together and it has not failed since , but the other DeWalt light is much nicer for just regular flashlight use and is much more comfortable and balanced to hold or to set down and shine . The snake light is hard to get to stay where you want it , and it easly gets bomped or topples over . The pivoting light you set or lay over and just tilt that head to where you want it to shine and it stays there.Loren G. Martin
 Unit is not much better quality as one of those old $ 5 plastic two-D-cell flashlights from the 1970 's . Mine arrived all wobbly from bad shipping-packing , so the switch did not stay on without careful wiggling to get it exactly into the `` right '' spot . Also , the lens cover was falling off , and I felt it might strip the threads if I tried to screw it on too tightly . I returned it for replacement . Quality is not `` DeWalt '' but it 's okay for the price.Functionality is pretty good . It is very nice to have the heavy battery as its base to set it on ground and bend the flex-neck to face the light into exactly right position . Not too much range of motion to move light head too far from over base before it falls over , though . Light and lens is simple cheap-flashlight style , nothing precision or fancy , but it does put out a decently-even spread of light in a circular pattern without dark spots . No beam pattern adjustability.Basically it is a borderline-cheesy-quality product but serves its function adequately .
 Many of you must have noticed that various manufacturers of power tools are `` giving away '' flashlights with cordless drills , etc. . Well , this is how they make money , by charging $ 4-5 for ONE flashlight bulb ! What a ripoff . In my experience , these light bulbs are cheaply manufactured and blows out in matter of weeks , not years.I recommend that you search for `` 4-LED Flashlight '' on Amazon.com and , for a bit more money , buy one of these LED models for which you NEVER have to replace the bulbs .
 I bought the Porter Cable to replace an older Milwaukee , it had better torque than the old Milwaukee but after tightening 25 to 30 lag screws it became so hot you could n't touch the front of the tool , and the front bearing began to leak grease all over the place . This was a major problem as i was lag bolting together a log home and the grease was getting all over the logs .
 i have owned -LRB- and still own -RRB- probably 85 % of the p/c line of tools and this is the first one i have truely been disapointed in . i expeienced the same problems as the previous writers , with the tool heating up to the point where it is painfully hot , and the lubrication dripping down from the tool . i returned it the second day i owned it and purchased a competing brand and couldnt be happier . p/c really dropped the ball on this one .
 this impact is suppose to put out 265 ft , lbs of torque , what a joke , i tested this on my car and with a torque wrench , , the most torque i got out of it was 135 ft lbs and that was staying on the hammer for 10 seconds , where do these companies get there max torque rateings from because i would like to visit that test lab . the impact did get warm after doing 5 lugs and even hotter after 10 lugs , , but no grease was dripping , , i imagine if your running lag bolts with this , , it would get real hot , , it is light weight and doesnt bust your rist up while useing it , , i have other impacts that claim to put out high torque rateings and they dont get close to it either , , so i would have to rate this a 2 1/2 stars and it would hold its weight against all the other 1/2 impacts , , but for its name TORQUEBUSTER , i would take that off of the products image , , , -LRB- SOMEONE PLEASE INVENT A REAL TORGUE ELECTRIC IMPACT -RRB- porter cable has always been a good quality tool , , so i ask the same question -LRB- WHY DID YOU BUILD THIS ??? -RRB-
 Do not waste your time or money on this tool ... you will only return it after being thoroughly disappointed . A cheap cresent wrench will outperform this impact tool !
 Many of you must have noticed that various manufacturers of power tools are `` giving away '' flashlights with cordless drills , etc. . Well , this is how they make money , by charging $ 5 for ONE flashlight bulb ! What a ripoff . In my experience , these light bulbs are cheaply manufactured and blows out in matter of weeks , not years.I recommend that you search for `` 4-LED Flashlight '' on Amazon.com and , for a bit more money , buy one of these LED models for which you NEVER have to replace the bulbs .
 My local big box store sold me this bulb for my Porter Cable 18v Lithium Flashlight -LRB- model PCL-180FL -RRB- . After about one half hour of continuous use the flashlight stopped working . Upon opening up the lens holder I discovered the bulb had melted through the bulb holder . Fortunately , the Porter Cable service rep took pity on me and is mailing me replacement parts so I can fix my flashlight . None the less , before buying this bulb , make sure it is truly compatible with your flashlight or you may end up destroying your flashlight . The correct bulb for the Porter Cable 18v series of flashlights -LRB- e.g. PCL-180FL and PCL-18FL -RRB- is a KPR 18v 0.3 amp krypton bulb -LRB- Porter Cable part number # 90534275 -RRB- . Ultimately what Porter Cable/Dewalt -LRB- they are the same company -RRB- need to do is release an LED conversion kit for their flashlights .
 I do n't know what annoys me more the fact that I paid 10.00 for the bulbs , or the 10.00 shipping charge . If that is the type of vendors that sell from your sight I will think twice before using Amazon again . I do n't mind a person making a profit but that was not only excessive , but sneaky . Not fair , I feel that I was had ! Live and learn.Ray
 Product arrived on time as advertised with no problems . Shipping was outrageous . I did n't note it at the time and would not have ordered if I had of noticed . That was my fault . For $ 10 shipping I would have thought that it would have been hand delivered within an hour . They made good money on that one .
 It costs about 80 cents to ship these anywhere in the states via postal service , yet RFBDirect seems to have a flat rate of $ 7 . They must be Lunar based . Also , these are garbage bulbs anyway . For the price of a Dewalt tool , you would think they could make a better bulb !
 While I was impressed with the packaging and speed of delivery that was the end of my satisfaction . The greenhouse is very cheaply constructed and unless you are 4 feet tall total useless without an extention to the base . It took just over 3 hours to assemble and this includes going to the hardware store to replace the cheap aluminum screws they sent , 8 of them broke while tightening and of course there where no extras sent . The panels used are of the cheapest plastic known to man , you would think for this price they would be double pane but nooooo . Avoid this RION GREENLINE or RION HOBBY Greenhouse , unless you buy it for $ 99.00 . That 's what it is worth .
 This greenhouse looks nice however the plastic strips that hold the windows in are difficult to secure properly and will pop-out when the wind blows or the sun heats them up so they curl-up and come out . We contacted the company and they sent more strips which I decided to `` glue '' into place with my caulking gun and some clear silicone . It was still difficult to get all the windows secure . We finally took the thing apart and returned it .
 missing parts , and mfg. co. dodge questions about product placing entire blame on you . Making you out to be an idiot . They can shove it .
 This was a gift and when it arrived I was a bit disappointed not at all what I expected and was really expensive
 This product did not work right out of the box . It heated up fine but no fog . I checked the things the manual said to check with no luck . The pump did n't seem to be pulling any insecticide up into the tube . Seeing it looked pretty simple , I unscrewed the brass fitting at the end of the tube that pulls the insecticide into the burner . Inside is a small ball bearing that acts as a ball valve , and a spring . I suspect the spring was either misaligned or the brass fitting was screwed in too tightly to allow the valve to function properly . I replaced the components , screwed the brass fitting back on , and the pump now functioned fine . I still have the fogger , but only because I ca n't find an inexpensive alternative that performs any better .
 I agree with Lloyd this is not universal , if you got Briggs and Stratton , am tellin you just waste your money .
 These pads looked good and were the right size for my chairs . But they did not adhere properly and kept sliding off , leaving gooey marks on the floor . I will try a different brand the next time .
 These felt pads are supposed to keep your floors from looking scuffed up but all they do is leave glue on the floor and it ends up looking worse !
 When I decided to buy the product was because you show in the picture two boxes with tools and I only recived One box . Why ???
 Lasted 5 minutes , both the connector that came with this and the one that came with the tip both broke . Plastic not make for anything over 1,000 PSI .
 I found that this was not compatible with my pressure washer . Unfortunately I did n't have time to try it out before the return time . Now I am stuck with a &#34; universal &#34; replacement gun and hose that either does not function properly or is n't compatible not sure which .
 Ill have to use this as a backup . Its just 2000 psi Most power washers today are 2700 and up . The price is ok and if your running Two Guns it will work But , Do n't hook it to anything with Power . Wish they would have Been truthful about the product Just not telling you the PSI just makes it a lie of admission .
 Hose worked about 4 times then it started leaking , i took the hose off an noticed that the o-ring had a tear in it already . save your money and use a professional pressure washer not one of the millions of cheap ones
 Not so universal
 The Gun and hose itself not too bad , but the connections for the accessories are terrible , they leak badly , everything made of cheap plastic , no sealing quality , got more water on my clothes , than came out of the end of the nozzle
 It said that this was a universal FAIP replacemnet gun and hose . Of course it did not fit m FAIP power washer . Waste of money
 So if you 're reassured by the fact the feedbacks here saying they were only shipped an extension hose and not the gun are four months old or more and thinking that Amazon has it 's act together now and you 'll be OK if you order this now ... DO N'T !!!! Still it 's an extension hose , still it 's not a hose and gun ... AMazon . . come on . . 4 months since this was reported and you acknowledged it as a distribution problem and you 're still shipping the wrong thing , this is in no way acceptable
 Ordered this product and it seems well made , but until you receive the product , there is no statement saying that it is for electric machines only . Deception by omission . POOR POOR POOR
 This product was bought by mistake . After I looked at it , I 'm glad I took the UPS hit and returned it .
 FAIP PowerWasher Replacement Gun and Hose # 80012I have a Powerwasher unit , so logically assumed this would work to replace a leaking hose . Wrong ! I called Powerwasher . They said 80012 is not a part number they use . This apparently was made by somebody else and is thus misrepresented on the Amazon web site . The problem ? The connection on the hose is a different diameter than on my Powerwasher unit .
 Absolutely useless . Power washer broke the first time I used it . Terrible product , terrible service , useless phone helpline staffed by morons . NEVER buy anything made by this company .
 Pruchased this hose exactly 13 months ago . Worked great with my pressure washer up until yesturday when the hose seperated from the gun . It looks like it can not be repaired . So , either buy ANOTHER hose or a new pressure washer ... I think I will go with a new pressure washer this time around . It had 5 stars in my book , but after breaking with little use and stored well , I ca n't say so much for long term reliability so I gave it 2 stars .
 Extremely Cumbersome to use as the hose is very inflexible and tangles easily .
 I ordered this item , the FAIP PowerWasher Universal Replacement Gun and Hose Kit # 81K053SH but instead I got this , Powerwasher 1/4-Inch by 25-Foot Universal Extension Hose for Pressure Washers #EXT 102F1SH . I requested a replacement hoping Amazon would see the error but still amazon sent the same WRONG item . I got fed up so I requested a refund instead . I just hope they wo n't refund to the WRONG credit card . BE VERY CAUTIOUS WHEN ORDERING THIS ITEM : FAIP PowerWasher Universal Replacement Gun and Hose Kit # 81K053SH .
 I also received two hoses and no guns after ordering the `` replacement gun & hose kit '' . Amazon customer service said that they would refund my credit card -LRB- has n't happened yet -RRB- because they were having distribution issues with this item . Was told that I 'd be notified via email when the complete kit was available again . Have n't heard from anyone but noticed that site is selling them again -LRB- as opposed to listing a future ship date -RRB- . Would advise that potential buyers contact Amazon regarding inventory before purchasing this product .
 I ordered the Universal Replacement GUN and hose kit , but only recieved an extension hose . I sent it back for replacement , but once again recieved only a hose . The paper inside said GUN and hose kit , and had a picture of a GUN and hose , but no GUN , just a useless extension hose . And , as if yet , I have recieved no refund . Pathetic customer service .
 I received this order a couple of weeks back.This is a two sided 1 PIECE Metric Flip impact socket NOT a `` 2 Piece 1/2 '' Drive Metric Flip Impact Automotive Socket Set '' . I guess that 's where the `` Flip '' comes into play . The 1/2 '' drive is recessed in the middle of the socket . I think you need an extension to use the bit as the 1/2 '' drive is in the middle . You ca n't directly hook up to a standard impact wrench without an extension to the 1/2 '' drive.I do n't know why they called this a socket set , because all I received was one socket and nothing else.I wish they would clear this up in the title and the picture listed for this item.I gave it two stars for this reason , as far as durability , use , etc. . . I have not had the chance to use this socket .
 Good as a back-up but the head is flimsy cheap rubber . Poor craftsmanship . There 's a fringe from the mold that is annoying . The rubber is textured , not smooth . I do n't like the weight balance . It is too light .
 It did n't illicit any kind of reflex ... it needs to be heavier ... also the attending asked me to bring another one ...
 It 's a reflex hammer , but it 's not like the picture , It is a textured rubber and the colors do n't match at all .
 Do not buy it is very cheap rubber and has no weight behind it . The handle edges are sharp and it is uncomfortable to hold.The metal is a cheap alloy . There are ok Chinese products and even more cheap or dangerous Chinese products . This is the latter.I just threw mine away it was n't worth the time to send back.Learn from my lesson just spend a few extra dollars and get something better .
 Installed this & it worked fine for two weeks then started leaking around the large black screw on top . This leak started on it 's own without any interference or vibration/movement . Tried tightening & took apart & retightened . Gasket still appears new with no flaws . Can not stop the leak . I stopped using it .
 I had actually purchased this a few months ago to use as a washing machine sediment filter , and it worked great at first . However it started leaking , and we did n't notice it until we found a puddle on the floor . It was leaking around where the clear bowl screwed on . I tried to tighten it up to stop the leak , but as I was tightening it broke . I wo n't buy another one .
 The clear plastic threaded end leaks badly and no amount of fooling with it would make it stop leaking . Nice looking unit but is faulty in design , at least it was for me . Returning it and getting something else with all metal connections on each end .
 Works fine if you do n't mind 5 % of the water leaking out . Also no accompanying instructions and it cracks easily if you tighten hard trying to stop the leaking . Mine cracked and I had to shave and sand the clear male end to reduce the leaking . Just to clarify , it leaked before it cracked . Other than that , it filters effectively , cleans easily and probably deserves 2 1/2 stars . I would have returned it but could n't find another similar product on the market .
 Finishing a bathroom remodel and finally installing the sconces - the bronze color is beautiful but both of the glass shades were chipped . Very disappointing as we have installed a bar light from this some series in another bathroom and it was perfect . I have to assume these were repackaged and sold as new .
 I never received the correct item although I sent it back two times . I gave up and went to Lowes . When I went back to look at the light again it was changed to another style . Lesson learned , never rely on a picture as it is like buying a pig in a poke . You never know what 's inside . I am an extremely dissatisfied shopper as I had to get something totaly different .
 Case is not as pictured , overpriced for the stupid case that it comes with , false advertising ... Technitool is a waste of time , dont waste your money . . way cheaper at sears .
 There is virtually no way to keep the line taut enough to keep the jaws closed . I suppose it would be alright if you had someone keeping everything tight until you got tension . The description made it sound like it had enough bite to solve this issue ; not true in my experience .
 This appliance truck is decent , but could be much better . In the first 2 weeks -LRB- heavy use -RRB- both of the kick-out wheels stripped out and fell off , and the belts on the stair-climbers both shredded . The company sent me replacements , but the replacement kick-out wheels have again stripped out . the problem is a design flaw I think , as you can not get the wheels tight enough for the locking washer to work . As the nut loosens , the weight on the wheel strips the bolt.Also , the stair climbers are very hard to actually get to move , so they end up shredding the black belts instead of sliding along the tracks as they should . I sprayed them down with some industrial lubricant after I installed replacements and they seem to work ok now.All in all it is not a bad appliance truck , but the kick-out wheels falling off could be EXTREMELY DANGEROUS when carrying a heavy load . I intend to replace them with a different set of wheels that lock in place better.If you are going to spend this much money on an Appliance truck , know going in that may have to invest a few dollars more and get some good caster wheels for the kick out . You might want to spend a few more dollars and get the next model up .
 Yellow Freight has done it again . I have never received a Yellow Freight shipment that was not damaged.The driver shoves the papers to sign in your face & even helps you get the item to the garage and leaves.This customer unwraps and finds unusable product.It looks as though someone purposely took a sledge hammer to it in one spot that makes it unusable.Money thrown away . Once you sign , you loose.I will never buy a product that must be shipped by Yellow Freight again .
 I purchased two of these units . One never worked from the start and I did not use it . The other one was appearing to work , but I got a call the next day that it was flashing and the temperature in the house was 15 degrees above the set point . By the time I was finished with these , I had spent an additional $ 30 dollars on flashers and light fixtures , and driven 160 miles to install and for the false alarm . A waste of time and money !
 Executive summary
 This item did not work , even when a second replacement was sent . I was very disappointed because it was MADE by Honeywell . No matter what temp . you set the thermostat to to energize at it had a mind of it 's own .
 I should have trusted the other reviews . This item is a piece of junk . A waste of money . I tested the item and it worked fine . After being installed for a few weeks I received two false alarms . The Thermometer is just not accurate making this item useless in my opinion . Not what you would expect normally from Honeywell . Oh well ... lesson learned I guess .
 The thermostat inside this product is very unreliable . I have turned the threshold temperature setting all the way down to 30 degrees and the light rigged up to it remains on . Freezing pipes could do thousands of dollars in damage and a false alarm could cost you a great deal of worry and time if you are on vacation . If you need something like this product , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 This product is designed to provide a warning signal to neighbors about too cold conditions in a temporarily unoccupied dwelling . I ran a test outside during a cold evening to see that the device turned on and off at near a set temperature -LRB- about 40 degrees F , in my test -RRB- . It did , turning on a light . The real test will be over the winter , when it , hopefully , will not come on at all . Next spring , I may be able to provide a better review , at least about it not coming on and me not having frozen pipes .
 Not even cold yet and this item has malfunctioned twice ... set 10 degrees lower than the thermostat , it 's set off the warning light twice to have the neighbors checking it out ... NOT a good purchase , but a good idea . Something better than this is needed , do n't waste your $ .
 The product failed out of the box . I am in an unusual situation being unable to immediately return the product and wrote to Amazon requesting an extension on the product return . They have not replied to me .
 I should have listened to some other reviews about false alarms , but trusted the name Honeywell.I had this set to 40 degrees and was notified by a neighbor that the light went on.After going to the home where the alarm was , I found that my whole home -LRB- 2 zone heat -RRB- was 52 degrees , just like I set the thermostats.I can no longer trust this product -LRB- a recent purchase -RRB- and would not recommend it .
 Installed by our Plumbing and Heating Specialist . It did not work right out of the box . Set the Watchman at 45 degrees and it came on when the acutal temperature was above 50 degrees . Reset it for 40 degrees , and it still gave a false alarm . It has been returned . We will try a wireless therometer next -LRB- supposedly good for over 300 feet -RRB- .
 have had nothing but problems with this so far heat set at 55 winter watchman set at 40 and keep getting calls that the light is on have tried turning up the heat and lowering temp on the unit still no luck think twice before buying this thing !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I thought this woudl solve my problems of freezing pipes in the wintertime . It is a POS . It is inaccurate , inconsistant , and not worth the postage it took to send it to me .
 I have owned this device for a few years to monitor low temperature in my vacation home . I set it up to turn on a red light in a window visible to a helpful neighbor . I set the device to turn on the light when it monitored 40F degrees temperature , ten degrees below the temperature set on the house furnace thermostat . Initially it seemed to work . Later it began turning on the light regardless of the room temperature . I moved the device several times to no avail thinking it was influenced by a draft off the window or was too low to the floor . Then , I conducted one more overnight test . I located it immediately adjacent to the room thermostat which was set at 50F and set the Winter Watchman at 40F . In the morning the house thermostat read 50F and the WW had turned on the warning light creating a false alarm . I 've given up on it and the annoyance it has created for a friendly neighbor .
 I bought one of these and my daughter and neighbor checked for a light to go on . Our furnace went out . The water pipes froze and this device never worked . With ice in the toilets my daughter checked the device and it never worked . Do n't trust it !
 I read the bad reviews , but decided that if I got one that worked out of the box , it would be fine . Nope . Mine worked for a couple weeks , then just quit . Do n't buy it for any situation where your depending on it , because it will eventually fail .
 After using this for 3 weeks and having the light turn on twice when the temperature had not even fluctuated , I threw it out . What a waste of money . Honeywell must have bought this idea from someone else and put their name on it , OR they really do n't care about quality products anymore .
 Temp setting seems useless . No mateer what temp we set the light was on . We keep heat at 50 and set at 45 , light on , set at 40 light on , set at lowest temp light off . We can not trust it so we bought a different solution .
 For a simple device how can Honeywell build such a piece of junk . Never worked right from the box . The least Honeywell could do is test them in the factory before shipping . I Give the company an F grade for sheer stupidity for lousy workmanship and no quality control and allowing this junk to be built with their name on it .
 Unstable and Unreliable . Really cheap . Honeywell could do better , particularly on a thermostat . Does n't work most of the time .
 It has taken me some time to set this Honeywell CW200A1032 correctly . I want it to turn on at 45 , so I need to set it around 30 because if I set it at 35 . it turns the light on at 50 . I am sorry I purchased this . The older models were much more reliable . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE UNLESS YOU HAVE A LOT OF FLEXIBILITY .
 Honeywell can do much better . For a company that works with all kinds of industrial and retail controls you would think they could create a simple , inexpensive device to turn a light on and off within a few degrees . I purchased two of them , against the better judgement of the other reviewers , and they were right . I tested them with my very accurate dial thermometer in my home freezer . They are not consistent individually or together . They turn on randomly over a temperature range of 6 to 10 degrees . I would not trust either of them to warn of a freeze . Honeywell should be ashamed to sell such an unreliable control .
 When I tapped my fingernails on this `` tiffany stained glass '' lamp shade it sounded just like my tupperware bowl ...
 We received this but its missing ALL kinds of parts . There is no way to contact the company and my only course of action seems to return it . Sad for the hassle but no communication is a bad deal .
 Never got it so I ca n't say nothing about it . Maybe it was junk an they did n't want to send it out .
 I despise this drill so bad I had to write a review to warn people . I also own a DeWalt 727 3/8 `` cordless drill and a Craftsman 1/2 '' cordless drill - both which I like alot . I wanted a second drill so that I did n't have to keep swapping back and forth between pilot drill and screw bit during a project at my camp -LRB- Craftsman was not available -RRB- . At Home Depot while picking up other supplies , they had the Hitachi and a DeWalt 12V for $ 69.00 . I thought Hitachi was of equal quality with DeWalt so I fell for the free flashlight that came with the Hitachi -LRB- I also thought the green paint was sexy -RRB- . This drill is built like a Ryobi . The chuck is so cheap it wo n't hold a drill . You have to keep re-tightening it or get a set of drills with the hex heads so that they do n't slip . The batteries do n't hold a charge like the DeWalt does , they go flat relatively quick . The DeWalt has a one-handed chuck that never slips and batteries that seem impossible to discharge . I am really hot at myself for not going with the DeWalt especially when I knew how good they were.Ken
 At first I really liked the light weight of this drill and it seemed to have adequite power . After I left the drill for two days and tried to use it ... the battery was dead . . I used the second battery that was fully charged . . same thing , when I tried to use it , battery dead . . I returned this drill , traded for a Porter Cable 18 volt for the same money . . so far so good ...
 I baught this remembering how hitachi mades such good drills before . I really loved them . 1 month after I baught it the charger went bad . . 1 year warranty ... LOL . Ya if you can get hold of the people or try to get a return call I would be amazed . Waranty is worthless without someone to take it . . By Something else with a trustworthy company .
 I have two of these drills , both purchased about the same time two years ago -LRB- June 2010 -RRB- . I purchased the second drill because the first one worked so well and the price was very good . My error was simple . I counted on an average 4 to 5 years of battery life . I was wrong . The batteries , four of them , are all dying after 2 years . They no longer hold a charge for long , so I am looking at buying new or rebuilt batteries . The new ones are 45 dollars each on Amazon . If I buy only two I am out 90 dollars . While that is still less than a new drill with a battery -LRB- at least a new Milwaukee , DeWalt , Bosch or Mikita -RRB- , I do n't want to lay out 90 dollars every two years . Having all 4 batteries dying at once was an eye opener.The drill itself has plenty of power and is excellent ergonomically . The drill has a bit holder that allows the user to put two screwdriver bits on the drill . Pretty good , although they seem to ware over time as the bits now slip out sometimes - which they did not do when I first bought the drill . The drill chuck does NOT hold the drills well . No chance of snapping off a drill bit with this chuck . It will just spin . No matter how hard I try to twist the chuck the drill bits will not hold in tough material . It is probably the worst keyless drill chuck I have ever used . To get around this I normally use a hex bit holder and put a hex bit into that . The base of the hex bit holder is a hex itself allowing the drill to hold better . Another problem I have had from time to time is the chuck letting even hex sided bit holder and bits come loose . How is beyond me . Guess I need to call Sherlock Holmes to tell me what is going on.So I gave the tool two stars and , even at the great price I paid for the drill , I will not be buying another . Guess I will skip the batteries and get another brand of drill . Or stick to corded drills . Lets face it . We pay for a corded drill once and it will last forever -LRB- at least a good brand like those listed above will -RRB- , but no matter what brand of cordless drill we buy the batteries will need replacing at some point - usually 5 years . And the batteries are the largest part of the cost of a drill . Hummm ... so how much are extension cords?AD2
 I purchased this combo set about 9 months ago . It still looks good but I think its about done.The motors much slower , I ca n't make it through the day on either battery . And I 'm maybe using it for 15 mins . Its alright going into drywall but forget using it more then for 3 or 4 11/2 '' deck screws . I do like wieght and the flashlight will last for about a half hour .
 I work on Microwave Stations . I take care of my tools exceptionally well ; I do n't drop them , mistreat them or abuse them . A spare can quite often be 1200 feet below and the effort needed to achieve work position necessitates the minimum load during tower acsention . The problem with Hitachi drill is the way the battery is locked in the place . Two very small tabs along side the batteries break very easy during insertion . The broken tabs allow the battery to fall loose from the tool endangering anyone or anything beneath the work area , be it 3 feet or 1200 feet . Anything impacted by the falling battery is subject to injury or damage . The tool works very well and is comfortable but be cautious .
 Yes , it 's a nice item and they do give you a good value for the money ... However , Not enough torque for hardly any project even though it 's 12volts !!! It really acts as a 7volt unit !
 Small drill bits slip and do n't turn half the time or the screw driver bits fall out if you hold it pointing down . Very lousy chuck . Very disapointed wo n't buy another hitachi drill again . Buy a Dewalt or Milwaukee drill far superior .
 I bought this set for my wife since she wanted some tools in case she ever wanted to do something around the house . The flashlight went out on the first day when we received it . It 's not the bulb . the light just stopped working . The drill is weak and I do n't see it lasting much longer either . If you want decent tools I guess you have to pay for them .
 I ordered this when I ordered a Hitachi Miter Saw . This oil is for Chain Saws . I think that it should say that in the description . I was going to return it , but it is not worth the cost .
 Two traps only caught one mole . I had better luck drowning with drowning the little buggers out with the garden hose . My neighbors cat also offered some assistance .
 We 've had the trap set -LRB- in various locations -RRB- for a month or so now and have n't caught one mole . I 'm impressed by those who have caught moles but it 's not that easy . We 've tried the stick that makes a pulsating noise , moth balls , grub killer and the trap with no success . I 've asked friends and the only success they have had is with rat poison .
 I purchased several mole traps recently . This one requires that the mole tunnel be large , deep or that you must dig slots deeper than the bottom of the moles regular tunnel . The moles I was trapping were making runs just under the grass . This required more digging than the others and for that reason alone it is not my favorite . especially since there are mole traps that are easier to set and in my case caught moles .
 We have tried this product everywhere and followed directions to the letter . We still have yet to catch one mole !!!
 This fixture arrived quickly , and there were no problems with the installation . However , and this is a big however , the glass of the bowl is so thin that not only are the light bulbs absolutely apparent but the bulb sockets are as well . In no way does this light , when installed and lit , look like the picture on the Amazon page . And now , of course , I have the choice of putting up with it or getting the electrician back here to disassemble the light , repackage it , and in the meantime have no light in the bathroom . A most disappointing product .
 This product arrived with chips in many places that were obviously spot painted with something to try and mask them . It was supposed to be NEW from Target . When I returned the item for this reason , amazon charged me for the return shipping and restocking saying that was n't their error . I ended up losing money on this cheap item and having to find another vanity light .
 This shade does not have a 10 inch fitter . The widest diameter of the shade is 10 inches . The `` fitter '' is neck where the shade attaches to the fixture . This shade has a 3 inch fitter . Buyer beware .
 I bought this tool last weekend for a bathroom project . I used it about 4-5 times to cut some drywall . When I went to change out the extension , I found that my keyless chuck is stuck . It will not open up no matter what I do . I will be returning this over the weekend.I searched Google for `` Rotozip Keyless Chuck '' and found a forum where the person had the exact same problem .
 This product was useless . It was basically a very cheap tape patch with adhesive that was so weak that it fell of the screen within hours . Save your money and dont purchase this .
 This product is clear tape with a screen print . Not what I expected and it did n't stay on very well .
 This product is basically tape with a screen pattern on it . I tried it on my screen door , but my dogs just scratched itb off . Total waste of money ! You are better off using duct tape , at least that wo n't come off .
 Bought a Lanskys Diamond kit ,5 stone kit from Amazon.com a few months back ! The coarse stone was coarse'er than the EXtra coarse stone and vice versa ! After calling Lanskys to voice my concern ! I Had to pay $ 7 bucks to send these new stones back to Lansky to get the right stones in the right grit ! Ordered 3 More stones last week , 1 EXCoarse and 2 Coarse and got an ex-coarse , a coarse and another one that said it was a coarse but more like a medium ! I 'm holding 2 brandnew so-called coarse diamond stones in my hand and they do n't even come close to being the same ! It is no doubt that their product is not consistant , or maybe they do n't know about quality control , or maybe I should have stayed away from the diamond stones ! or I got ta spend another $ 7 bucks to get what they advertise ! I DO N'T THINK SO !
 I bought this kit some time ago based upon previous good experience with AC powered Makita tools . I am sorry I did and should have bought Dewalt or Milwaukee . The saw is under powered . The Recip saw required repair and the drill is only okay . As far as I am concerned , the flashlight is the only really good tool , and the optional hand blower I also picked up , which I use almost daily . Buying this kit cured me of considering Makita in the future . I have a big horse ranch , use a lot of tools , and need a brand I can depend upon , which is n't Makita !
 Twice in a row I received not the advertised 5/8th arbor size but a 3/8th for a large waste of time .
 I returned this item because it does not have a 5/8 inch arbor , as advertised . It has a 3/8 inch arbor , which means it will only fit cordless saws .
 I had two problems with my order of this wrench set.First of all , the description is misleading . It says that it is a 12 piece wrench set WITH rack . But the 12th item IS the rack , there are only 11 wrenches included . The description should either read
 It 's nice looking , but even when it got full sun all day , its shell was never very bright at night . Then it seemed to stop all together and we wondered why , but did n't check it out until it was time to bring it in before winter . When my husband picked it up , he discovered it was filled with water , except there is no way to open up where the water seems to have collected . We will probably set it out again next summer just because it looks ` cute ' , but as a solar light , it 's a total black out .
 I expected the switchplate cover to be a dark colored bronze . Instead it looks silver with a really pale bronze.Had to return the item . very disappointed .
 I bought 8 of the32 watt full spectrum flourescent light bulbs to replace the overhead flourescent bulbs in my office . I guess I did n't do enough research because the light emitted was horrible . They were nowhere near bright enough and gave me a headache.People would walk into my office and comment on the light being so strange and poor . I had asssumed that the wattage would be sufficient - it was n't . I had to take them down and put old bulbs back in .
 Ordered six , which arrived in a timely manner , but when installed one of the six did n't work . For the amount of money involved vs. the hassle of returning , I wo n't , but it does affect my review . Lights that do work are bright , not flickery or weird colors like so many fluorescents .
 I ordered the TPI Model # CE-12-DS exhaust fan from Northern Tool through Amazon . The fan was rated by both Amazon and Northern Tool as a three-speed fan with flow rates of 1600/2200/2750 CFM . I needed to do extensive renovations before using the fan and so I did not get to install the fan for about a year after I ordered it from Amazon . The fan was easy to install and worked when I plugged it in . However , the flow rates seemed lower than I expected . I checked the original specification in my conformation email from Amazon to confirm that I did order the right fan . I then surfed the web including the Amazon web site to see if there was any information on the flow rates for this fan . Amazon no longer gives the flow rates for the fan , but when I went to the Northern Tool web site , the fan is now advertised with flow rates of 560/710/825 CFM or less than 1/3rd of what was originally advertised . I contacted Northern Tool in an email , and they wrote to contact TPI . However , when I called TPI , they said that they had always listed the fan with the correct flow rates . Northern Tool now lists the correct flow rates on their web page , but what appears to be the same 12 '' fan is still listed with the flow rates of 1600/2200/2750 CFM in the 2011 master catalog that I have . I contacted Norther Tool again by email to complain , but they responded that they would not do anything because the fan was out of warranty -LRB- by about two weeks -RRB- . The fan is a good product if the flow rates listed by the original manufacturer are adequate , but it is woefully inadequate if the customer actually needs the originally advertised 2750 CFM as I did .
 As others have said , this company and products should be completeley avoided . We are residential builders and installed two Seisco units in a home we built . Circuit board for one unit had to be replaced within months of install.Now a few years later the circuit boards for both units have failed and customer serivce says they will not have another circuit board to send us for a week . That means no hot water for the home and residents for a week or more . Simply unbelievable.They do not take their business seriously it seems and when we have tried to contact David Seitz , the designer and apparent owner of the company , he has never responded . Years ago there were only a few manufacturers that made whole house electric units . Now there are many more and most of the large companies have product offerings . If you are dead set on using an electric on-demand unit our advice is to stick with a large company and prferably a known brand.Needless to say we will never buy products from them again .
 The product might work ; however , the only reason I bought these towelettes over others was that they advertised 500/box . NOT SO . I did a quick count , approximately 100 per box . For the price , it was not worth returning.Uvex S468 Clear Towelettes , 500/box
 Found that some of the towelettes were dried out and those that were not they were not wet enough . Would not recommend them .
 Wow , I purchased this paint in the quart size for my sprayer to restore some antique lamps with a metallic gold . This color is NOT gold but a putrid swamp greenish slime . I 'm not kidding . this is not a color I would want on my lamps and it can not be returned since it is a flammable liquid . Rustoleum paints are great but someone there needs to recheck the color chart on this one . It is NOT GOLD . I went over to Home Depot and found what I really needed but could n't find online at Amazon
 I had a pretty big project to work with , a 3 ' x 6 ' piece of wood to which I wanted to apply some sort of texture . I tried the the brush-on paint first . Almost impossible to get a consistent texture with this stuff . If you put it on thick , you get big bumps . If it goes on thin , little bumps . This stuff dried so quickly on the surface and on the brush that I could n't work with in order to get even coverage and thus , a consistent texture . If you go over an area that 's semi dry it dulls the finish as well . So what I ended up with was an inconsistent texture with some dull streaks . Granted I 'm working with this in the summer in Texas so Rustoleum ca n't be blamed for the super fast drying times.I figured I could fix the inconsistency problem with the spray can version . This did help a lot but again , when I sprayed over an area that I had painted previously , I got the dull streaks again . Very cheap and unprofessional looking.If you 're going to work with this stuff , do it when the weather is relatively cool . Also spray your whole piece all at once with even coverage . Let it dry . Give THE WHOLE THING another coat . If you kinda spot spray with it , you 'll get crap.I do n't know that you can blame Rustoleum for the difficulties this product presents . There must be some strange chemical mix that causes is it to get lumpy and bumpy , so I do n't know that you could get that effect and have it behave like normal paint . So if you 're going to work with this stuff on a large scale-don ' t bother with the brush on stuff , work in weather that allows slower drying , try for even coverage , do n't spot spray.Maybe in the future they could add something that slows the drying . I think this would help with consistency
 I tried using this product , and its spray can version , on some unfinished tin tile panels . This paint is similar to working with epoxy glue , but using the spray can is better than the quart cans . It is very thick in order to produce the hammered effect , which by the way it does so-so . It certainly does n't look like the label suggests . More importantly , there is no brand of rollers known to man , including Purdy , that does n't get lots of fibers stripped and embedded in the paint . The paint gives you mere seconds to work with it , and if you go over the same area twice within a few seconds like a normal painter does , it produces long strings that become embedded in the paint . It was just a hideous mess . It ruined my project , cost me immense time and expense to strip and repaint , and I complained so bitterly to Rustoleum that I told them to yank it off the shelves . I strongly suggest to others that they use another brand if they want this effect .
 the item should be pack differently . the front page of the product comes damage . Damage in away that it is melted so that the first page is useless .
 BUYER ! PLEASE BE ADVISED ! THEY POST THE WORD FLASHLIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- WITH AN S . THEY POST A PICTURE OF `` 4 '' FLASHLIGHTS ! THEY TELL YOU YOU CAN KEEP ONE IN THREE DIFFERENT LOCATIONS AS OPPOSED TO USING THE WORD `` OR '' . THEY CHARGE 19.95 , BUT THIS IS ALL ONLY FOR ONE FLASHLIGHT ! JUST ONE ! WHILE OTHERS CHARGE 6.99 AND 7.25 FOR THE EXACT SAME 21 LED FLASHLIGHT , THEY CHARGE 19.95 , USE THE WORD FLASHLIGHTS < < < AND SHOW 4 LIGHTS . MISLEADING ! THEY TELL YOU YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF FOUR , BUT NOWHERE DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE ANYTHING ! JACKS TOOL SHED SELLS THE SAME LIGHT FOR ABOUT 7.25 . THINK ABOUT IT . WHY ARE THEY SHOWING 4 LIGHTS , HAVE PLURAL LIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- AND CHAGE 19.95 FOR THE SAME EXACT LIGHT ? ALTHOUGH SOME HAVE TOLD ME THAT YOU RECEIVE LIGHTS WITH BURNED OUT LED 'S / NOT SURE , BUT YOU GET THE PICTURE . VERY SAD !
 wrong type for my windows . is for newer model window . BB has a bad habit of making changes in the middle of production .
 The lamp arrived very quickly , it is a beautiful design , but the bulbs were horrible . They have 2 prongs on the end to connect to lamp . Impossible to find replacements . My genius husband , converted the sockets to regular bulbs .
 I was misled by the description `` Ventilator '' . No ventilation , they fog up immediately .
 THIS A VERY EXPENSIVE LITTLE FLASHLIGHT ! NOT WORTH THE $ $ $ $ ... . WO N'T BUY IT FOR THIS PRICE !! NO WAY ! BRING PRICE DOWN IN ORER TO SELL IT !!!
 With the overwhelming number of positive reviews for this alarm , we had really high hopes . Our 10 year old son has always been wet at night , almost every night . We tried waking him up at a set time every night , limiting fluids before bed , all the usual stuff but nothing seemed to help . We even tried a medication recommended by the doctor but I was hesitant to try a prescription drug for something that he would eventually outgrow on his own.The first few weeks he used the alarm , it sometimes woke him up and sometimes did n't . When it did n't wake him up , we went in there and got him up to use the bathroom . Mind you , we had it on full vibrate and sound mode , with it rotating the sound every night.It 's been three months now , and we 're still getting very mixed results . He does wake up dry on some nights , but probably not much more than half the time . Often the alarm will not wake him up at all , or -LRB- I am just guessing here -RRB- , he must be turning it off and going back to sleep without really being fully awake.One tip - apparently if you use it a lot -LRB- as we did -RRB- , the metal contacts within the sensor can become corroded and the sensor will stop working . As another reviewer pointed out , you can disassemble the sensor to get at the insides , and fortunately it was an easy matter to clean off the contacts and get it working again . Hopefully we do n't have to do this a lot though , as taking it apart is putting stress on the plastic pieces holding it all together.At this point I am skeptical that it will every work , since our son seems to sleep right through it , but we are going to keep at it , and put a baby monitor in his room so we can be sure to get him up right when the alarm goes off . I 'm glad other people are having success but I thought I needed to post a counterpoint here to show that it 's not so `` amazing '' for everyone .
 This is a well made device . I took quite the beating while in use here with our two boys.We used this alarm for about a year total with both of our sons , unfortunately neither one had stopped wetting at night . The first -LRB- 8year old -RRB- was getting to the point where he could make a night or two each week waking up dry in the morning after 9 months of continuous use . The telephone jack connector finally broke and by the time I got a replacement he had relapsed and became frustrated , not wanting to try any longer . So the younger -LRB- 6 years old -RRB- said he was ready to try so try we did . After 3 months and no progress he refused to wear it any longer . I could n't see forcing either of the boys , they are both real good about the problem and I did n't want to sour them on future attempts . I will say that this alarm/vibrator never waked either boy and it required them either to sleep with Mom and Dad or one of us sleeping with them . Good Luck !
 I would like to tell parents my painful experience of why they should NOT buy a Malem alarm . We purchased it and IT WAS A BIG MISTAKE . The WORST purchase I ever made on Amazon is a Malem Alarm.It may seem that I am being critical of this alarm , but I am simply stating the obvious facts that are related to this product and make sure parents are aware of what are the critical issues that you need to be aware of prior to purchasing an alarm.USELESS Alarm - It is very expensive , unreliable , difficult to program and breaks very easily . Do n't get high hopes for customer support either . They may help you once or twice . After that , they will not help you any further even if the product is under warranty.Our doctor had recommended using an alarm for our 7-year-old and after reading the stellar 5-star reviews I purchased this alarm unit . It 's pricey and I thought you get what you pay for , but I was way off . The purchase of this alarm has turned out to be a frustrating experience for all of us.Dead On Arrival - We were plagued with technical issues from the first day . The unit we received was Dead on Arrival . I called customer support and they agreed to ship me a replacement . Thank you ! But that 's is when the misery started.Oversized Alarm - The description is n't accurate enough . For my 6-year old , the alarm box is bulky and heavy . He has complained that as he moves in his sleep , the alarm box moves too and hurts his neck . Unfortunately we had him sleep with it at night for 8 months.If your child moves in bed , my suggestion is you look elsewhere.Substandard Quality Alarm - One night , he removed the alarm box and it dropped from his bed to the hardwood floor and the alarm box suffered a minor crack . The plastic is not nice and will break easily.Take care . It the product falls from even 3-4 feet , it will break.Major Electrical Problems - The unit is very unreliable . We had 8 months of random electrical issues with the malem . Many users have complained in the past and I am writing the same . It goes off when it 's not supposed to and wo n't go on when it 's supposed to . This is a MAJOR FLAW in my opinion.Faint tone - He has woken up completely wet several times at night and till this day , the alarm will not wake him up.The vibration is very faint and alarm tone is also ineffective in waking up children.The unit is also very difficult to program . They give you a toothpick to program the alarm box . There are little white buttons in there which need to be flipped to get the right music to play.TIP
 The alarm is not loud . It does not wake up my 7 year old daughter . She moves in her bed and the alarm sound gets muffled under the blanket . So far , in the last 4 weeks , the alarm has woken my daughter only about 3 -4 times . I wish this alarm were louder . Also its bulky for anyone under 8 years old . Its kinda clunky.We have gone back to pullups . She will outgrow the problem someday .
 After reading numerous reviews , and getting this recomendation from our doctor , we decided to purchase this alarm . I was very excited about it and had high hopes for it . However , we had to replace the batteries twice a week - learned that the hard way - with a wet bed . And now the darn thing does n't even work after having it less than a MONTH !! We decided to get the more exensive alarm because my child is a deep deep sleeper and thought ` if we are going to invest in this alarm might as well get the best one . ' Yes , it did wake my child up . So I gave it 2 stars for when it was working . However , it 's already broken . So lets hope we can replace this one and get another and try again or get our money back .
 Product did its job for 3 nights . Despite concerns about the comfort of the clip/cable/shoulder pack , my child -LRB- a deep sleeper -RRB- awoke in time to get to the bathroom before any damage was done . But when trying to install it on the 4th night , the alarm sounded every time the sensor cable was attached . Both the alarm and sensor seem poorly/cheaply constructed -- not what I expected for a $ 100 + moisture sensor . I 'll be returning it and trying a different brand . I 'm convinced the concept will work , but I do n't think I got what I paid for .
 The idea seems good that someone -LRB- or something -RRB- would wake my son if he peed at night . However this is n't working . Granted that he has woken up a few nights , but that is about 4-5 times in the last 90 days . The last several weeks he has not responded to the alarm . We have been very patient and followed the advice of others who have used alarms in the past -LRB- with limited and mixed success -RRB- . The problem is that it is n't loud . He moves around a lot and the sound gets muffled under the sheets.We have discontinued the alarm . 3 months was too long not to make progress .
 My son is not using because he did not realize he had to wear &#34; NORMAL &#34; undies instead of boxers . My son is older so it would probably work better for a kid that is younger than 12 .
 The beeping part comes with a plastic stick and an array of buttons to program . You have to be a genius/scientist to get it all figured out . You will have to open the unit and use the stick to change the music.We lost the stick , so now we are having difficulty with the product . Anyway , the product is not working even after 3 weeks . We have broken the easy clip and had to pay for replacements which in my opinion are not worth it.I was waking up 3 times a night and cleaning the sensor with a toothbrush as recommended . In one week , it 's all rusty and potentially dangerous . Nope , this is n't going to work for us .
 Problems from the start
 I ordered the alarm as a last resort for my 7 year old . When it arrived , I helped set it up and told him how it would work . He was eager to start using the Malem.The first night , the product did not beep and he woke up in a pool of urine . Same thing happened over the next 4 nights . I readjusted the clip to his very bottom which was uncomfortable for him , but it was the only way to ensure it found urine . When it did , he screamed and came running to me . The clip is so tight on the underwear that he was not able to take it off and the alarm kept ringing for a full 2 minutes . My son was in tears and shock.He is scared to use the product . He has enough problems . I do not want to add more insult to injury . This is not a good product .
 Ive tried and tried to use the malem alarm but have had no luck . My son just wo n't wake up to the alarm . No matter what . I had some issues with the sensor clip breaking after attaching and removing it from the underwear . I purchased a spare clip , but the same thing happened . I could keep buying replacement sensor 's , but what worries me is that the malem will not wake him up . It 's been about 2 months now . I think its time to quit .
 Worked really well for about 1 week , were making some progress , then it just stopped working . New batteries , addressed the FAQ in the booklet , etc. all to no avail . For $ 90 product I would expect it would last longer than 7 days ...
 I had this for my son , after about 3 weeks of usage , the clip which hooks on to clothes broke so the alarm is allways on and hence not usable . Tried contacting the seller , no response yet.Definatley not worth the ~ $ 120 I paid for it
 I do n't blame the device entirely ... we are a family on sleep meds - and taking those and waking to an alarm every few hours does NOT mix . We stopped using it after two weeks . Never made a lot of progress . Darn . I think it would be a good product if we were n't on such sedating sleep meds .
 I was happy to pay a little more for this wheelbarrow to have it delivered , since I do n't have a car . The directions were limited , but sufficient . However , the provided parts did not line up with one of the pre-drilled holes , stripping one of the bolts . I could n't arrange the parts in any different configuration and , with the limited instructions , could not see any other way to configure the parts .
 After very limited use with grass clippings , mulch , and top soil , the bottom spit ! When filled 3/4 with top soil it bends and shifts side to side . Very poor engineering , very poor construction . Should be pulled off the market ! Shame on you True Temper !
 A little disappointed with this product ... after two weeks with moving topsoil and gravel the plastic base cracked and gave way . I suggest this wheelbarrow be used for avid Gardner for occasional use and not placing heavy soils or stone in it .
 Wheelbarrow arrived missing the handles . Called Ames and they said to call amazon . Amazon overnighted me the handles which took 3 days . This wheelbarrow is poorly made and there is no quality control . I had to drill new holes in handles to get it together , several parts do not line up and it was impossible to mount the front wheel guard without it rubbing on the front wheel , so I will have to fabricate something to make it work . . The front wheel reeks of creosote and the smell wo n't go away . The plastic `` poly '' tray is cheap and flimsy . This wheelbarrow is junk and only good for hauling styrofoam peanuts or air guitars .
 The Ames True Temper Poly wheelbarrow made in China is toxic.The seriously chemical smell was immediately noticeable . I left all the parts outside to air out thinking that smell would dissipate . I then put it together and started using it thinking time would help . The smell makes you sick and even when I took it out of my car the toxic chemical smell remained . I will try to return it but more importantly I am concerned that other people will buy this product because the price is so good and therefore be exposed to harmful toxic fumes .
 It 's an impressive looking device , is n't it ? Well , do n't be fooled by that . I could say a lot of negative stuff about the usefulness of this item ... but let me summarize it in one way
 There is nothing `` bronze finished '' about the base - it is black plastic and that is all.The top piece holding on the shade is also a lightweight black plastic.The `` glass '' shade goes ` thunk ' when struck lightly with keys and so appears to be nice looking from a distance but up close - also made of plastic.I paid quite a lot of money for these two lamps and if contructed of metal and glass - the price would be right!As it is - I have two very expensive plastic lamps.REAL VALUE after seeing them up close is more like $ 75 TOPS!I over paid . Now its your move ! I would n't buy from them again .
 not nearly as anti-fog as expected , not very comfortable , expensive for what you get , below usual `` DeWalt '' quality level
 The description claims that these are anti-fog , they are not . This was the only reason I purchased them , very disappointed .
 These glasses do the job of protecting your eyes , but unless you 're 6 ' 6 &#34; , chances are these glasses are too large for you . They do n't adjust well , and seemed to never find a spot to settle into . Just turning my head to sneeze has sent them flying to the floor . Go for the DPG55-11C for better adjustment and comfort .
 I 'm fairly new to masks so I may have bought the wrong ones . I do n't know . These do not keep smoke out at all!It 's also extremely uncomfortable . I bought a large because I have a medium sized mask that is slightly small . This `` Large '' mask was smaller than my medium one and digs into the bridge of my nose!If anyone can recommend a good comfortable mask to keep gases and smoke out I would appreciate it tons ! : -RRB-
 These glasses broke the first time I used them . I went to clean the lens with a soft cloth and it fell out ! Upon further inspection , I saw how cheaply they went back together.This is truly a case of `` you get what you pay for ! '' Stay away !!!! DeWalt should be embarassed to have their name on these .
 Very disappointed with product , only used one day and lenses kept falling out . Lenses easily scratched . Sorry I bought them .
 The Dewalt glasses I ordered are very comfortable . I am happy with them except for one very important thing . The rubber temples slide on a plastic shaft and when you clean the lenses they have a tendency to come off . Needless to say if you do n't see where they fall you will probably not find them . I have lost one on each of the two glasses I have . I would recommend them if they would make the rubber temples stationary . But for now I 'm looking else where .
 nose pads broke off first day . i liked the flexibility and light weight but the nose pads broke right off .
 I bought this with a tropical fantasy
 well , looks good but not that last long in lens its already scratch all over and kind around shape and not my next choice honeslty .
 This trowel is not a `` Marshalltown '' , at least not in the sense you might expect based on the description . Some of the trowels sold by Amazon as `` Marshalltown '' are actually `` QLT BY Marshalltown '' which is Marshalltown 's `` contractor line '' -- but at least those are made in USA and Marshalltown puts their name on the sticker -LRB- but NOT on the trowels themselves because they are not actually first-class Marshalltown trowels -RRB- . The QLT seems an OK balance between price and quality , and the fact that they are made in USA is great . Just not the trowels for full-time masons.THIS trowel however is made in China by Nu_Pride . Nu-Pride is Marshalltown 's `` Homeowner line '' . The Marshalltown name does not appear on this product or it 's packaging . Essentially dollar-store junk .
 And this is just the product that will HELP you ruin that beautiful wood.I 've been staining wood products -LRB- doors , furniture , household things -RRB- for many , many years . I tried polyshades ONCE and that was enough for me . I applied it to a very old exterior door that I 'd meticulously stripped down to bare wood . I was so disgusted with this product that I waited several days for it to fully dry and then sanded off the whole mess and began again . It really is THAT bad . It does n't save steps , it ruins wood.If you do n't mind having a finish that looks like a hyperactive , sugar-crazed , angry toddler installed super-ugly , wood-grained contact paper over your wooden item , then by all means , try the polyshades.This product is hard to work with and leaves a blotchy , unattractive , is-that-really-wood-or-something-else finish on your natural wood . If you 're accustomed to working with real stains and real poly , Polyshades will drive you to drink.If you want your finished piece to look like it was professionally finished , spend the extra time , money and effort and do it the right way . Apply minwax stain and then apply two or three coats of minwax polyurethane -LRB- with a 220-grit sanding between each coat -RRB- . Yeah , it 's more work but at least you 'll have something to be proud of when you 're done .
 This product stinks , I spent time sanding down a queen size headboard and I have put two coats of this rubbish on and it 's still only about 60 % of the shade of what it 's supposed to be on the can . It 's totally unforgiving with regard to blotchiness , streaks and drips . It is certainly not a time saving product in fact it 's completely the opposite , I would have been quicker using a penetrating stain and three coats of poly . The reason I did not research this rubbish before using it was that I usually use Minwax products and I trust them . Do not touch this stuff with a bargepole !!
 Like the previous two negative reviews , I had the same experience . Contrary to what the reviewer who positively used this item stated , we DID use the pre-stain treatment recommended by Minwax and still had a terrible time with this stain . It is incredibly splotchy despite multiple different techniques we used to apply it . I had a feeling this product was too good to be true , and I was right . I would highly recommend taking the extra time and money to buy a can of good quality stain and a can of sealant . It is well worth it to not attempt to make this shortcut .
 If I could give this product No stars I would . Horrible product . I 'm experienced refinishing wood and should have known better . Do n't buy this product ; you will be very disappointed . Stick to the old fashioned method of staining your wood , followed by a light sanding and 2-3 coats of a quality varnish . I was refinishing some cheap wood doors for garage cabinets and thought I would try this product as it would be a time saver . Wrong ... it 's taking longer . I started with the pre-stain conditioner because I was using a soft wood . Polyshades is very thin and does not soak into the wood very well and it the finish came out very blotchy . I ended up doing 4 coats of this product in order to get a decent finish ... and I let each coat completely dry for 2 to 3 days before doing each consecutive coat . I 'll never use Minwax Polyshades again . I 'm 60 years old and my Dad and Grandfather were both professional painters ; I still can hear his voice telling me , do n't skip steps , do the correct preparation and use the best product available and you will always have great results . Dad was right !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!! I do LOTS of projects and I am a big fan of minwax stains but I do n't know what they were thinking in making this product . I was skeptical when I bought it and for good reason . It 's not like staining and poly-ing is a hard job , but combining the two equals disaster . It is IMPOSSIBLE to put on evenly and you will work yourself to death only to be still disappointed in the finished product . People who rate this product high obviously have no idea what good finished products look like . I was an idiot . I said , `` hey , I can cut some time and effort by buying this stain + poly '' . Bad idea . Do yourself a favor and do it the old fashion way . Buy two cans - stain and poly .
 I bought a gun stock , which is made from Birch wood.I followed the directions on the Minwax Polyshades can to the letter , even letting it dry in my spare room to make sure it was warm enough -LRB- much to my wife 's displeasure -RRB- . I applied it with an old Tshirt to make sure that the coat was as thin and even as possible.Despite this , it is still impossible to get a streak-free finish , but I hoped that with a few coats , the color would even out.The can says that you can apply subsequent coats every six hours .36 hours after applying the first coat of Polyshades , my rifle stock still felt like it had been coated with maple syrup!I realized that it would take weeks to get a decent number of coats on the wood at this rate , so I scraped the crap off before it was too late.A few hours of scraping and a bit of sanding later , and my expensive stock is almost as good as it was before I made the terrible , terrible mistake of using Minwax Polyshades ...
 Introduction/Credibility
 Thin coats . . yes . . tried that . . 2nd coat was a disaster . . scraped it off . . someone must have been lucky . . got thick and splotchy for me almost instantly.if you HAVE to use it . . put on one coat only , but I recommend using a stain then clear poly .
 Do n't use this stuff . It will get thick and blotchy . I did everything according the directions and the finish looks terrible . Its almost glittery and way inconsistent . I 'm now in the process of sanding everything down as best I can and doing the right way with stain + Poly in separate steps . This will ruin your project !
 I am strapped for time and saw that this would be great to use ! Get it all done in one . . Not THE CASE ! I did not get the color I wanted even after 3 coats . . Nowhere NEAR the color on the front . . My wood had blotchy spots all over . . It dried way too fast and gOt tacky within seconds . . I was thinking I did it wrong so sanded EVERYTHING back down only to start again with same results ! This is one frustrated person . . I need a beer !
 I am a 51 year old controls engineer needing a pair of safety glasses for using my laptop PC in an industrial environment . These Dewalt glasses are well built and comfortable but the magnification areas of the lenses are in the wrong location for my liking . They are situated too low and not large enough . They would be ok if all you were doing were reading a book , but when working in an industrial control cabinet or on a laptop , they are unsuitable . For example , the keyboard is in the magnification area but the screen is not . I will instead look for a pair that magnifies over the entire lens . The protective sleeve that comes with these glasses works well.October 2011 update
 Nice pair of safety glasses except the nose pieces fall off . If I buy another pair , I 'll try gluing the rubber nose pieces on . I bought 3 pair , and all of them have fallen off , never to be found . Too bad .
 I received these glasses and they do n't fit my head and flimsy as all hell . Also the distortion in the bi-focal transition is hideous with the bi-focal lens ending up in your line of site vision . I bought these for night riding my motorcycle and the quality and customer service is total junk . I tried returning them ... They want me to ship them back at my cost -LRB- cost more than the glasses are worth -RRB- and they wo n't refund me until they are able to resell them ... meaning I will lose the glasses and my money . Look somewhere else and lesson learned with these clowns !!!!
 Good price , usual fast ship though I ordered 2 pairs , only one came . Emails and phone calls to to both the retailer and Amazon have gone unanswered ... C'mon guys - just ship the other pair or offer a credit ; this is n't hard to satisfy the customer on this one ...
 I get these safely glasses hoping to use them for small intricate work but found them to be less then useless . I recommend any kind of head mounted magnifying glass over these if you plan on doing anything more than reading small text .
 Liked the glasses but the rubber nose pads were an issue from day one . They kept sliding off until I finally lost one . Less than a month of use and I 'm not going to buy that brand again
 These went in the drawer when I received them , and I will only use them in a pinch , or let someone else use them ! Very uncomfortable in my opinion - not a good design .
 I liked the premise of bifocal safety glasses and realize that it may take some time getting accustom to using them . My work takes me to the production floor of various manufacturing facilities . I have found it difficult and in some case 's a safety hazard performing normal things such as going up and down stairs . For me , the `` magnifier '' part of these safety glasses is too high . Unfortunately they do not have an adjustable nose bridge or temple setting . So in order to get the magnifier area low enough I need to put them much lower on my nose , which in some sense defeats the purpose of wearing safety glasses in the first place . Another complaint is that the inside edges of the lenses stick out slightly further than the rubber nose piece . After a couple of days of use the bridge of my nose was sore . On the positive side the quality of the lenses are good and had no issues with the seller .
 Nose pads are serrated and bite into your nose . Although the glasses do n't slip , after a short while they leave marks and become irritable . Otherwise , the glass quality and bifocal area are good .
 Very crappy glasses . First time I wore them one of the lenses fell out . Would never order these again .
 hi i purchase the glasses but the way that are made you see the things like if they are in angle and thats some kind a problem espcialy if you are working in wood , maybe yest for reading , in my personal case i dont recomended .
 I ordered a pair of these and there were scratched out of the box so I sent those back and they sent me another pair that were also scratched . Do n't they look at these before they send them . Not very happy with this order . I will return them again .
 I did n't find any stud , did n't work , if could send it back i willI should ' t give any star to this s *** .
 BEWARE I Saw these straps in the store by my House with two straps as in the picture for $ 22.00 . When i found them on Amazon for $ 17.00 i picked them up , to find out u get one not two as shown in the picture .
 Expensive for what you get . If Iwas to start over , I would buy the looped soft tie downs and then a wide -LRB- 2 in -RRB- set of regular ratchet tiedowns . First use they were checked after 50 miles and had to be tightened each time for every 50 miles until 200 miles . As a general contractor use tie downs almost daily and never encountered the first use stretch theses had . Had bike ratched down hard and after first 50 miles the straps were loose enough to allow wrap around to slip down handle bars which then allowed ratchet mechanism to scuff gas tank . First scuff and mark on paint on my 1600 2005 Vulcan Nomad since buying new . Bought these to tie down bike in new toy hauler , wife said we should get the actual motorcycle tiedowns . $ 300 to get scuff damage fixed . They did not slip on ratchet , they stretched about 2 '' over length first time . On trip returning there was no movement .
 Anything that require heavy cutters to dismember the plastic packaging nightmare this came in is ridiculous . After plowing through that I find little or no instruction on usage and assembly but tons of safety admonitions which were obviously written by the legal department . The smaller set required tools to take it apart , if I did n't need it now I would return it .
 Nose pads are serrated and bite into your nose . After a short while , they leave marks and become irritable . Otherwise , the glass quality and bifocal area are good .
 The basic idea of adding the bifocal lens to the glases is good and useful . However , in these glasses , the bifocal lens takes up way too much vertical field of view , so you are constantly looking through the bifocals when you do n't want to , producing a slight blur to your vision . Consequently you find yourself making little ` adjustments ' frequently - shifting your view up or down . After a while this is a pain in the neck .
 Was thrilled to wear these glasses . Was looking for a product like this for a long time.Unfortunately , they broke on the second day of use . A little glue fixed the problem butthe plastic broke a second time the nest day . what crap .
 These glasses are a great idea ; bifocals allow reading in the sun or viewing dash instruments while driving . But frames are quite large and do not stay on your head like Oakley 's or other quality sunglasses .
 Felt comfortable , tint about right , magnification in correct area , good fit for a medium size head & the only thing they are not polarized so they do n't remove very much glare and clarity on the lake is n't very good .
 dropped them once , HUGE scratch right across the center of the lens . These are supposed to be SAFETY GLASSES , which means they will probably be used in a rough environment . do n't bother to buy these unless you want a single-use pair of safety glasses .
 Terrible quality . Rope was frayed along it 's length and the hoist does not lift evenly due to the weight never being exactly equal.I threw both in the trash after having to uninstall them and patch holes in my garage ceiling . This is a trip to the body shop waiting to happen .
 I ordered thinking the item would be the same as the Racor or another set I had ordered a year ago . Not the case , the problems here : * Rope is a loose weave nylon that slips off the rollers easily -LRB- Racor comes with mountain climbing style tight weave rope -RRB- . * Screws are not very strong and strip easily . I replaced with higher grade wood screws . * Poor grade rollers do not lift the bike evenly.Buy the Racor .
 I bought a couple of these last fall at a significantly reduced price during a `` lightning deal '' . Hung two bikes in my garage this spring and they seemed to go up and down just fine . The problem is , after they hang for awhile , the device becomes difficult if not impossible to get to release and I ca n't get the bikes back down w/o using a ladder . Sort of defeats the purpose of buying the things in the first place ! Do n't waste your money on one of these !
 Beware , the RAD and Racor bike ceiling mounts have minor important differences . Previously I had purchased a Racor , and I thought I was buying the same bike mount when I bought the RAD . The main important difference is the hooks . The RAD 's hooks are `` L '' shaped ; they 're not `` J '' shaped like those in the illustration advertising the product . The RAD 's hooks are also rivited onto the pully assemble and the tension can not be adjusted . The rubber coating on the RAD 's hooks is also short ; it only comes up about 1/2 '' after the turn.If you 're looking for a bike mount , the Racor is also cheaply made , but it 's certainly better than the RAD for only a couple of dollars more .
 It works , but , I had to make several modifications , which took allot of time.Negatives :1 . Thin rope2 . Rope jumps off pulleys often , have to release tension , then re-align rope to fit in the center of the guides .3 . Hooks are at right angles , meaning , when it lifts your handlebars , it is parallel to the floor , flat . Several times the hooks slipped off .4 . Mounting screws are junk . Striped the head of the first Philips screw . I used another screw I had at home.Solutions :1 . With much force , I was able to bend the hooks up slightly w / C clamps . First remember to remove the rubber cover or it will rip .2 . Use your own mounting screws . They will go in far easier , w/o stripping , and will be much stronger.Now it works o.k. , I just have to watch the guides , when hoisting up , as if I go too fast , it derails off the guides.This is my second Hoist . First hoist has better hardware , thicker/stronger rope , and great guides . In five years , my old Hoist has not derailed once . Price was about the same , but , I could n't remember where I purchased the old Hoist . I have two bikes.Suggestion , spend a few more $ , and get a higher quality hoist , something you can put together and have it work , without modifications , or derailed rope .
 I installed it exactly as the directions specified with the exception of using larger lag screws to hold it in . The hooks are the main problem . They do n't hold the bike with much stability at all . The handle bar hook was n't too bad , but it did not inspire confidence . The seat looked the least stable and failed the first time I tested i , t and several times after . I was n't willing to chance parking my care under this for that reason and returned it . If they made the &#34; hooks &#34; hook shaped it would work , but I 'm not willing to spend time modifying them or adding bungie straps to make it safe as some buyers have done .
 My bike fell off when at the top of the ceiling of garage causing $ 70 in damage . Bent handlebars and broken bar end . The hooks on this product are an L shape and have very cheap rubber like end pieces that do not stay on . If the hooks where more of a `` fishhook '' or U shape this item would work out . I may have to drill a hole on each hook and put a bolt through it to keep bike from slipping off the hooks.Also the pulley system does n't work that great , theres a bit of binding and the rope slips off the side of the pulleys sometimes . + when hoisting the bike up , the front and rear does n't go up evenly but at an extreme angle where for example the front of the bike will be pointing down at like a 20 degree angle and sometimes i have to pull on the rope from the rear hooks to even it out - i hope that made sense : >
 I took it down and put up a single hook . I 've been able to salvage some of the parts of this contraption for other purposes , but it 's just so ungainly and impractical that I 'm pissed off that I spent money on it in the first place . If there was a way to engineer it so that the two pulleys always rise at the same rate , then it might have some kind of practical point , but they do n't . I 've got a brand new , very normal standard bike , but this thing was useless . I had to pull on the line with one hand , while keeping a half turn around the provided cleat , and at the same time use my other hand to lift the bike so that it would be straight when it got to the top.Less efficient than just putting a single 3 '' hook in the wall or from a rafter and hanging the bike from the front wheel.Also , the hooks are on pivots and as I would lift with my bike-hand , one or the other would invariable come out from under the seat . I never dropped the bike on myself , but over a long enough time frame it was going to happen either to my wife or to myself.I did however re-use the pulleys to hang my canoe one end at a time and using standard knot-work to attach .
 This bicycle mount is decent at best . It mounts well into the ceiling , u must attach to a crossbeam though , sheetrock will not hold the weight of a bike.The cord will come of the pulleys pretty easily which means u have to climb up a ladder to put them back on track every time , real beatdown . the hooks that u put under the seat & handlebars are not hooked enough & super hard to bend.Not a great product but works decent at best if you have to get your bike off the ground in the garage .
 Does not include the proper bolts to hang correctly . Seemed like more of a pain and hassle than it is worth , and of course I am now outside of my return window and am stuck with these things . I would n't recommend spending money on these things , but if you are bent on doing so , let me know and I can make you a good deal on the three I bought that I decided were n't worth the effort to hang . -LRB- how about that for a sales pitch , eh ? -RRB- . These things are poorly designed and take more effort than it should . My advice is to look elsewhere .
 This is absolute garbage . I bought it thinking I was getting a deal , but when I got it put up , the rope would n't stay on the pulley , and when it came off , it jammed the whole mechanism . Then one of the ropes stopped moving , the bike fell off the hooks and I was lucky that I was n't under it . If you choose to buy it , be sure to wear a hard hat and shoulder pads when raising or lowering your bike , and be sure to only use bikes that you do n't care about . Good luck .
 As others have stated , the photo here shows hooks which are deeply forked , and that 's not what you get . What you get are `` L '' hooks , which may work for bikes , but are clearly unsuitable for holding a kayak . This product comes up in a search for kayak storage , which is clearly wrong .
 Sub-standard quality product made in china.Poor packaging.Don ' t make my mistake and buy rubbish from countries who hate us !
 My husband and I got these thinking that they would open up floor space in our garage . Well , it did open up space , and they are easy to get up and down -LRB- we use them for our moutain bikes -RRB- ... however , the space left under them is wasted . You can not store under them because 1 -RRB- you need to be able to lower them to the ground and 2 -RRB- the bikes still hang pretty low so you can not walk or store anything of height under them . Personally , I think a verticle double stack wall mechanism would be a better space saver .
 If my bike were a a conventional mountain or road bike , this hoist would probably work perfectly , however I have a tandem recumbent that is 10 feet long . When hoisting , the front end rises rapidly and the rear stays put . I must hold down the front for the back to catch up , a real PITA .
 it was easy to put up . put when brought it down it cam loose from the hooks on one end and the rope hart my hand i had to bend the hooks me to hold the bike .
 Do not buy.The screws are not long enough , I had to buy longer ones.The rope is too large to fit in the hole for the brake.There is not anchor point to tie the rope down at the end , even though the instructions say there is one -LRB- not the wall end , but the e of the pulley system -RRB- Does not pull th bike up evenly.Hooks are not deep enough to grasp the bike.There is a reason this is the cheaper version , spend the extra few bucks and buy the good one
 Great idea but unfortunately did not work . Lifted the bike ok but the clamps that attached to the seat and handle bars could easily slip off . Based on that I was not prepared to trust my $ 2500 road bike and nearby car to it . I stuck with good old stable ceiling hooks and hang my bikes upside down . On the positive note , return was excepted no problem for a full refund by DTX International Inc. .
 The bike goes up and down so shaky and uneven that it takes two people to take the bike up or down . When you pull on the cord , one part of the bike goes up first and the hooks are flat - so they can come out of their place if someone does n't hold them . It is very difficult to get the cleat on the top to allow me to lower the bike as well . I wish I would have spent more and got a better built unit .
 I have to step the switch over 10 times to turn on the light , it is crazy!Do NOT buy it !
 This is supposed to be `` universal '' , meaning for both side and front mounted handles . But if yours is a side mount , you need to physically bend the plastic with your hands and hold it until it reaches a 90 degree angle . That 's difficult , and in my case , it keeps bending back toward straight . The result is that it does n't fit right , and ends up getting stuck in position against the side of the tank - leaving the water running . So , it 's fine for a front mount toilet , not for a side .
 I got this ear muffs just because I love DeWalt products and try to have the Yellow gadgets around my workshop . When I got this , I wanted to see how much noise can it block . So , I got it out of the package and started to wear it on my ears when I heared `` click '' . Yes , the band broke in half . And since I took it with my abroad , I could n't return it to the seller . The seller , however , was very professional and prompt .
 I purchased these DeWalt DPG62C Interceptor Ear Muffs with an NRR29 rating for $ 64.03 plus tax and shipping . I was outraged to find them very poorly constructed at the point where the headband connects to ear muffs and in the headband covering . I also discovered these were severely overpriced by over $ 50.00 ! I then found many other brands -LRB- like ECHO for example -RRB- with NRR29 or better ratings and and far superior quality ear muffs for as little as $ 14.00 , and without shipping or tax charges to boot . I promptly returned these highly over-rated and outrageously expensive DeWalt 's . Wow , what 's in a name !
 The drill and charging system seem top notch . However the chuck used on this unit is of poor design . The teeth design simply ca n't be tightened enough to grip anything round effectively . I returned it before being able to provide any long term feedback .
 This item was NOT a smooth jaw inside the pliers . This item is great if you simply need a heavy set of parallel jawed pliers . NOT meant for jewelry making due to the pliers having a serrated edge . They were kind enough to refund my money .
 My package contains an used/open box item with water stains on it.I sent it right back.It requires an additional valve that cost a lot . So please consider the cost of the whole set when you make the purchase .
 There is almost nothing good to be said about this lamp : - Bulb is weak , with dull light , black center , inadequate spill and , worst of all , a very yellow tone . - Battery is also weak , testing about 4.5 v - Materials are too thin and flexible for a lantern - Support base is prone to popping offI paid $ 10 , thinking I 'd get some use out of it and then replace the battery and bulb when they failed , but I immediately doubted the longevity of the switch , which was sloppy . At that point , I gave up . Why risk safety on junk when half-decent stuff can be found as cheap?My first line was wrong
 Just bought this in preparation for Hurricane Sandy . My local hardware store jacked the price up to $ 15.99 -LRB- you do n't want to know what I paid for D batteries -RRB- , but I picked one up `` just in case . '' It does n't work . I tried rotating the battery to all four angles to see if the connection was the problem , but that 's not it . This thing is cheap and I should have known better . I kept the receipt so it 's going back .
 I gave this light 2 stars for a few reasons :1 -RRB- Sensor is terrible at detecting things directly below the light . I wanted to install this light for my porch right outside of my door . I installed it about 7 ' high in a 4 ` X4 ' porch . The sensor would not pick up any motion anywhere 3.5 ' -LRB- radius -RRB- from the light . I have to stick my hand up and wave at the sensor to wake up the light . I think part of the problem is that the sensor is flat -LRB- perpendicular to the ground -RRB- which prevents the sensor from detecting things right below the light .2 -RRB- The build quality is mediocre . Lamp looks better in picture than actual lamp . The actual lamp feels and looks more plastic than the brass/casted-steel appearance in the picture.Otherwise , the lamp does work . It detects well -LRB- not right underneath the lamp -RRB- at all sensitivities and does everything as advertised .
 I 'm giving this one star because I have , too ; otherwise I would give it a zero . Either it 's white or it 's not . They said it was white and it 's not .
 nice looking lamp , not made from metal so no corrosion or fading , but the sensor is not sensitive . I have to wave my hand in order for the light come on , when trying to put the key in my door
 The cover control depends on the disposal sink stopper to turn the disposal on and off . There are magnets in the stopper that make contact when the stopper is turned . After less than a month , the stopper was very rusty and contact could no longer be made and the disposal would not turn on.You 'd think they would make a stopper that would n't rust , since that is critical to the operation of the disposal . To their credit , InSinkErator sent a tech out and he replaced it with an equivalent non-cover control model and even had 1/4 additional HP , at no charge . This one operates with a wall switch like most other disposals and it works great.The Cover Control model is not ready for prime time . I recommend against buying it .
 Seven months ago I ordered this based on the good reviews . First paid visit by the plumber was just to learn that it would n't fit our sink - we needed to buy a longer flange from the Insinkerator company . When it arrived , it did n't include the longer bolts necessary , so the plumber improvised and it worked fine for several months . Yes , it 's quiet , but placing the stopper in and turning it just right to activate the switch is a pain . It backs up , even when empty , so that you have to grab the stopper and put it in to get the water to go down.Recently , we discovered leaking water under the sink and a third visit from the plumber confirmed that the vibrations had loosened the bolts he used . So we 've been waiting a week without being able to use the disposal -LRB- the food in there is getting ripe -RRB- for the replacement bolts to arrive from Insinkerator . They arrived today and a fourth visit from the plumber confirmed our suspicion - they 're the same bolts as the original ones . The poor plumber spent an hour or more on the phone with some customer service person , only to find out that a bolt the proper length does n't exist !!! The rep said , `` well , there is one other bolt that you might try ... `` I told the plumber to get this thing out of my house and install another disposal ASAP . If you 're considering this model , make sure it fits your sink first !!! And the nice quiet magnetic switch is a really neat idea on paper , but not that practical , perhaps mostly because of the longer flange.If you want to keep your life simple and avoid a potential string of plumber visits and the prospect of throwing a big party without the use of your disposal and some 10-day-old food in there , get a traditional design -LRB- I can recommend 3/4 HP - the extra power is very nice to have -RRB- - avoid this model like the plague !
 We ordered this model because we needed one that operates without a wall switch . Our old GE disposall lasted for the 16 years we owned the house , and perhaps much longer , so why not GE ? The product arrived in a box that was smeared with mud and dented , so it was not surprising that when we opened it we saw that the shiny plastic housing was cracked open . We requested a replacement , same model , and one arrived promptly . The second one 's plastic housing was even more smashed in , with pieces lying loose in the box . Perhaps not relevant , but the product was made in China . At this point we did not want to try again and ordered an Insinkerator model instead , which we installed -- and it works fine -- is so quiet that it 's hard to believe it 's accomplishing anything . -LRB- We were used to our old disposall loudly gagging and choking down our table scraps -RRB- . Perhaps my rating is unfair , because we never really used the product , however its flimsy housing material -LRB- compared to the Insinkerator 's indestructable casing -RRB- and perhaps inadequate packaging are things that may be of concern to potential consumers .
 My plumber installed it but it did n't work . He used multimeter to check and said it has a short circuit . Fortunately Amazon 's return policy is great .
 The other review was spot on
 The other reviewers are spot on about the bottle -LRB- glad it just was n't me -RRB- ; the contents are near impossible to squeeze out of the bottle . I had taken a straight edge to cut nearly the entire nose off the bottle , and it STILL would barely squeeze out . Only when I stood on the bottle with my foot was I able to get anything out of the bottle . Which , of course , is not handy.Bottle or not , the filler is too translucent and gritty for my liking ; I ended up going to Rockler and buying a much better filler . Whether it 's glue , filler or otherwise , leave Elmer 's to grade school classrooms and buy better brands at a woodworking store instead .
 The wood filler is white so it will not dry to blend in at all ! Other than that i could not get the product to squeeze through the bottle no matter how hard i tried and ended up just cutting the bottle open and applying it with my bear hands . I dont know if it was just very thick or dried up . It sanded down easily and painted over well .
 This was a complete waste of my money . It was unusable . Unlike another reviewer , I was able to get it out easily enough , but I completely agree when the reviewer said , `` It was incredibly dry and flaked off . Since the directions instruct you to use a putty knife , I had expected something of putty consistency . This is more like dry , glued sawdust . This stuff is worthless . '' It actually stuck to my putty knife and would not spread . Terrible ! Do n't buy it !
 The other reviews that say `` ca n't squeeze out '' are fact . You literally have to cut all of the tube off so the stuff will come out , you do n't have a choice because if the hole is small which is the purpose of the cylindrical tube it comes out for a split second and stops every time . I 've tried 4 tubes of this junk and when it dries and it does come out it 's fine but the mess is so thick you have to cut the dispenser tube all the way off to where the hole is huge and can not be used for small projects . it 's worthless for small projects all around , only good for if you need to use the whole thing in one sitting through a giant hole . Too much hassle.Oh and today I tried using this again and guess what , I have to squeeze so hard it popped the back open and got it splattered all over my shirt . what a waste of money and time . i recommend their wood glue only , not this crap .
 Elmer 's wood filler , in a tube , is almost impossible to squeeze out , even when you cut the hole in the nib bigger . It did help to put the tube in the microwave for a few seconds , softening up the filler a little bit . All in all I would NEVER buy this product again . It is not in anyway user friendly and time spent trying to get the filler out of the tube became an exercise in frustration . The product seems to be okay , the tube not such a good idea ... although in theory it should work .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I owned one of these hammers . The handle broke off under normal service . Estwing required me to return it to their factory at my expense . Estwing refused to replace it saying it had been ` abused ' . Nor would they return my still broken but usable hammer citing liability ! Estwing has the worst customer service of any tool company . Do not buy !!!
 I bought the Kohler K-T396-4 in January mostly because I liked the Devonshire series design and color . My bathroom was finally ready to use this week . I was/am disappointed by the flow from this shower head . There 's nothing in the install guide about increasing the flow so I called the Kohler support site to ask if there was a flow restriction ring I could remove . They said no , this shower head deliver the standard 2.5 gallons per minute and can not be adjusted . Turns out if you remove the shower head and take out the filter screen theres a small black grommet you can take out which seems to increase the flow a bit . I 'm going to try it , but I 'll probably end up just replacing the head with something else.I definitely would not buy this shower head again .
 I like the rain shower head but I am disappointed in the quality of this shower faucet trim . I expected a match with my Devonshire sink faucets
 It 's ok and I 'll use this one till it runs out as opposed to having to throw it out . It is not all metal corner . Right were the corner is , it is still paper . Basically it is a paper tape with 2 metal strips on it . I 'd go with a different product next time .
 Killed more bugs stepping on them than this crap did . It 's a waste of money . Use baking soda instead . Nothing killed like diazinon .
 2012 was predicted to be especially bad for ticks and mosquitoes , so I purchased this to be proactive and spare my 4 dogs and little girl from a parasitic attack.While its hard to know exactly how many bugs it killed off , I ended up picking a few ticks off my legs a few weeks after spreading the pellets and my daughter gets eaten alive every time she is out in the backyard -LRB- despite citronella torches as well -RRB- . The benefit did not outweigh the risk and detriment of laying down chemicals on my yard .
 This fan arrived in a box with no packaging to speak of and a few bits of broken plastic in the bottom . That 's right , plastic ... the whole frame is plastic . Looks like metal in the pictures , does n't it ? This `` heavy duty extra quiet '' fan is just about all plastic and was warped on arrival . I could only imagine it would warp more in a hot attic ! I contacted the vendor who un-charged my card with no fuss but strangely , did not want the fan back , just wanted to claim shipping damage ... Anyone want a warped cracked plastic attic fan cheap ? I bought an all-metal Dayton from Grainger to install .
 I did not find the product effective in preventing yellow and spotted leaves on my rose bushes . I will not use it again .
 His review caused me to buy the wrong product.Its not an insecticide ... only a disease preventive -LRB- fungicide , I think -RRB- Look elsewhere for a combined product .
 I reported the no-show of this product . My rose dust did not appear . But , Home and Lawn told me I needed to ask all my neighbors and friends and my neighborhood priest to see if they had seen the product in their yards and porches . I did that . Zip . Then I was told by Life and home to check with the carrier -LRB- FEDEX -RRB- . I did . Zip . Finally after no resolution from Life and Home they will send out a route tracer . OK , Meanwhile I have been waiting since the 3rd of December 2012 for the rose dust . A lot of hassle for a $ 14.00 dollar plastic container of rose dust . Meanwhile , my roses were getting very sick with rose must and black spots . I had to go to Home Depot . Do n't buy anything from this outfit . Buy it at Home Depot instead . You will have fewer problems . Colonel Boyer , U.S. Marines
 This product is equipped with a lead acid battery . Which will die within the first year of usage . I used it only when we are traveling with the RV so thats only 3 to 4 times a year . The battery is already dead and finding a replacement is impossible . And btw replacing the battery is not easy at all and will take some technical experience which is not for everyone.The type of battery is of course totally wrong as that should have been a lithium battery.If you already own one that do not deplete the battery all the way stay above 45 % depletion . It might last you more that a year.Anyway total waist of money and a perfect flashlight going to the landfill.Additional : This is the answer you get from B&D ; customer service : Dear Sir/Ma ` am , we believe the following information addresses your inquiry.The product you are referring to is manufactured by the Baccus Global LLC . Baccus is licensed to use the Black & Decker brand name for some of their products.Please contact BaccusCustomer Service for assistance on any Baccus product carrying the Black & Decker name such as the Black & Decker Jump Starters , Power Inverters , Spot Lights , Travel Cooler/Warmers or the Vector Manufacturing line of products . Baccus customer service will assist you with issues such as missing parts , missing literature , and accessory items . You can reach Baccus Customer Service by calling
 So , on the positive side , the beam is nice and bright , and I like the two handles . However , this item has a short lifespan.The first time I charged it , I used the car charger , and it charged nicely and the battery lasted a reasonably long time -LRB- considering the light output of the thing -RRB- . The second time I charged it , the car charger would no longer work at all , and I had to plug it into a wall outlet . This worked , though , and the spotlight again worked well.The third time I tried to charge it , the wall plug is no longer working either . It 's not imparting any charge at all , even though the little red/green LEDs make it seem like it 's trying to charge.These halogen spotlights seem to be generally low quality across the board , but I 'd still expect it to last more than 2 charge cycles . Do n't buy .
 What a piece of junk ! B&D should be ashamed . Will not charge even after 30 hrs . Replaced it and same thing ! Stay away !!!!
 I thought I was the only person with this problem , but apparently not!I got mine while it was still Vector -LRB- Now B&D ;-RRB- and it did the same thing . I thought that since Vector was taken over by B&D ; , they may have improved this spotlight . Apparently not!I got mine about 3 years ago , and I went through the same process as everyone else . All in all , I got about 5 hours of use out of it . It does n't charge anymore , and I do n't know how to get a new battery , and since I really hate returning things -LRB- just so much hassle -RRB- , I took it as a loss.It 's a huge , sturdy , great-looking paperweight now.Unbelievable . I ca n't believe they 're still selling these like this !!!
 I charged this 24 hours before use like the instructions said and the green light never went on but the spot was bright for a very short time . I 've recharged it several times since and the spot is yellow and dims fast . The 2 LED 's work very well and last . I found it takes over 30 hours to charge before the green LED goes on . Unfortunately I did n't test it before the time limit ran out on being able to return it . Black & Decker used to be one of the more trusted tool companies . I will not trust them based on their name anymore . Have to just take it as a loss . Bought a cheapo $ 10 light to replace it at one third of the cost and it works 500 percent better .
 Could n't get it to charge . I followed the directions for 1st time charge , letting the unit charge for 24 hours , and only the two red lights were on . I then charged an extra 6 hours to the maximum -LRB- as stated in the instructions -RRB- of 30 hours . All three lights -LRB- the two red & the green -RRB- were on , but the green light never blinked to show that the unit was charged . Tried to use it - no go . Am returning this spotlight and will get another brand / model . Unfortunate , as I really like my other Black & Decker products - and I own quite a few .
 Not reliable ... used this spotlight twice and then would not recharge . Still works with car cigarette lighter adapter , but the cord is very short .
 Like many other reviewers , I had problems with charging . Everything worked fine the first time or two . But , then the problems started . Now , it 's as if it will not fully charge . If I let it charge -LRB- household AC -RRB- for 30 hours , I can get a weak/yellow light which will quickly discharge . All in all , I 'd say I got about 10 minutes use out of the thing .
 This is very heavy and has a very short light life . Not good for home use .
 This light worked great but only lasted about 10 minutes . Recharged it and again , only lasted about 10 minutes . Noticed that the date code was 1.5 years old . Returned and bought another one with a newer date code . This one lasted 20 minutes . Called B&D but they could not explain the short lighting time .
 The lights are fine , although not as bright as I was led to believe . I own several other lights of equal and higher candlepower and frankly I was dissapointed in these two lights . That is not to say that they are baby AAA 's . They are not . My major complaint would have to be in the construction method used . The handle is hollow and was used as the final point to solder and tuck in the wires ; nothing wrong with that . But I really must object to the child like way in which a piece of plastic -LRB- that extends the length of the handle -RRB- was placed/twisted over the opening and with nothing but four little plastic tabs -LRB- one of which has already broken off -RRB- and a lot of wishful thinking . I 'm sorry fella 's but with a little more time and some serious attention to detail , you could have fixed this and avoided the problem of exposing these wires to my children and my wife . Now I have had to put electrical tape on both handles to ensure that my kids do n't get curious about the sloppily loose grip on the flashlight and the bare solder connections below . I doubt that they could get hurt on DC , but I do n't want them to get used to the idea that they can handle bare wires with impunity.Thanks and God bless all there.jbw
 I received my light is perfect shape . I charged it as per the owners manual . It was bright for about 10 minutes before going dim . The next time I charged it , it stayed bright for about 5 minutes before going dim . The third time I charged it , it stayed bright for about 1 minute before going dim . I have had the light for only about 4 months now and the battery will not hold a charge now . I called Black and Decker and they told me they could no longer help me as they sold that part of their business . I will never buy another Black and Decker light and I would suggest that you do the same and look somewhere else for a light .
 I bought and returned three of these in less than a month - do n't waste your time - THey all kicked the bucket after only a few uses .
 I got the model SL102B high power spot light -LRB- the smaller bother of the 2 Million Power light -RRB- last Christmas . By this Christmas it wo n't take a charge anymore . I did n't even use it all that much . I called the manufacturer listed on the label and they said they do n't guarantee the battery and they do n't sell a replacement . I would not recommend this spot light . Stay away from it .
 Bought this flashlight to keep around the house and vehicle for emergencies . It has been turned on maybe three times in the last year and a half since its purchase . When I finally needed it to fix a flat tire on the highway , it would n't charge from the vehicle . I took it home hoping a wall outlet would provide the power to charge , but no such luck . Even after 3 days of charging -LRB- checking it every few hours -RRB- it did n't work . All I got was a very slow turn on and just enough light to find a $ 1.99 flashlight from 7-11 to do the job . Thanks 7-11 ! It was great the three times that I did use it , 2 million candlepower is more than enough for any job . It was well taken care of and still looks brand new . So if you need a light for daytime use only and only plan on using it a few times , then this is the flashlight for you .
 Black & Decker was once a proud American company whose products were always solid , and whose name you could rely on . This product is so grossly defective , and B&D 's support so irresponsible , that it is obviously no longer the same company , except in name .
 If you have n't read enough bad reviews for this product to convince you not to buy it , here is one more . I used this sparingly and by the 4th time after fully charging it , it did not last long enough to make it across the room . Tried charging it for 24 hours again and same thing , probably lasted 15 seconds , not exaggerating . Wish I would have used it more within the 30 days return policy to realize there was an issue . Now I will also have to pay to have this properly e-recycled .
 I see some reviews that say run it all the way down before re-charging ... that 's NOT a problem , if our power goes out and I am dumb enough to grab this thing I MIGHT make it to the bath-room before it goes out , coming back you use your furniture finders -LRB- shins -RRB- I love Black and Decker but they need to watch who uses there name .
 I only charged and used it 3 or 4 times . It just went completely dead after a few months . Stay away .
 Like several other reviewers , I had problems with the charging circuitry . The first time I charged -LRB- as directed -RRB- , everything worked great . The light performed exactly as advertised . Battery life was short , also as expected -- perhaps 15-20 minutes worth of not-quite-continuous use at a campsite after dark helping numerous families assemble tents.On the second charge , the indicator lights did n't behave the same as the first time -- it indicated it was still charging even up to the max recommended time . Green LED never lit during this time . I tested the light , and had approximately 5 minutes of life in it . I tried a couple more times over the next few months , and regardless of a 1 hour or a 10 hour charge , I could get only a dim light , and the two side spots stopped working altogether.I assumed it was a faulty battery or charging circuitry , but having read a number of similar reviews , I suspect a more systemic design flaw or quality issue . Too bad , as B&D ; products have been pretty reliable for me over the years ...
 Mine suffered intermittent trouble . After a couple years of never knowing if it will work or not I decided to open it up and see what I can find . The first thing I discovered is the blade connector to the positive battery terminal was lose . This explains why it finally quit working . Then I discovered the blade connector to the negative terminal did not fit tightly and was only holding on by the tension of the wire . This could explain the intermittent trouble also . By now the battery is ruined from ` abuse ' and while not impossible to find a replacement it is not economically practical to replace .
 I read reviews and often take them with a grain of salt . I hope someone reads this and believes it 100 % . This is junk , and unless you buy it as a disposable light , it 's a waste . I used it a few times just to try it out when I got it 2 years ago . Worked as I expected it to . Now I try to charge it to have available for hurricane Irene and it 's completely useless . I do n't have any suggestions other than do n't buy this one .
 This product lasted about 3 years with intermittent use . The problem is that B&D choose the wrong type of battery which has low life span due to memory effect . B&D ... there are no-memory-effect batteries available so why are you ripping people off with this product.First time I have been disappointed with a B&D product .
 I 've owned this for more than a year . Like other say , it 's scary how B&D could actually sell this complete garbage . The first use was excellent . But , unfortunately , there was only one use . Charging it for its second use , it would n't hold a charge and was absolutely useless . After returning it for a replacement , I experienced the exact same behavior . I wo n't purchase any B&D product .
 when it workied the battery life was poor ... I dropped it from about 3 feet while working onto grass and it stopped working altogeather ... . piece of junk .
 I got this heater really quick but it was broke !! It had 2 settings on the blower and it would not work on high . It also looked as if it had been thrown around because the logs were loose and chalk was inside of the heater .
 SEND WHITE BASE TINT NOT WHITE OAKNO COLOR ADDED AT ALL WORELESS CRAPWAISTED TIME AND MONEY NO RETURN POLICY
 Beckett 7114310 Waterfall Pump 3500gphThese pumps come enshrouded in a plastic shell that offers practically no protection to the product given its weight . If dropped any distance , the plastic simply crumples and any pump parts behind the point of impact are damaged . This is exactly what happened to the pump I ordered from Amazon . It did n't help that the pump was not properly packaged and padded in the shipping box . So at some point in the shipment , the box was dropped -LRB- or more likely thrown -RRB- and it landed on the filter end breaking off one of the feet . God what a pain , now I have to pack it up and send it back ... if I do n't just chalk it up to a learning experience and eat the cost . My advice is do n't buy these pumps through Amazon or anyone else likely to throw them into a cardboard box unpadded . It will be damaged in transit , almost a given . Instead go to Home Depot or Lowes and actually pick up the pump and inspect it to see if it has been dropped and broken . Chances are , with those in plastic shells , a few on the shelves are broken too . Do n't take it home without a thorough inspection . That 's another lesson learned ... do n't ask .
 Item arrived with a broken impeller . I was just going to replace it , but can not find spare parts . It has been a couple of months since I ordered , and I can not contact the seller at this point . I 'd like to get a replacement impeller .
 Though cheap , this pump is not up to the job of running 12 hours a day to create a pretty ordinary waterfall -LRB- two foot drop , one foot weir -RRB- . I have had five pumps over the last ten years or so . Most last two to three years . This is the worst of the lot . Even Cal Pumps lasted a year . This might be OK for other installations but for the advertised purpose -LRB- i.e. , a waterfall -RRB- it 's pretty sad . Also , as others have noted , the flow is not comparable to other pumps in the 3500 gph neighborhood . If you want a real waterfall pump you should think of something in the $ 200 range like the 3200 or 4000 gph Pondmasters .
 I used this pump to pump water from my pond to my plants , it worked well for the first two weeks then it froze up and stopped working , returned it to Amazon for a replacement . If the replacement does the same thing then I will send it back for refund .
 I have been through two of these pumps in 4 years . My first pump was replaced by the company the ceramic shaft broke internally , now this spring once again the shaft for some reason is getting stuck internally and now I need to figure how to open it to see if it is fixable ??? The company did not give me another 2 year warranty on the 2nd one and now I know why . I never leave this on all the time and I never leave it out during the winter . I have baby 'd this thing and still sucks and does not pump . I will find it hard to buy another Beckett pump due to the consistent failure at the 2 year mark ...
 I was very disappointed with this product . When I walk outside I noticed our pond was not working . When I examined the unit I noticed the plastic flanges that hold the plastic grate over the impeller were broken . Since the plastic grate could not be secured it place the pump could not build pressure to pump water . I did manage to fix it with some large zip ties . It has been working this way for about 4 months .
 Purchased March 13 of 2012 received about a week later . Arrived with one of the `` legs '' broken . I contacted the seller and was told they would replace it . I waited a couple of weeks and contacted them again and never heard back . Since the broken part would not effect the operation of the pump and I really needed to get a pump going in the pond for my koi I kept it and installed it . In September 2012 I noticed the pump was not operating properly so I turned everything off and pulled it out of the pond . I removed the bottom and found the plastic impeller was broken as were two of the 4 pieces of plastic that hold the bottom on . Now this pump did nothing but sit in the pond filtering water so i have come to the conclusion that there was either more damage than was visible when it arrived or the plastic is really lousy quality ! I have never ever seen anything like this , there is no reason this pump should have basically fallen apart inside . I will never buy another Beckett pump nor will I recommend one .
 Worked great for less than a year . Plastic lugs used to secure pump housing broke at seam , now pump is out of action . Hoping to get Beckett to act on it since it was sold with a one year warranty -LRB- have less than three weeks to get it resolved . Great Disappointment pump was quiet did n't draw much current and flowed water really well in my pond . I notice that there is an almost similar pump being offered from beckett that only has a 60 day warranty -LRB- do not buy -RRB- If you can get a good price -LRB- around $ 100 -RRB- this pump is a good buy even if it fails in a year . I have had more pumps that were more than twice the price fail in two years so I guess I am ahead of the game .
 Pump only ran 6 months in a clean fountain running 18 hours per day . Would like to find a more durable pump .
 Dont bother with this pump . The lip that holds the outlet housing failed afer 3 months of use rendering the pump useless . Bad design .
 I figured if it was a Klein product it would be good . How wrong I was . One side must have been bent or something , because the cutter blades nearest the grip were jamming against each other , preventing the plier from fully closing . The cutter nearer the pivot would n't cut 10ga . stranded automotive wire , no matter how they were adjusted/aligned . It only skinned the insulation and bent the wire . Good design , poor execution . Klein should be ashamed .
 These are individual knobs , not a 4 pack ! When I contacted the seller , he advised me that Amazon had incorrectly listed the product . If that 's the case , why had n't the seller asked Amazon to correct it ? I contacted Amazon myself and told them of the discrepancy . Do n't think you 're getting 4 knobs for $ 4.00 . You 're only getting one !!!
 It 's nice that it ships with batteries . But the one we got had one battery already leaking corrosive stuff out of it . This does not inspire confidence ...
 I bought this CO detector , installed batters , and the test button successfully sounded the alarm . Held the unit in a burning fireplace , silence . Held it under burning paper , silence . Held it for one minute , one inch from the tailpipe of my running car , silence . Consider the Kidde CO detector instead.UPDATE
 The product arrived promptly and was as advertised . I am very satisfied with my purchase . I ccAn recommend this item to anyone
 I purchased this device to measure carbon monoxide on my sailboat . Nowhere in the description of the product does it state that it is not suitable for marine use . Upon receipt , the instructions specify that it is not for marine use . In addition , I wanted to know if it actually responded to carbon monoxide , so I intended to put it in the garage with my car running . Whoops , you can not do that either . It has a notice that says that if you try testing the device as I intended , it will void the warranty.Now , do you think I should use this in my boat to protect my family?Probably not .
 I ordered 2 sets of 4 each for my rental properties . Five of the alarms were not usable . The door to the battery compartment did not close . When I tried to force one , it broke . These are cheap , useless alarms . Move up to an alarm that actually works .
 This alarm turns out to be rated to go off only at a super-high concentration of 400 ppm -LRB- that 's what is says on the sticker on the alarm -RRB- . That 's when you might as well die or get long-term neural damage.I suffered chest pains and dizziness for a whole d -- year from a gas wall heater , and the alarm never went off .50 ppm is maximum OSHA limit in the workplace for breathing for 8 hours.Here are the concentrations for various health dangers : Concentration Symptoms35 ppm -LRB- 0.0035 % -RRB- Headache and dizziness within six to eight hours of constant exposure100 ppm -LRB- 0.01 % -RRB- Slight headache in two to three hours200 ppm -LRB- 0.02 % -RRB- Slight headache within two to three hours ; loss of judgment400 ppm -LRB- 0.04 % -RRB- Frontal headache within one to two hoursSo , I was living with chest pain and dizziness on a daily basis in my apartment . This alarm is useless to alert you to the danger of chronic low concentrations that are debilitating . Is n't it odd that the FirstAlert website and this Amazon listing provide ZERO information about what concentration level the alarm is supposed to detect ? This provides a FALSE sense of protection !
 I bought this along with the more expensiveFirst Alert CO410model to replace two Kidde-brand models which had died within two years of purchase . I figured a different brand had to be better , right?No.I put in fresh batteries , and this one started making a squealing noise , somewhere between a proper alarm and a sick baby . Something was clearly not right , and no amount of pushing buttons or changing batteries would help.The other more expensive model was no better -- its fancy LCD panel displayed random meaningless lines rather than letters or numbers -LRB- similar to the way the Kidde models had failed , in fact -RRB- , and similarly refused to be reset to a sane state.I do n't know about you , but that 's all the chances I 'm willing to give First Alert . If the two I got were so broken out of the box , how can I possibly trust any replacement?So I do n't know what I 'm going to get , but it wo n't be from either First Alert or Kidde .
 I ordered two Alarm 's when I went to test them one broke and would not work after that.I called the company they told me to send it back to Amazon said I pushed to hard when I checked it , more trouble then it is worth to send back , would not order again .
 These kind of things are hard to review , since chances are you wo n't ever have it go off.Mine goes off nearly exactly every 3 months , and I need to remove and replace the battery . I think it 's something with the sensor gradually ` filling up ' with the low level of monoxide .
 I purchased this item to replace one of the four First Alert CO alarms in our house that are now nearing the end of their lifespan . Apparently , the First Alert CO alarm has been redesigned , which could be okay . However , the two screwholes used to mount the new model are a fraction of an inch closer together than those on the old model . Thus , to replace the old model with the new model , new holes have to be drilled into the ceiling/wall -LRB- instead of simply using the old holes -RRB- . How dumb is that ? Because some design engineer at First Alert did not bother to think , everyone in the USA who wishes to replace their old First Alert alarm with a new one will have to drill additional holes into their ceiling/wall . Instead , I will now replace my other three First Alert alarms with Kidde alarms , which at least have a longer lifespan.Update
 The First Alert CO400 model battery powered carbon monoxide alarm is cheaply made . Installed in my apartment a little over a year ago by the seller when I purchased it , the alarm was new , and I have n't had any reason to so much as glance at the device.However while trying to determine which device was making sounds indicating it needed a new battery , I turned my attention to the First Alert alarm . I pressed in the dual-purpose button in the center on the top to test the product and the alarm began to sound . Immediately , realizing this was not the device in trouble I went to silence the alarm by pressing on the lower half of the same button . I applied hardly any pressure but -- and I can only assume this -- the plastic arm on the inside of the alarm used to apply pressure to the internal buttons snapped and I was left with a useless alarm.I 'm not sure how First Alert 's other products are built , but you get what you pay for.If looking at First Alert 's products , I would not recommend this alarm , I 'm sure they sell higher quality products for a little more money .
 Bought this in November . Put it up and within days it 's `` chirping '' 3 times per minute which means -LRB- according to the device -RRB- that it is malfunctioning and needs to be replaced . Amazon was awesome and sent out another one right away . Same exact problem . I 'll be returning the second one and choosing another alarm .
 once put on the wall , tested accurately only intermittently ... wasnt worth anything ... so the decison was made to throw it away
 I purchased 2 of these for my home . I arrived home to both of them going off . I had never experienced something like this before and they were less than a few weeks old . After the firemen confirmed that everything was fine , they told me that they were old machines from 2005 and 2006 and were only good for 5 years . I wrote the seller and requested a complete refund , which they gave me the next day . I did not reset them or replace them . Last night when we returned home from a vacation , I heard them going off again . It 's only been 1 week since the last time they went off . The firemen came again and confirmed everything fine but was n't sure why both were going off and what was setting them off . One fireman reset them and when he reached the bottom of the stairs , they were going off again . I 'm frustrated . It was recommended by the firemen to buy one in a store where I knew they were not old and to purchase ones that are digital with a date stamp to monitor when and how much CO was found in the home when they went off.Although , they were quick to respond to my refund , I would not purchase these units !
 Now required by law in private residence . Bought this , installed it on the wall pressed the test button and it broke . Called 1stAlert & they are sending me another . -- Update -- Two weeks and nothing from 1stAlert -- Update -- 90 minutes after posting the last update , the door bell rang , FedX dropped off the replacement.I installed it and it seems to work .
 The item arrived defective . After examing the rattling noise , I found out that the battery door locking mechanism is broken . I believe the item is poorly manufactured .
 I bought this for our bathroom because I always hate when I 'm at someone else 's house and I have to fumble around in the dark bathroom for the light switch . This thing barely lights up . You 'd almost have to walk into the room several feet , then turn around to see it . I had expected it to be a little brighter .
 I purchased this stuff because a friend recommended it because I have a serious issue in my basement -LRB- where I sleep -RRB- with Spider Crickets , aka Camelback Crickets and Cave Crickets . I kept waking up with one crawling on me somewhere nad I eventually just could n't deal with it anymore so I purchased this stuff . I sprayed the outside of my house , and in the basement , and surprise surprise it did n't even faze these nasty little insects . I even sprayed one directly with the spray to see if it even did anything and the cricket just hopped away , perfectly fine ! uhhhh so frustrating . I would not recommend this stuff . The only good thing I can say about it is that it does dry fast , in case you have pets and does n't leave a strong scent . Hopefully it 's more helpful for everyone else and their insect problem then it was for mine .
 I had switched from the Spectracide bug stop to this on account of all the advertisement . Perhaps it works better in a suburb area but out here in the farm area I call home . No such luck . In fact , I would say it did n't do anything at all apart from waste my time . I continually had all sorts of bugs and critters finding their way into my home . This was never the case with the Spectracide 9-month product . Perhaps I did have to re-spray it every 6 or 7 months but I did n't have any bugs crawl into the house with that product . This Ortho one leaves me killing something nearly everyday !
 I 've tried this product outdoors to create a barrier for ants around my house and insided my house because we get them every year . -LRB- I have used the bait traps in the past but they are a little unsightly and tend to bring more ants before they get rid of any -RRB- . I decided to start early this year before the ants had shown up and this spray did n't do one bit of good . I applied a thick line drenched in this poor excuse for an insect killer around the house , the ants still came . I sprayed it on them directly they died alright but as soon as it dried ants walked right over where it had been sprayed . Guess they left out the part where you need to constantly keep the area wet with this garbage . Oh and it 's definetly not waterproof , the stuff just washes right off in the rain . Save your money try a cheaper product .
 Okay so I bought this recently & the same day I saw an ugly looking spider in my house . Well I go to grab this Ortho & I spray him once , nothing he just runs like crazy , I keep spraying him easily 20-30 times everywhere he goes , NOTHING ! He slows a little bit , then after 5 minutes of spraying him , drowning him in it , he eventually gets tired I 'm guessing . . So I smushed him . Then today I had fruit flies on some old fruit , I spray that fruit like 50 times throughout the day . . What happens ? They do n't die , I sprayed one fruit fly about 10 times he was STILL running through the liquid making a trail haha . Do n't waste your money people please !!! BUY RAID IT WORKS IMMEDIATELY !! THAT IS A GUARANTEE !
 the cock roaches liked this more than me . the duration of the effect on the insects was not more than a few hours . not sufficient for home defense and i 'm wondering why this product is so ineffective .
 When I use this stuff I feel I 'm only killing the bugs by drowning them with the product , smh . The only thing good about this thing is its professional looking design and it is odor free -LRB- water does n't have an odor either , btw -RRB- . I wish I could refill the container with a bug spray that actually worked .
 I was spraying outside when the base of the handle split apart , the spring and plunger came out in my hand splashing my leg with enough insecticide to soak my shorts and run down my leg into my shoe . Could have just as easily gotted sprayed in the mouth or eyes . This sprayer design is dangerous!This insecticide does ` nt seem to be very effective on my roaches or ants either .
 I would give this zero stars if I could . My hubby finally cut down some trees and bushes in front of our house and apparently left a lot of roaches and ants homeless because we noticed them coming into the house like crazy afterwards . Went to Walmart and bought this stuff and after the 3rd or 4th room the sprayer broke and started leaking but he kept spraying . Did not see a decrease at all in bugs and they just kept stomping across the `` barrier '' that we sprayed down as if it was water so we still ended up calling an exterminator . This was $ 12.00 wasted
 I know the description says it works for spiders -LRB- excluding black widow and brown recluse -RRB- , but I thought it might work if I soaked them with it . I sprayed my firewood shed with it until it formed a puddle , and wolf spiders and several other kinds were walking right through it as if nothing happened . I sprayed a black widow in a crack for about 10 seconds straight and it just sat there . I waited several minutes , and the black widow just walked out of the crack like nothing happened . I sprayed a wolf spider about the size of a dime directly in the face , and he held his arms up like he was in attack mode . Then he walked away . It may work for ants or something , but it does n't work for spiders .
 I 've used this product for about two months with hope that it would work . Unfortunately , it did n't provide any protection and it just seem like the bugs were saying , `` That 's all you 've got ? '' Pffhh . My current solution to prevent bugs from entering my house were to use Raid instead . I sprayed near my main door and the outside of my basement 's windows and that seem to keep them off for about two to three weeks . Ultimately , I would n't recommend purchasing this spray .
 I tried this stuff because I have sugar ants coming through the window and eating my cats food , And I sprayed inside and outside . They are still coming in ! I resprayed to make sure I did n't screw up and it does nothing to them unless you spray right at them ! I even soaked the entire wall in this stuff and almost emptied the entire canister and it hasnt repelled a single thing ! Most useless product ever , I will never buy another Ortho product again !
 I had a light infestation of fleas after a dear pet died and bought this product to kill them before it got to be a major problem . I think the fleas did the backstroke then gave me the finger ... it did not work . Needless to say , my light infestation got to be a big problem that I have not yet conquered.For the record , I only sprayed the concrete floor of my garage . I did this on 3 different days and the problem only got worse . I probably would have been better off mopping with hot soapy water . I do n't think fleas can do the backstroke in soapy water.I ca n't say if it prevented anything else because I did n't have a problem with any other bugs.It got two stars because I liked the sprayer part .
 For the record , I purchased this from Wal-Mart on sale for around $ 12 . I needed it to spray around my new construction home because I 've been having a pretty invasive amount of spiders and other little bugs coming in . I sprayed around the house and followed the directions to the tee ; I even sprayed twice in some areas . And here , three weeks later , I can honestly say I notice no decrease in bugs . Spiders have set up webs , crickets hop , and other assortments frolic and play exactly where I sprayed . It 's quite disappointing , really . I feel like I just purchased a jug of water . Be aware - when they say it does n't kill black widows , they mean it . See the photo I uploaded for solid proof .
 Dont know if this product works . Bought it brought it home , removed all appliances and went to spray . Trigger detached on the third pull and does not go back . Apparently the manufacturer engaged in too much cost cutting ? This product is going back.Ortho 0195310 1-1/3 - Gallon Home Defense Max Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer Pull 'N Spray
 Ok I bought this product in the past & it seemed very effective . I am trying to eliminate cockroaches . I bought this product again & found that it has NO EFFECT whatsoever . I was extremely disappointed . I would not recommend this product at all . I am not sure if they changed the ingredients or what but it does not work .
 When we first moved into our apartment 2 years ago , we sprayed the outside and inside with ortho max home defense . It worked well then . Last year , sprayed again in February , March , and April . Spiders still came in . In order for this product to actually have an affect on spiders , I had to arm myself the the jug and spray the heck out of the spider before it would die . This year , the same thing . I even sprayed a small stream in front of the door after my boyfriend had to kill one . As of now , two more had entered in with in the past hour and he had to kill them the old fashioned way , with a shoe . This product is not effective as it used to be .
 Our neighbors recently moved in and then back out of the house behind us , and the roaches they left behind moved to our house ! I used a whole bottle of this stuff , its been a month now and they have gotten worse ! Unless you spray it directly on the roach it does n't effect them !
 Did not work for me . I srayed a small roach at close range and it went about it 's business as if I had sprayed water on it.This is a what the Ortho rep replied when I inquired as to how this product is suppose to work . `` Thank you for contacting us concerning Scotts products . As always , it is our goal to make sure that our customers are completely satisfied with our products and services.We are sorry to hear of your experience with our product . Ortho Home Defense MAX Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer is a good product and will control listed insects . Timing is an important factor in insect control . We have no control for insects in the egg stage . It is difficult for insecticides to penetrate the egg , so insecticides are targeted to control insects in the larval or adult stages . Also , more mature or larger insects will take longer to control than younger or smaller insects . You may not see the insects die immediately , but you should see a reduction in the pests or their damage within a few days . Treating both the outside entry points and the inside at the same time will also help.Ortho Home Defense MAX Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer kills by contact not on contact.We want you to be confident in our products . For that reason , we offer a product guarantee to our consumers . Simply mail me your original itemized cash register receipt or the UPC barcode from the product packaging and I will promptly issue a refund check . My mailing address is : Ortho Consumer ServiceAgain , thank you for taking the time to let us know of your concerns . Please do not hesitate to contact us if we can be of any additional help to you.JLConsumer Response RepresentativeThe Scotts Company and Subsidiaries14111 Scottslawn RoadMarysville , OH 43041800-225-2883 ''
 I bought this with high hopes , but after spraying all over my home I was still seeing just as many bugs as before . I decided to try spraying them with this directly and it did absolutely nothing . I sat and watched a roach after I sprayed him and , other than being annoyed , it seemed fine . Ran around in circles for several minutes before I finally killed it the old fashioned way.I thought maybe I had gotten a bad one and I wrote Ortho asking for help . They sent me a form letter . Fine for them . They have my $ 15 , but poor products and communication are enough for me to scratch Ortho off my list in the future . An apology might have made me consider them again.I ultimately went with Cyber WP . It is n't much of an on-contact killer -LRB- takes a bit longer than Raid , for example -RRB- but it keeps them away for months !
 I actually like the bottle and the design . Quick and easy to apply.But ... the actual defense solution is AWFUL ! I have a problem with ants and spiders in my shed and garage and it does nothing . I have used about half of the bottle in these small spaces and it has done nothing . I did n't expect it to keep spiders completely out but I had hopes about ants . NOPE ! I have sprayed three times and have n't notices any difference . More spiders and the same amount of ants . Disappointing.I will still be searching ...
 Tired of dealing with spiders , and in prep for earwig season , I bought this product with high hopes of creating a defense shield around my house , windows , doorways , everywhere . I just love to have my windows and doors open all season long.The good news , the # of spiders coming into my house has dropped dramatically . I went from catching 4-6 per day to 1-2 over the past week.Bad news
 I bought this product with the plunger type handle . The trigger on the nozzle leaked , ran down my hand , and dripped all over the floor . I washed my hands immediately , but the product burned my palms causing a red rash and the following day I had several clear blisters on my fingers.This all happened 3 days ago and my hands are still burning.This product has a faulty deliver system . I do n't recommend you buy or use it .
 The perimeter protection is a lie . The very next days ants and bugs are walking over the sprayed area like nothing happened . Do not waste your money .
 This is a beautiful set and was shipped promptly and as ordered . But it 's metric , and will not connect with any SAE -LRB- `` English system '' -RRB- fittings/components . There was no warning about this ; cost me several hours so far and will cost me more with the time and possible expense of returning it . -LRB- I live in the US . -RRB- Apparently metric is the default with Grohe , unless you are told different ! Buyer beware !
 I found a hole recently in my bathroom window screen . -LRB- I am still trying to figure out how it got there . Some sort of adventurous varmint I am guessing -RRB- . It was about 4 '' across and almost perfectly round . Replacing the entire screen in this particular window is way too much of a pain , so I opted to patch it . Oh , I know it looks like heck , but the window is up high and I figured it was better than seeing all manner of bugs and other critters finding it welcoming . I purchased these aluminum patches for my screen for they are not the newer fiberglass . I knew that these patches were only 3 '' square when I bought them , but I am still frustrated because I do n't know they make almost all of these patches so small . It would be so much better of they were bigger and you could cut them down to size . Cutting another patch in half to fit over the hole not only looked extra bad , but for some reason the adhesive does n't stick to well to itself . I ended up tearing the thing off and buying some bigger patches on an external site here on Amazon that worked much better . Lastly , these patches are a very bright aluminum that does n't at all blend well with the screens in my home . Aluminum screens are seldom that bright polished aluminum , but the matte , or duller version . All in all these patches are too small , too bright , and I suggest you either buy bigger patches or go for replacing the whole screen , pain or not ...
 Do n't try spraying anything with a viscosity greater than water . It just ca n't muster the force to get it out .
 i normally dont bother writing reviews but i was so disapointed in this product i figured i 'd save someone else the hassle . the manufacturer hasnt put any effort into making a functional product . I received product as described but when i put the batteries in it did not shoot anything resembling a mist or a stream or anything else , it was barely able to squirt out a little spittle , i have been looking for a good handheld sprayer for a while and this is definitely not it . on top of that the connection for the hose never connected well to the reservoir AND the plastic connector piece physically broke just from trying to test the product out -LRB- i am gentle on things and was not putting any pressure on the part , so it broke just from being barely touched -RRB-
 Lacks power , PSI , to wash the side of my house , shed or garage . Could not even wipe the dirt from my car .
 I realize that this unit is inexpensive , and at this price you ca n't expect perfection , but god . This thing is a total waste of money . You would be better off using the money to buy lottery tickets . I do n't understand how Amazon can sell such garbage . First of all , as most of the other reviewers stated , it can not spray anything other than water , and it barely sprays water . You can spit further than this thing can spray . The stream is VERY weak . The only nice thing I can say about it is that the tank appears well made . . The tank will last a lot longer than the sprayer.If you have money to waste , buy this junk . . If you do n't have money to waste , spend a little more and buy a quality sprayer . .
 I never thought I would find myself reviewing a toilet seat , they 've always seemed pretty generic to me . But this one has been a real headache ! First of all , the plastic bolts that came with it were too short for my toilet ! Of course , I did n't get around to returning it , and then it was too late . So I managed to find the correct bolts here on Amazon , which added several dollars to my cost . But worse than that , now that I 've finally got it installed , the little flaps at the back that cover the bolts will not stay closed ! The only way to keep them from popping open is to loosen the bolts a little , but I certainly do n't want the seat shifting around . What a pain in the behind - pun fully intended .
 I would not recommend this seat . Yes it is nice and comfy , but not 3 weeks after I installed it , one of the PLASTIC hinges snapped . Why make a nice seat like this and then supply CHEAP PLASTIC hinges - I did n't expect this sort of poor quality from Kohler . Now I have to buy a new seat all over again .
 I should have read the product description more closely
 The handle does not hold the shaft tight , keeps falling off and after having it a long period of time it gets so stuck inside the handle it take a pliers to pull it free , I should know I bought over a dozen all at once . I owned one before -LRB- you know the ones you get at those hardware stores -RRB- and it was the best until I lost it , so I tried these.YUCK !
 Bought this and hoped it would be better than the last . It was n't . Piece of junk . Never turned on right , and could n't tighten it down .
 Worked fine for about a year and then the heating element burned out . When I took it apart pieces of white rock fell out that I guess was the heat resistant insulator that broke apart : - /
 I bought the Weller 5 to 40 watt Soldering Station and it got here fast but the iron is bad !! Does n't heat up !! BOOOooooooo !!!
 I spent a high price on this toilet and after a month the glue was not all that great and the metal part unhooked . I seriously think your firm should check the quality before pricing . I am upset , very upset because I have been decorating my home and what should have been part of it failed . I thought with the other review someone would contact me and offer some help and nothing . Not very great customer service . I will just try real stores and not online .
 I 'm giving it a 2 Star rating because the idea is worth something . But the plastic is a horrible choice of material . It ca n't handle any torque . Mine cracked and became worthless 3 seconds in . Long before I felt any strain on my own arms . That should n't happen.The device itself is basically a plastic cup designed to fit over the valve knobs so that you can get a grip on them and turn . This will not be good unless it is already easy to turn , just in a difficult place to reach . -LRB- Even that is a stretch , since it 's a long strait tool . -RRB- You 'll want to look somewhere else if your issue is difficulty turning the knob .
 Fell for the sale pitch on cool tools so bought set of five . Yes they do work but are much slower than a nail set and a hammer and you run out of fun factor real fast . the chisel is real waste of time and the punch is just to bad to talk about.Don ' t waste your money on this fools tool .
 if there is only 500 nails per tub at the quoted price , that would be over 80.00 for 2000 nails , while bostitch sells the same amount -LRB- 2000 -RRB- for half or less that price
 ordered 5 of these ... They appeared to be very old stock ! 2 were warped . . 1 was actually split in the middle with the metal backing plate holding it together . with the cost of shipping to return it . . I just glued it together and used it in the laundry room where no one sees it anyway .
 I had Dewalt drills for 10 years . They were always good with the exception of the batteries . I switched to the Hitachi drill hoping for better batteries , I was disappointed . I work construction and use the drill everyday . I will admit the drill gets alot of hard use . The first thing I noticed about the Hitachi drill is that it has quite a bit less torque in the high setting than the Dewalt . My drill is now 1 year old and no longer works . For the last 10 months the drill would get hot real fast . After drilling a 5/8 '' hole , with a new bit , through 10 '' of wood , the drill now only works in reverse . This time I will spend my money on a Dewalt . This drill would probably work for most people but if you do construction for a living then you should pass on this drill . The hammerdrill option worked well . The light was too dim to be useful .
 The case broke the first time I used it and now the keyless chuck is stripped . Yeah it has a 5 year warranty but I have to drive all over to get to one and the parts always take weeks to arrive . I thought Hitachi was so good boy am I wrong . I will NEVER buy a Hitachi tool again .
 I 'm a professional remodeler and bought this drill in July of '07 to replace a 14.4 v Porter Cable with two dead batteries -LRB- it was going to cost $ 120 just to replace the batteries , so I was able to sell the drill w/o batteries on craigslist and upgraded to this 18v -RRB- . First thing I noticed was that this drill is Heavy . Compared to the old PC 14v , it did n't seem to offer much more performance for the added weight . At first , I figured the task light on the belt clip was just a gimmick , but it proved well thought out and useable . However , five months after owning this drill and using it on a day to day basis , the gears started grinding and the chuck would n't spin . It 's not like I was trying to bore a tunnel through bedrock with a 5 '' forstner bit , either . Hitachi has a great 5 yr . warranty program , so I took it in to be repaired . The parts were on backorder - turned out to need a armature -LRB- and something else ... ? -RRB- and it was a month before the drill was repaired . Using the drill the next day , the same part broke . I called Hitachi and they sent me a whole new replacement drill.Now , just six months after using that drill , the same thing happened . I called Hitachi and demanded a refund . They said they would n't do that , but that they would send me a `` better drill '' , the Lithium Ion version -LRB- `` It 's a much better drill '' they assured me -RRB- . While the L-i version is slightly lighter weight - basically due to the lighter batteries - it 's basically the same drill , and honestly , I 'm not expecting much.Other considerations
 WOW , I am stunned by the ridiculous design of this toy ! you can not push the pins into wood without the flip-out probes un-locking and snapping back in and stabbing YOU!Who designed this piece of junk!Most of the time the readings are all over the map , no consistent reading on anything ! Moisture scale is `` Relative '' which means GOOD LUCK trying to figure out what the heck the actual moisture content is without the full instructions with you !
 I ordered this product to check the dryness of small wood pieces . Upon receiving it I followed the directions to calibrate . The only number that appears constantly is the number 1 . Nothing changes no matter what wood I test or how I go about trying . I replaced the batteries and still nothing works . This unit IS cheaper , but now I understand why .
 Extech MO100 did not work . It was tested against two other professional instruments and did not provide anywhere near the correct reading . It was returned and a refund was made . While the product did not work , returning it and receiving a refund went very smoothly and I am pleased with their willingness to deal fairly .
 Only one end of the two ends were threaded on all three of pieces of this product I purchased.Kinda usless as sent .
 I bought 2 of these floor lamps after having the desktop lamps by the bed for a few years . We love the desk lamps , the floor lamps seem to suffer from some manufacturing issues . I ordered 2 and one had the lamp socket at almost a 65 degree angle . This prevented the lamp shade from sitting on the base as intended and the shade was off center -LRB- not as in DFH off-centered ales though -RRB- Amazon 's exchange process was fast , easy and painless . Unfortunately the third lamp I received suffered from the same fate as lamp # 2 and the bulb was seated slanted as well as the shade being off center . I was determined to make this one work and took a long shafted screwdriver and manually with great force bent the socket ever so slightly . It still is n't perfect but I did n't really want to have to send another back . As easy and great as Amazon is with returns our off centered living room needed another light quickly . After further review of lamp # 1 I see that the shade does n't sit well on that base either , this could be corrected by a larger hole in the bottom of the glass shade or perhaps installing the socket base properly . I purchased some L-Prize LED bulbs to go in these lamps but the brightness of the bulb accentuates the slant of the install so I 'll just use some CFL bulbs .
 Lamp was much more petite than it appeared in photo . Did not have a quality appearance . The glass shade was exceptionally thin and fragile and arrived broken . Lamp not worth anywhere near its price .
 The quality control on these must be terrible . While one worked -LRB- for how long , who knows ... -RRB- the other rattled like it was full of rocks . Not even close to right.Caveat emptor .
 you 'd be better off searching around in your closet using your cellphone screen as a flashlight .
 I purchased this for a closet and wanted a battery operated fluorescent for brighter light . It was used only a few times before conking out . I thought a GE product would have been of better quality . Guess I 'll continue looking for a solution .
 I bought 3 GE 6 '' Fluorescent battery operated lights for my curio cabinet . After having them lit for 4 hours the first night , all the lights were out due to dead batteries . That was a total of 12 AA batteries used , which were new when I started . Not worth the money .
 Gloves were n't black & yellow . They came some funky grey color and smelled just as funky . They are rugged though .
 Hey , these gloves are pretty weak . If you need a pair to use for one or maybe at most two days , then fine , get these . If you need a decent pair of work gloves , do n't buy these . The material is just too thin . I wore through a finger in about 6 hours of use .
 Gloves were as described but were no better than a pair of work gloves that I could buy for half as much . I will blame it on myself for not shopping around first as I usually do but got taken on the price . I found these gloves much cheaper even with shipping than from here . I was going to return the order until I found out that I would have to pay for return shipping which would have then eaten into the savings of returning the gloves . These guys got me this time but it will not happen again . Gloves were as described but beware of the price .
 PURCHASED SEVERAL DEWALT ITEMS ... THOUGHT THEY WERE QUALITY ... I WAS WRONG !!!!!!!!!!! CHEAP $ 5 3 PACKS OF GLOVES LASTED LONGER . WITHIN 8 HOURS HAD HOLES THROUGH 1ST LAYER PREMIUM COWHIDE , SOON HOLES WERE CLEAN THROUGH AND I PUT ON CHEAP GLOVES THAT LASTED LONGER . GO TO MENARDS BUY PACKS OF 3 INSTEAD . I ENJOY MY DEWALT TOOLS AND I PUT THEM TO THE TEST OFFEN . RUN AWAY FROM THERE NON-TOOL ITEMS , I WILL FOR NOW ON !
 These are the same $ 1.89 gloves at Walmart except they have Dewalt name on them ! I know because I own the $ 1.89 gloves as well ! You make the choice.My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I got 1 pair they lasted a month before the first rip was in them so I got another pair after 2 days they ripped doing the exact same work both times .
 After the 2nd time I used the glove , the inside lining ripped loose and seeing that it could not be fixed I just ripped the rest of it out of the glove . Overall the exterior of the glove is fine but , the inside needs more quality .
 I used the gloves once for some normal gardening - cutting azaleas , hauling branches , etc. . They are total crap . Two of the finger seams on both gloves ripped where the leather and cloth meet . Useless . The funny joke is they have `` Guaranteed Tough '' printed on them ...
 the gloves are poor in quality . I used 1 pair for 2 weeks and now they are trashed . not heavy construction just around the yard . the palm wore out as well as 2 fingers . what should you expect for $ 7.00 dollars . if the gloves are made out of cowhide then it must have been a thin cow .
 I got these gloves because of the good price . I used them one time to clean the gutters out and they fell apart . Not great .
 These gloves worked well however around the cuff it is tearing and falling apart . I do a lot of work with gloves from planting new trees to wood projects to mowing the yard . I had some basic leather gloves from Home Depot for many years and they held up great until one of the fingers started to get a hole . I bought this pair of gloves as a replacement and they did n't even last 6 months . They were comfy , but not durable enough . As a DeWalt product I was very surprised to see the low quality . All my powertools are DeWalt and I love them , but these gloves were no good .
 I have had great experiences with Dewalt tools so I figured spending $ 7 on a pair of their gloves was a wise purchase . Wrong ! These gloves are garbage . After a couple wears the fabric and leather came apart and my pinky fingers are sticking out . Duct tape will fix that , but come on ! I agree that the cheap $ 2 gloves at your local store are a better buy .
 My first bulb was installed in Dec 2007 , and is still running fine as of Feb 2008 . However , I installed my second bulb on a different socket -LRB- on the same circuit -RRB- 2 weeks ago , and it has already burned out . I called Feit to complain , and they insisted that they could not help me out because my bulbs do n't have the model number printed on their base . After offering to read off the model number that 's printed on my box -LRB- ie , 50PAR20/QFL -RRB- , they were very reluctant to accept this info . Strange . Anyway , after ~ 10 mins or so , they eventually stated that they 'll ship me a replacement , and that it should arrive in 4 to 6 weeks . Yup , 4 to 6 weeks ! A Final Warning
 I RECEIVED THE SET OF TWO BULBS AND INSTALLED THEM IN MY NEW RANGE HOOD . ONE BULB WORKED AND ONE DID NOT WORK . I SWITCHED SOCKETS AND BULBS AND STILL THIS BULB WOULD NOT WORK . I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT MY RECOURSE IS , BUT I DO NOT RECOMMEND THAT YOU BUY THESE BULBS .
 This item was listed right by the hood I chose and needed . However , this itemwas NOT for the model hood I ordered and is useless . By the time I got someoneto install the hood the return time was over for full refund on this . At this pointit will cost more to send back for the few dollars I would get as a refund.This has happened to me before with another item and all I can say is be verycareful when ordering to see that it goes with your original item.The marketing tactics here are are to just sell whether it goes with the item or not .
 This is showed while buying the Baron kitchen range hood . but this will be too hot for that range hood and the same is available in home depopt for cheaper price . i do n't find any defect with this . but Since even though i have amazon prime , Ca n't return this item . beacuse of the shipping .
 Although they were packed very well , one bulb arrived broken . The outside was intact but the inside rattled like small screws inside a rusty tin can . I do n't think it was damaged in shipment as the box was completely intact and packed with foam peanuts . Now comes the horrible return process . I just do n't think I should have bought light bulbs by mail !
 The SOG Tomhawk arrived on time , but the package was torn and the bladeis nicked up badly . I am keeping it because I do n't like to wait .
 i bought this hawk with intention to throw it ... after about a week of heavy use the head broke right off !!!!! Apparently it has a life time warranty . but all the same im extremely upset
 the head chipped while clearing brush.it wobbled thru the air when thrown.the blade does handle small limbs nicely .
 Blade got nicked the first couple of days . It must have hit a small rock when I was hacking around in the brush . What a disappointment .
 A forgery , not the real F01 . The head is slightly wrong and the handle snapped the first time I used it . Do n't buy this !
 I received this item as a gift for christmas and within three uses , right between where the two screws on the handle are , it snapped . The reason for it snapping ? It was made with a very cheap type of steel . I was using it on wood and chop number 3 snapped it and it flew off . Very dangerous . Just to clarify further , this is the product I purchased , so I am not mixing up the two versions of this .
 Per the S.O.G Web site this model F01T is made in China . Great price compared to the manufacturer website , saved 50 percent off . Blade came burred due to nylon sheath rivet touched the blade during shipping , nothing a quick pass by a stone grinder wo n't fix . I 'm a bit confused with the pictures provided by the manufacturer and the seller.The one that was shipped to me is not the Fusion by S. O. G. , but its the same length as the one on the manufacturer 's website as the F01T . The one shipped to me does not say Fusion by S.O.G.http : / / sogknives.com/store/F01T_tomahawk.htmlcomparison of F06-N Fast Hawk Tactical Tomahawk and F01T -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I own the SOG Fusion Tomahawk along with several of the Cold Steel Tomahawks . The SOG Fusion Tomahawk is too light and flimsy . Drilling several holes in the blade of the hawk is a really dumb idea - it lightens the hawk and makes it weaker and easier to bend/break . I do n't care for the plastic handle - it is easy to break and has a lousy grip . At a minimum , it needs 550 cord wrapped around the handle as the grooved grip is very uncomfortable . Wood handles are better . If you need a spiked tomahawk , get one of the Cold Steel Vietnam Tomahawks . Of all of my hawks , I like the Cold Steel Rifleman 's Hawk the best.I would not use this for combat .
 Nice tomahawk made well but not for throwing as it will damage it!up by the top of the handle , so it , s just eye candy now and a close combat weapon !
 HAD 2 OF THESE TOMAHAWKS . THEY LASTED OVER 1,000 PLUS THROWS . WHEN THEY BROKE I CONTACTED SOG AND THEY SENT ME REPLACEMENTS . THE REPLACEMENTS 1 LASTED 3 THROWS AND THE OTHER LASTED 7 . SENT THEM OFF AND WE AKSED THEM IF THESE WERE MADE FOR THROWING AND THEY SAID YES . TOOK OVER A MONTH TO GET THE OTHER 2 BACK . FINALLY GOT TO PLAY AGAIN AND THE 3 THROW 1 BROKE AND MY OTHER ONE IS STILL IN ONE PIECE BUT HAS THE SCREW 'S MISSING OUT OF THE HEAD ALL READY . I MEAN IS THIS A JOKE ? DID THEY CHANGE THE QUALITY OF THE HANDLE ? OR WHAT . I JUST WISH I CAN GET MY MONEY BACK NOW AND GET A COLD STEEL !
 So I went to my local sporting goods store and was excited to see the SOG Tomahawk in stock . I immediately asked the counter person to take one out for me . I could n't wait to get home to check out so I took it out of the packaging in the parking lot . I got home and took a couple tosses at the log I throes knives into and it throws nice . BUT on my 7th toss the handle broke right off . I.am very disappointed . If you want a tomahawk buy the Battle Axe . That 's what I should have done .
 Bought this to mail to Army bud in Afghanistan . Got it and spent all of five minutes with it before noticing that sheath stinks ! Rivets pulling out of poor quality materials that were coming apart . NOT GOOD TO GO ! Hawk itself seemed good , but sheath was a deal breaker , wish it came with kydex or at least good quality nylon . Hawk felt good in the hand and at around $ 37 not bad , but sheath was BAD . Come on SOG you make good stuff , but who made the sheath ? I hope this gets fixed . our guys and gals need good gear . Not fit as is for deployment . would be ok in vehicle , but sheath can not be trusted !
 Bought this for my nephew , and he threw it at a wood block and the handle broke on 3d throw . Might be OK if do n't throw it .
 From its writeup , I expected a well-balanced , well thought-out , state-of-the-art tool ... NOT!I consider my hands to be &#34; small-large &#34; . Even so , the handle felt too small in diameter for my comfort . That , coupled its being &#34; top-heavy &#34; , made using it feel awkward and uncomfortable . Cheap hatchets from a discount store have felt much more user-friendly .
 dont buy this for throwing the '' BALLISTIC POLYMER BROKE IN HALF , sog is a chineese piece of crap company
 The handle of this tomahawk broke off within the first 5 minutes . A better choice to buy would be the vietnam tomahawk made by cold steel VIETNAM -LRB- TOMAHAWK -RRB- . It 's handle appears more traditional so even if it breaks you should be able to easily repair it .
 I wanted an axe that I could not only throw but could also chop trees and trim shooting lanes when I need to . I was to be using it at the deer lease mostly . I chose this one due to its good reviews but honestly the ppl who reviewed it have no idea what their talking about . The cheap metal blade comes sharp and the shipping is extremely fast but the blade bends and breaks with normal wear and tear . It 's cheap metal . As far a throwing it is concerned ... Do n't even bother . I broke 2 of them in less than an hour . The handles are cheaply made and break easily . I 've had plastic forks that were more durable . The best use is to mount it over the fire place and hope that all the weight from the dust does n't break it .
 This tomahawk will break . I know two people beside myself who have bought this tomahawk , their 's are broken too . The metal will bend and chip chopping soft sapplings , the handle will break if you chop something too hard . I guarantee it!Again , DO NOT BUY THIS !
 i have held this hatchet and looked it over pretty good it has a very thick blade almost 1/4 inch thick awesome if u bought it to fight with for combat but do not buy this if u want a throwing hatchet its so thick it wont stick and the handle will brake you need a throwing hatchet handle to be able to slip out of the head of the axe if it is thrown wrong the force made by hitting the tree or target will brake this handle very easy COLD STEEL makes a line of awesome hatchets that i love they hold a great edge and you can buy new handles for cheap like 8 bucks ! the rifleman , norse -LRB- a brand of axe by CS -RRB- is great for throwing the blade is flared and sticks every time 60 % of the time . . lol . . jk but really the cold steel norse hatchet is made for throwing and this is modeled after the veitnam fighting axe in the late 60 's
 The first shipment arrived and both bulbs were nonfunctional . I returned the items and was shipped a new set . The second set arrived and 1 bulb in the set did n't work . I 'm tired of playing the `` ship it back game . '' I think these might be best bought at the local hardware store .
 I boiled it , oiled it , and STILL it 's stiff and impossibly hard to open . I worked it about 30min . STILL really stiff . The same day I bought this I bought a Leatherman Surge and that one opens like a hot knife through butter.Disappointing .
 I bought this Leatherman Charge AL to replace a Leatherman Blast that I lost . I thought I would upgrade to the more than double in price AL. . BIG MISTAKE ! I dont know if Leatherman dropped the ball in their QC department or if someone returned a used product to Amazon and they tried to pawn it off on me . The rivets holding the name plates on the handles were so loose they were pratically falling off . The main blade was not locking up properly . Fingerprints all over the tools like it had been used . I returned it immediatly . This is the first product from Amazon -LRB- and Leathermans -RRB- that I had a problem with . Buyer beware ! Also the picture shows the premium nylon sheath ... yea ... you dont get the sheath shown .
 I received this product on 11/30 and inspected it shortly afterward . I 'm thinking someone actually bought this , used it and sent it back , and then was given to me . The leatherman looked dirty , there is what appears to be rust on the blade and wear on the file . Leatherman is a top quality product , so I 'm disappointed on how this item arrived to me . I would send it back if I did n't need it so badly for some work I 'm currently doing . Next time I buy a leatherman , I will not go through amazon .
 My box states that this bulb `` lasts up to 7 years '' . In a ceiling lamp in our kitchen our lamp lasted 15 months . Why buy a more expensive bulb if it has such a short life ?
 These are the dimmest 65W bulbs imaginable . I feel conned ! Plus they have wide neck and did n't fit my standard bulb sockets properly at all . I usually get GE bulbs and bought these without thinking about the brand - I would NEVER buy Feit bulbs again !
 I would never buy again . I bought a box of six 65BR30 120V INDOOR FL00D TRACK & RECESSED because of lower price ; but they burn out quickly and break off in socket when trying to remove . What a mess . I had my electrician remove the remains of two and now the third is out and wont screw out of socket .
 There are six lights to a package . Three do not work . Instead of saving money , I ended up paying far more than if I bought them at a local store .
 these lights have made a good name , but now are way over priced and they are not really built that well , I have five of them and three are broken within , , they are worth about $ 2.95 and not a penny more . .
 I bought this flashlight in January of 2010 . In September , it quit working . One of the batteries leaked -LRB- my fault for not checking sooner -RRB- , corroding the interior to some extent . I had to use a bench vise to unscrew the butt end although there is n't all that much corrosion in the threads . Changed batteries . No light . Removed the switch -LRB- with a lot of effort -RRB- ; the switch has no obvious corrosion . Bulb problem ? Can not figure out how to remove the bulb from the end of the switch without destroying bulb and switch . Tried to order a replacement switch but it 's a discontinued part ! The only corrosion is inside the tube , not on the contacts . Reassembled it ; still no light . I could buy a replacement switch and hope it works but I do n't have the time or patience . This is going in the garbage .
 IMO the quality of Mag is gone . What used to be good seems to be junk now . It amazes me that their lights can not be reliable . I have given up and moved on , save your money and forget what these used to be , flashlights changed and mag did n't .
 i needed a super bright led mag , its a good price if you need a basic led.quality product , thankx ... the star box is broken on my side . 3STARS !!!!!
 I bought two of these ; have used each for less than 1 hour of `` on '' time , and threw both of them out within 3 months of purchase after they became unusable . I keep a light in each car trunk , and due to exposure of heat and cold , eventually a cell will swell up a little -LRB- not leak , not fail , just swell -RRB- . When this happens , you can not get it out without destroying the light . This is due to too tight a fit between the body and the cell -LRB- some cells , even new , fit with difficulty -RRB- . Since the head can not be disassembled , there is no way to remove a stuck cell if it can not be removed from the bottom . So much for a `` lifetime '' warranty , which excludes damage from cells.I have a brand x Chinese 3-D LED aluminum flash -LRB- with multiple LEDs -RRB- , which does not have this problem . It has been in a car trunk for over 2 years , with the same set of cells . The head comes off , and there is clearance for the cells . Also , it is 10x brighter , and the bulb -LRB- s -RRB- are not susceptible to damage like this unit.This Mag-Lite LED design is a slight update of the original Mag-Lite tungsten 3-D unit , which had the same flaws . C'mon , guys , update your design !!!! Or eventually , the public will get wise , and you will be out of business . I really do want to buy American , but I will not buy any more of these .
 Very bummed out on this purchase . My husband wanted a LED maglite for xmas . It looks nothing like the photo . The flashlight looks purple . It functions great with a bright light , but he keeps making fun of me that i bought him a &#34; purple &#34; flashlight . Dont choose this color .
 First of all , there was a bit of miscommunication between us which was resolved resulting in the package getting here sooner . The packaging was in order and the flashlight was new but , after putting in batteries -LRB- two different kinds -RRB- the only way it would work is if I held the thing facing straight up . The second I faced it forward or down it stopped working , not to mention it sounded like the LED light was rattling around inside . I 'm quite sure that it 's not purely Amazon.com LLC 's fault because the same thing has happened far too many times going to local stores.I will find out soon enough how they handle returned items , but until then ... Happy Holidays Everyone ...
 the new maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights with a DL in front of the serial number.i have found problems with thim burning out with in 2 to 6 months . i have gonethrough 3 maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights with in 2 years . i got all 3 of maglite led3 d-cell flashlights at my local Costco . i do n't know what maglite is doing but tharnew maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights ar not as good as the older maglite 3 d-cell flashlights.i give the new maglite led 3 d-cell flashlights 1 star out 5 . i give the older maglite 3 d-cell flashlights 5 stars out 5 .
 I had been a long time user of Maglites and bought over 25 since they were introduced . During that time I had several fail but never used the `` Lifetime Warranty '' . Recently I bought two that failed with the same problem . One was returned for service but never received back . When I complained I was told that I had waited too long to place a claim . I placed repeated calls to the service department & even wrote the CEO to no avail . All This all happened at the run up and distruction of Hurricane Sandy here on the East Coast.Although I prefer to buy American at this point I can no longer support a company that will not support lifelong customers with legitimate complaints . I now buy small , inexpensive focusable chinese LED lights from Amazon . They have worked better than I could have wished & I have placed orders to replace my remaining Disaster Recovery supplies . I gave away my 8 remaining Maglights to First Responders as I helped in the Sandy response in South Jersey where I live.I 'm sorry but I ca n't recommend Mag any more.Their products are now outdated . The workmanship although superb , seems to suffer from some bad parts , and the customer service is insulting .
 Maglite has been known for decades for a quality powerful light with a terrific warranty . Unfortunately their attempt at quality LED lighting is far from terrific . The LED lights if left on for more than 5 minutes sees a significant decrease in the brightness of the light . This is due to a failure to provide a proper heat sink for the LED light . The longer the light stays on the dimmer and dimmer it grows . To say the least this is really disappointing . Improper heat removal from the LED will significantly reduce the life of the bulb as well.Second , the power derived from the 3D batteries is not properly circuited or managed to provide a powerful beam that you would expect from the power that it is given . The biggest disappointment to prove this came when I recently ordered a Fenix key chain light that ran on 1 AAA battery . To say the least the light was as bright as my Maglite . After 5 minutes of operation the AAA Fenix light was brighter than the 3D Maglite because of the missing heat sink to effectively dissipate heat . Really disappointing.Third , the adjustable focus is worthless as the light only provides quality lighting when completely focused for the greatest throw of the light , which due to its poor power management does not give the 3D batteries justice . The light is completely unusable in the flood focus as a big black dark spot appears in the middle of the projection . The light to say the least needs a better focusing system . Not to mention that the reflector is made of plastic . Aluminum would be far better and could provide a nice heat sink.After about 6 months of light use my Maglite switch failed . This was after Hurricane Ike moved through my area and we were without power for 10 days . To say the least this was disappointing because of the quality that Maglite has been known for . I contacted Maglite via the internet as soon as my power was restored explaining my problem and they immediately sent out a replacement part , instructions , and tools necessary to change out the switch . I received the part within 10 days . It was an easy install and the correspondence was hassle free . In a time when corporations try to get out of warranties or force you to go through a long drawn out process it was refreshing to see Maglite honor their warranty with no hassle.The durability of the light is not in question . It is made from quality components and should offer a long life of use.Summary
 I agree that these flashlights work great for what they are , however , I have already blown 2 LED modules by dropping the flashlights by accident , once myself , and once by my 2 year old . The LEDs pop out of their housing rendering them uselsss . At that point all you can do is pull out the spare filiment bulb provided with the flashlight and use it . The replacement LED 's run almost 25 dollars . Not a good deal if you ask me . Buyer beware ...
 I did not buy one from Amazon . However , where I work -LRB- airport security -RRB- you need a good , reliable flashlight at night . Okay , so this one uses less power , but the LED is not changeable when it breaks down -LRB- drop it a few times and it WILL die , then what ? - Get a new flashlight instead of replacing the LED `` bulb '' ... then you get left with scrap aluminum , to use as clubs ? -RRB- AND I do n't care what anybody sayes , it does not focus as well or throw light as far as the first generation version with the changeable LED `` bulb '' also used as an upgrade . -LRB- They were hitting their stride when they released those . -RRB- I dazzled everybody that was using the new ones by showing them my old one , and we tested side by side . Never did any of the new generation LED Mag-lites measure up ot my old , first generaion LED Mag-Lite . Sorry , but that is the truth . Now , with this second generation , unreliable , and not as bright -LRB- technically they say it is brighter , but in practice at the airport , it does not do the job as well as the previous model -RRB- we will no longer be buying Mag-lites . Yes , they are on their way out of use by professionals that need good flashlights . Many are buying Stingers and LED LENSERS . -LRB- I think the more even and precise light you get from the older , 3-watt ones makes it light up things at a greater distance , and more evenly than the supposedly brighter 2-watt lopsided focus fixed LED version now sold . -RRB- Now we have to spend more money for what is as good as the first generation Mag-lite LED flashlights WERE . Personally , I like the rounder , more focused light I get from it too , although I have switched to LED LENSER for the most part , I still use my 3 cell first gen and it has outlasted 2 others that are second generation . My advice to you is get something else , and it pains me to say that given Mag-lite 's history with law enforcement and such . My direct replacement that is far superior and consequently more expensive it the LED lesner P17 . With that one you can not go wrong . It is just not AS waterproof as a Mag-lite , -LRB- do n't submurge it , but it is fine in the rain -RRB- but what can you do . My older , 3-watt Mag-lite with the replaceable LED `` bulb '' -LRB- an advantage over the LED LENSER -RRB- is still going strong , and it is several YEARS older than the new ones , -LRB- and none of them are working as of today . -RRB- Until they go back to the older quality , get something else , ANYTHING else . -LRB- try a Brinkmann Legend for a higher quality replacement -RRB- I am so very disappointed with the way Mag-lite went with this . I hope they wake up before they become a joke , and get something practical . Bottom line for us is
 . It came with no lamp and it was impossible to find the correct one to buy . I put it in recycle
 I had four mag lites . Two large , two mini . They all did the same thing . The tolerances are so fine , that WHEN the battery swells just a little , you can not get the battery out . Unless you send it to Mag Light and pay them $ 25.00 plus shipping to get the batteries out , you can toss the light in the garbage . NOTHING will get the batteries out , NOTHING . I was using top line batteries . Ridiculous design , batteries always swell over time due to the chemical reaction . Get one , and sometime down the road , it will do the same thing . Battery warranties cover leakage , not MINOR swelling , so that wo n't help.You are warned.My opinion , waste of money . Fancy , good looking , and well made junk , due to the battery tube tolerances . Nice to look at , feels good , worthless after a year or so .
 I received this Mag light in Dec 2010 for a Christmas gift.I installed brand new batteries and used it occasional for the next 6 months and really liked the flashlight . It is solid/heavy and puts out a decent amount of light . However , I went to change the batteries after 6 months and they would not come out . I eventually got 2 out , but have never been able to get the 3rd D-cell out , as it appears corroded in the flashlight . I have never had a problem with batteries corroding and getting stuck in any other flashlight , especially not after 6 months.After searching on-line , this apparently is pretty common . I 'm not sure if it is some chemical interaction between the metal of the flashlight and the battery casing , but numerous individuals have posted similar problems online . The manufacturer seems nice enough , but would only help with this problem if you had Duracell or Energizer -LRB- I do n't recall which I had -RRB- as those companies would replace the flashlight . The manufacturer offered to repair it , but the shipping & cost they charge to fix it would be more than the flashlight costs new . I have always heard good things about Mag lights , but in the future I will stay away from any Mag light , as this one will be going in the trash after 6 months of light use .
 I purchased my second 3D LED flashlight . I love the distance you can see with them at night ! Awesome . My first one lasted 6 months . Then the LED failed . I wrote MagLite and got no response . $ 39 at Lowes . I took it back to them , -LRB- of course , no receipt -RRB- . They said they could n't cover the LED . Fine . I paid $ 39 for a piece of junk . Actually packaged it up and sent it to MagLite hoping they would do something with it . Nothing . Gave up , bought another one -LRB- cause I liked the first one so much and am a glutton for punishment -RRB- . Yee-haa , it lasted nearly 4 months before the magic little LED stopped . I had saved the receipt and the warranty paperwork . -LRB- I did n't read the paperwork mind you -RRB- . Took a closer look and discovered , guess what , even though MagLite charges you out the butt for the LED technology they to realize it is mystical junk . They wo n't cover it either . This lite represents my last MagLite . I 'll Never , repeat , Never buy another one . Best of luck to you if you buy one cause my second one is headed for MagLite in Ontario Ca . with specific instructions on what they can do with it .
 I have spent over $ 140 on Mag-Lite flashlights and batteries over the last 3 years -LRB- on the recommendation of my son-in-law who is an airline mechanic -RRB- . One is a three D cell battery model and the other an identical size rechargeable model.The only thing I have used the flashlights for is occasionally taking my dog out at night and for emergency use during power outages . This is the ONLY use these Mag-Lite 's have had . Other that the occasional night excursions with the dog , these flashlights have never been used outside the house . Both models appear to have just come out the shipping carton -LRB- AMAZON -RRB- ... . not so much as even a smudge on the finish.Much of the reason they look unused is that BOTH sit uselessly on a shelf as BOTH are dysfunctional . The on/off switches will not work ... . the battery model is locked in the off position and the rechargeable model jammed in the on position . After trying three replacement batters on the rechargeable model , I could not get it to hold a charge for longer than 3 minutes after spending overnight in its recharging cradle.One expects to replace batteries and bulbs and I have no problem with that , but when equipped with these , the function of a flashlight is to shed light when desired and on that shelf sits $ 140 of new looking Mag-Lite 's that DO N'T . I know that these combined could NOT POSSIBLY have had four hours of total use.Sounds about like what you 'd expect out of something that came free in a cereal box , huh ?
 This was a christmas present for my friend , it was exactly what he needed . I wish I had the LED but it 's not .
 Very poor grounding system ; does not work `` first time , every time '' , requires some adjustments to get light to come on and then it may go off while in use . Not the reliable old Maglite ; do n't bet your life on this one . By former law enforcement officer.March 31 , 2010 - After some adjustments and some `` Wearing in '' I love the light ! I now believe it 's even better than the older bulb models , and yes , I am now `` betting my life '' on it when things go boom .
 I have the newer LED version as well as the classic incandescent version of this light . I leave the incandescent light standing with the tail cap off , because even though I rarely used the light , I would often find the batteries drained when I needed to use it . I had so far not had that problem with the LED light , until last night . No other light I have ever owned drains batteries like a Mag-Lite . We probably have 6 others in service right now around the house , and only the two Mag-Lite lights give us problems . If you want a big heavy club for hitting people with , great . But if you want to see them in the dark I hope you have a backup light from a different brand on you . Sorry , never again . I 'm moving over to the smaller , brighter , and better Fenix lights .
 What a piece of junk . I gave this product as a gift to my father-in-law . He used it regularly while checking his cattle . He started having problems with the switch that required him to hold the switch a certain way if we wanted it to work . Then the switch failed completely . When I contacted Maglite , they gave me the mailing address to the facility , and while I was n't pleased to pay the $ 8 shipping , I did it anyway . Well , several days later I received an empty container back from the postal service indicating that one of their facilities had received an open and empty package.I 'm finished with Maglite and will have to think twice about using the USPS for packages .
 Twist this to widest beam , and the center is a huge black hole . As in `` ca n't see much of anything '' in the hole . I `` inherited '' a 2-cell mag and converted it to LED and thought it was pretty cool . So I acquired the 3-cell and felt good . After all , Maglite as a great reputation . Choice of police officers everywhere , especially the 4-cell , which helps subdue criminals . -LRB- God bless our police , that last comment is not intended to be a dig or criticism . I 'd probably carry a 4-cell if I were a cop . -RRB- Then I discovered other LED flashlights that put out more light than a 3-cell Mag , and no black hole . For example , the Coast 7438 Tactical Focus , at 5 inches long , 5.6 oz. , and 3 AAA batteries . Comes with lanyard and nice carry pouch . Even in the pouch , this little light fits in your front pocket without showing a lump . The Coast costs roughly twice as much . Whether it is that much better than the Maglite with 3 D batteries depends on your perception and needs.I keep my 2-cell Maglite in the kitchen and the 3-cell by the bed . The Coast I keep in my pocket .
 I always liked mag in the past but with their LED mag I had issues . After one month of use the flashlight kept flickering . It was never dropped and always kept in a dry safe place . So I returned it and got another . The same issue it started to flicker on and off after a month of use . Other name brand led lights I own work great . The older none LED mag I own works great but the lights not as strong as the LED mag when it worked . I wanted this flashlight to work , the first month of use was wonderful and BRIGHT . But at $ 25 I expect years of use not a month .
 Picked up one of these Maglite LED 2D Cell lights on Black Friday . Trying it out , I 'm disappointed . The beam is n't as bright as a normal 2D flashlight . At around 15 feet , there 's a large dead spot at the center of the light . Adjusting the focus did n't change this . Back this goes to the store , as other brands such as Surefire , Fenix , and Streamlight do better .
 Flashlight works fine , however it is not what I ordered . I wanted the 2D cell LED and they sent me the 3-D cell unit - it was also the wrong color .
 DO NOT PURCHASE ! I have owned this light string for two weeks , half of the lights are out , and I 've gone all through them to no avail . Save your money and buy a better brand .
 Purchased this item in part for the `` constant on '' feature in which the remaining lights stay lit if one bulb goes out . The string was in place for roughly 24 hours and I arrived home to find 3/4 of the string out . I tried in vain to adjust the nonfunctioning bulbs to get the string to light . I 'm now left with useless trash which , I suppose , I will bundle up and send back to Amazon . Absolutely worthless product and especially galling in light of the `` constant on '' claim , which is absolutely fraudulent .
 I bought three Constant-on sets because I 'm tired of hunting down bad/loose bulbs . Here I thought I 'd just throw away the older sets when they stopped working for any reason . Imagine my surprise when only HALF the string of the third set of `` Constant-ons '' lit up ! Jiggled a lot of the bulbs , reset a few ; NOTHING ! Seems like FALSE ADVERTISING to me . Now I 've either got to return these , or dispose of them . I do NOT like GE .
 They sell these as stand-alone or in their pre-lit trees . Either way , they have a `` current-limiting bulb '' per string that functions as an in-line fuse . When this burns out -LRB- which it frequently does -RRB- , you are punked . It 's not replaceable . Brilliant bit of planned obsolescence .
 These lights burn out quickly ! They are plain junky . Every 50th light bulb has a `` fuse bulb '' -LRB- marked by a white casing the bulb connects into -RRB- that is GLUED into the socket . Once it burns out , the section of lights between it and the next fuse bulb will go completely out . It is not intended to be replaced by the user and does not have an available replacement part . If you try to take the bulb out , it ends the warranty . If this bulb goes out -LRB- and it will much sooner than it should -RRB- and your warranty is over or you messed with the fuse bulb , you are out of luck . You are not going to be able to fix or replace it . This product is a complete waste of money .
 I read in the description that if one light either burned out or became loose , the other lights would stay on . I specifically bought this product based on the description . Well guess what happen . One bulb must have become loose and 50 of the 100 lights went out . Is there a set of these miniature lights that will stay on . This brand will not .
 Disappointed in the GE product of xmas lights that are sold these days . I never had a problem with them over the years , they lasted for multiple holiday years without having to replace them . The last two years I 've had to buy new each year because one or two strands would burn out before xmas . Same thing this year , bought three new strands and the one in the center of the tree burned out xmas morning when the tree lights were turned on . Will never buy this product again , very disappointed . They are NOT &#34; constant on &#34; lights either , half a strand will burn out or three quarters of the strand or the entire thing , awful quality in recent years . Do not recommend at all .
 Purchased a GE pre-lit tree with C-5 constant on lights . All GE pre-lit trees are on the expensive side , but beautiful trees . The lights worked a couple of weeks , then part of a set went out . With a thousand other things on my mind , I purchased more lights and tried to mask the flaw . By Christmas -LRB- about 3 weeks after purchse -RRB- two sets of lights were only half lit . The next year I did n't want to deal with it , so purchased more lights -LRB- definately NOT GE brand -RRB- and a live tree . This year I decided this $ 300 + tree was way too expensive to be a 3-week proposition -LRB- and at that with 1/2 of 2 sets out -RRB- and determined I would use it . Now three sets of the lights are half way out . I have spent at least 4 hours this evening alone trying to get them going . No luck . That is the last GE product I will be purchasing .
 I put these on a south facing window and parts of the shades disintigrated over time due to the intense sun where I live - Colorado . Hunter Douglas would not cover them with their warranty as it states that exposure to the elements voids the warranty . They consider the sun an element ... I guess you need to use these shades where the sun does n't shine . These are way too expensive to be replacing them every several years . Just a heads up if you are considering buying these . I wo n't spend the money for these again . As a follow up - 8/29/07 - I wrote to the corporate office and Hunter Douglas is replacing the Sillouettes under warranty .
 Received a defective device that does not even work . Needle does n't even budge when leads are touched in the ohm function . Waste of time ...
 My unit emitted a puff of smoke and ceased to work the first time I used it for AC readings . The unit is considerably larger than a normal pocket meter and the wires do n't disconnect from the bottom of the unit making it even larger . I returned it for an $ 11 GE branded multimeter -LRB- Model # 50952 . -RRB-
 It met my need for a battery checker.The amp meter is OK . I would fear checking higher voltage.Spend the extra money on a digital .
 Very inaccurate AC voltage indication . The item is inexpensive ... not worth returning or fussing about . It can be used to test flashlight batteries . I will be happy to enter a neutral review , but I ca n't honestly say the unit is fully useful .
 This is an analog meter . It needs to be calibrated . Maybe the one I got was defective . I could not get the calibration screw to move the needle . Sent it back . Probably should have spent more money for a decent one . ; -LRB-
 Defective unit , impossible to measure ohms . Was advised by Vendor a new unit will be shipped as per e-mail of Kaito Electronics Inc. dated June 04,2010 with additional promises afterward and no action so far . Very disappointed about the situation . Please clarify as soon as possible this unfortunate transaction regarding the multimeter.All previous purchases were excellent . Thank you ...
 Lightweight ; pretty accurate as far as I could tell ; the analog arrow settles quickly enough and does n't bounce too much.I took it apart today to replace a blown fuse -LRB- which was my fault -RRB- . Plastic pieces are held together by screws -LRB- ! -RRB- , and gray plastic shavings were coming out as I unscrewed them .
 Terrible . Did not read properly . Was returned money . Poorly made . The ohm zero adjust did not work Voltage reading wrong .
 I got mine , and it was dead on arrival.I checked the battery , and I tried a different battery , so that was n't the issue.When I tried to use it , the indicator needle would jump a tiny bit and then stop . It would not read the resistance . I followed the directions and I tried to calibrate it according to the instructions , but nothing would move or adjust.On a happier note , my money was refunded .
 This multimeter does not have the most important selection -LRB- 110V and 220V -RRB- in the ACV selector dial . Testing a 110V outlet , If I set the ACV dial to 50 , It will go over and if I set the ACV dial to 500 it will point to a little over 50 . It can not give accurate or actual voltage . Another thing is that it show in the picture that the color of the back cover is yellow . Red was shipped to me . Would it be nice if you provide a color selection in the order page ? My tools are color coded and I want yellow . That is one of the reason I chose this product because it is yellow .
 These are excellent drill bits from an manufacturer with an excellent reputation , but at the price I 'd expect these bits to make holes by themselves on verbal command . Seriously , Amazon is selling these for 4 or 5 times what good drill bits cost from other sites .
 I have not used my Peltor Tactical Sport noise cancelling earphones for some time . After replacing the bateries , I do n't remember how to turn the device on or off ! There is a small rubber embosed on/off symbol on the side of one of the ear pieces adjacent to the volune plus and minus buttons . Pressing that -LRB- on/off -RRB- button seems to do nothing . There is no indicator like a light nor is there any apparent change in the sounds heard through the ear phones . I ca n't tell if I turned it on or off . I need some help . Incidentally , my Peltor model does not look like the current illustrations of the product . I probably have an earlier model .
 I thought this is orginal `` crystal quoest `` product ... I received some noname chinise product , not same as add.I feel very disappointed , but it 's expencive to return it from north-europe to canada .
 This shower head works fine , but it falls out of the mount very easily . After falling about a dozen times and chipping the shower tile , it finally broke for good . What a waste of money !
 My low rating is not so much for the operation of the product but for the advertisement . I have yet to install the item but the add says `` Wall Mount '' . The fine print description says `` shower mount '' . Use caution , this item is a ` Shower Mount ' hand shower . If you need a `` Wall Mount ' hand shower -LRB- as I did -RRB- , try the # 56513 not the 56613 . Too bad I did n't pick up on it before I spent my time and money on it .
 Showerhead falls out of mount and chipped the finish off my new bathtub . Do not buy this shower head .
 These gloves are good quality , but no different than the ones you find at any discount department store for a fraction of the cost . The only difference is that the discount store gloves do not have the Mud logo on them , the material , build method and quality are virtually identical.So if I could , I 'd rate these a 4/5 for quality and a 1/5 for value .
 I unfortunately never received this item and emailed the company . I did get a response that they were on vacation , but never received the item !! So guess what ... do n't ever use this company !!! As of Aug. 11th , I am still waiting for the product .
 I had to replace both the hose from the Moan hand shower head and this right after installation - both were leaking and water was shooting straight out . It needed to be replaced immediately and no time for a return and replacement . Huge waste of money .
 I had to replace both the hose from the Moan hand shower head and this right after installation - both were leaking and water was shooting straight out . It needed to be replaced immediately and no time for a return and replacement . Huge waste of money .
 The lock would have been very nice if all the parts were in the package . It was missing the stem which is impossible to latch the door without ! Was n't worth the cost of returning so I had to go to Lowe 's and purchase another . Would be a great replacement to hold on to for the future if they would send the missing part free of charge . I 'll let you kow if THAT happens !
 I was excited to recieve these little items to use underneath my counters in the kitchen . Although they cost almost as much as a halogen system , I figured not having to deal with the wiring would be a big plus . Unfortunately , they are not really up to the task at all . During the day they are so dim that you ca n't tell if they are on or off , even after replacing the batteries -LRB- which is required much more often that the 180 hours quoted -RRB- . At night , they are visible , but do n't provide any usefull light except directly below the device , in a 2 '' circle . Even with the expense of 3 AAA batteries about every week , they can be cool as they add some blue light that blends well with the more common yellow light from incandescents . Do n't expect to achieve helpful lighting though.I must mention the real problem however . The `` permanently '' sticky material sounds better than it actually works . After 2 or 3 removals to change batteries , do n't expect them to stick under something . I repeatedly come to the kitchen in the morning to find them laying on the counter . And since they are push to operate , the fall turns them on , so you have wasted even more of the pathetic battery life.All in all , these products have produced a great deal of frustration . I wish I had my money back to purchase a halogen setup and just deal with the wiring .
 The amount of light this puts out is very very little . If you actually want to illuminate an area , get something bigger .
 ... and concentrated to only the front of the light . For instance , one could not stick it on the back of a headboard and read a book unless your headboard was at same angle as your book .
 I wanted to use these spots for under cabinet lighting in my home office . The amount of light produced is so minimal , they are useless . I ca n't imagine an application where they would be helpful .
 I bought a couple of these , and based on hype expected them to be something special . They are not . The light is similar to that from a head lamp . It wo n't light up a closet or dark corner very well . I 'm not sure what you would use it for . It might actually make a nice tent light .
 Two of the 3 fell to the counter within 1 week . Are still working and will use glue to restick . Not as much light as I expected . BP
 Beware ! Where is the quality control here ? I purchased three of these and all three of them were DOA . And since they 're opened , I 'm not sure if I can send them back -LRB- at least that 's how I read the policy -RRB- . And try getting Amazon on the phone -- what a joke.Highly NOT recommended .
 Useless . Not even enough light to help under kitchen cabinets or over stove . A complete waste of money . The review option did n't allow me to give the Sylvania DOT LED light a NO star rating .
 I was very eager to try this product , but WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!Fireflies give off more light than these things do .
 I bought two of these for under my cabinets in the kitchen . I might as well have not even installed one . It made no difference whatsoever in lighting my cutting board . So I put the other one in the bedroom , makes a great night light . I did n't really need another night light ; I needed task lighting in my kitchen .
 My old cabin of a house has no lighting in the closets . I thought this might be the answer , but it was only a partial answer . The special adhesive does n't do well on polished wood , so the light kept falling off the closet wall . I solved this by putting a small square of hook and loop on it . Because of its size , it does n't provide a great deal of illumination ; I can see the tops of my garments , but not the shoes on the floor . I could add a couple more lights , but do n't want to have to turn on 3 or 4 lights -LRB- including one at the bottom -RRB- , find my clothes , then turn them all off again . I am still considering purchasing a couple more for under-shelf task lighting at the office . They work , but think about where you want to use them before buying .
 I bought these for a small china cabinet . I wanted a light under each shelf to softly light up the inside without having to hook up wiring.I actually hate the light that these create . The beam is VERY concentrated -LRB- a small , very distingishable beam . I am not sure what type of application would benefit from a concentrated 2 inch beam of light but anywhere requiring general lighting is n't a good place for these lights.Also , the light it casts is blue-ish -LRB- what I guess they meant by bright white ? -RRB- . It is a very unflattering hue-more blue-ish than flourescent.They seem pretty useless to me and are going back today !
 I bought six Sylvania DOT-it lights to stick underneath my kitchen cabinets to illuminate the countertop . I was sorely disappointed because the lights were bright , but only illuminated a six inch circle of countertop . Thankfully , the sticky mounting surface does pull free with ease so I took them down without wrecking my cabinets . These lights are a great IDEA but fell short of my expectations .
 The light is handy and rather bright , but the adhesive that came on the light does not hold it in place for long . I ended up putting double sided tape on the back to use it over my sink .
 We bought the product to light up art objects in a display case . The were perfect , slim , good light , etc , all except they all went out in 15 min . We planned to use them when we had company over for the evening . I would assume they would last for 3 or 4 hours before you turned them off . Is this normal or did we get a bad batch of lights . The light we bought was the Sylvania 3 button LED light . It is slim and silver with a good adhesive . The backing of the light stays with the adhesive . The front part of the light with the actual batteries and lights comes off the back plate easily to replace the batteries.Sally
 Long lasting LED 's for sure . I do n't find the round shape useful and the switch can take some determination .
 At first , the light worked great for a few days and was bright . -LRB- We wanted it for our child 's room in case of a hurricane -RRB- . Afterward , it stopped working . We changed the battery and it still did not work . The item cost about $ 7.00 and I purchased it online so it was not worth going through the trouble of exchanging it or returning it . It was money lost for us . Perhaps it was just that particular light was defective ?
 Arrived with dead batteries in it , factor the price and time of getting three AAA batteries on your own into your decision of whether to buy this product or not .
 Tape does n't stick !! Does not luminate hardly any light ... maybe for mood lighting , that 's it . They 're in a drawer and soon will be in the trash !
 These lamps are n't all they are cracked up to be . Each barely puts out enough light to make them useful in any application . I used them in a glass lined display case for some rock specimens I have and they barely illuminated an area 1 ' x 2 ' x 2 ' -LRB- and I used TWO of them !! -RRB- . A regular D cell flashlight provides better illumination . Additionaly , the light is a harsh white as compared to the normal ` warm ' light one gets from a standard incandescent bulb . I suppose there might be some applications these would be well suited for but using them for display cabinets or under cabinet lighting will surely disappoint .
 They 're cute , and I thought they 'd be great for the frequent winter power outages where I live . I stuck one on the bathroom wall . A few hours later I went to reposition it , and it took a big chip of paint off the wall when I pulled it off . So beware of where you stick these things !
 I bought two of these tap-lights to use in a small closet - in the winter it was hard to see everything clearly . I received them today and neither of them tapped on and the screw to remove the back is so small that I do n't have a Phillips screw driver to even take off the back and replace the batteries - the ones that are supposed to be included - and working . I will be returning this product .
 This light is bright but not good for general lighting in a closet.Once stuck on the wall it did not want to come off screwing up our wall .
 I thought these lights would be good for my daughter to put in her dorm room locker so she could see her clothes without turning on the overhead light and awaking her roommate . Unfortunately , they 're a little too small to serve for this purpose . They 'd be better used as a path light to the bathroom , for example .
 These lights are not as bright as they are advertised to be - and I 've had several die on me in a very short span of time . Very disappointed with this product .
 First , it does not work and it is NOT easy to remove once you stick it on a surface.Second , I have seen them in stores in packs of 3 for under $ 10 so paying $ 8 for one on Amazon was just crazy ; I should have shopped around first !
 The light is very blue white and not very bright . You have to pull it off the surface it is glued to to replace the batteries . I would n't buy them again .
 This light gives of a small pool of low intesity light . I stuck them under my cabinets , hoping to give the counter tops a little more light . They did n't . Some lights were a little stronger than others , but none were worth the price . The did n't stick very well either . I cleaned the surface before adhearing them just as the directions said to , but it did n't help . Not worth the money .
 I bought 2 of these lights in January . One did n't work from the first . The second one fell off the wall -LRB- multiple times -RRB- within a month . But it really did n't matter if it stayed on the wall or not because it added almost NO light to my closet . Better luck next time , Sylvania .
 I bought several of these lights and am dissapointed in their light output . It took three , not one , to illuminate a shelf in my laundry room . I would have returned them if not for the restocking charge and return shipping costs . They do allow a long battery life .
 It just does not provide enought light to be used as an additional interior car light .
 The DOT Lights do not stick very well under kitchen cabinets . They also do not provide enough light for cooking . They are a good idea they just need to be improved in sticking and strength .
 I put a couple of these lights on the underside of my kitchen cabinets to add some additional task lighting . Unfortunately these lights simply are too dim to add any useable lighting .
 I bought a couple of DOT units to use in my custom car for some extra lighting . Unfortunately , the DOT-it is has a combination lens/on-off switch that is not really held in place firmly and hence rattles . This is a design flaw and because the case is glued together you ca n't get to the lens to silicone or super glue it in place and eliminate the rattles . It might be great for non-vehicle applications but it is going to rattle like crazy if you use it in a motorcycle or car .
 For one thing , it gives off very little light . If you are in the dark and use one of these , it 's next to useless.To make matters worse , mine only works if I hold the button in . I ca n't click it and keep it on.What a waste of money .
 I bought these lights intending to use them in my closet , and for underneath cabinets in the kitchen . These lights do n't put out enough light for them to be useful for anything I wanted to use them for . The only thing they might be good for is to place in your glove compartment , or any very small area . Also , the battery does not last very long , and the lights do n't stick very well to surfaces .
 I would not call the adhesive reusable . The light stuck valliantly for almost a week in the first place I put it -LRB- under the kitchen cabinet -RRB- . But the first time I removed it and put it on another surface , it fell off . I tried sticking it on more firmly . It fell off again . I put it back under the kitchen cabinet . It fell off . Now it does n't stick anywhere for more than a few minutes without dropping to the ground .
 Try 10 hours of useable -LRB- that you can read by -RRB- light , and perhaps 25 hours of any light at all . But then comes the real fun - changing the batteries . AAA batteries are easy to find these days , and I had plenty in stock when the time came . But the three phillips head screws that keep the light together are an odd size . None of the many phillips head screwdrivers in the house fit it , not even my computer sized ones or the ones I had to fix sunglasses -LRB- the screws are somewhere inbetween those two sizes -RRB- . If I have to buy a screwdriver to change the batteries on one light , it 's not worth my time . Especially if that light does n't even work as advertised .
 I bought two bulbs in the beginning of Oct. . One of them is not working all right , specifically with the on/off function . It can not be turned off without pulling the bateries out.Here is my experience with their customer service . So I contacted the customer service and did get reply the next day , who claimed to send me a replacement after receiving my address . I replied with appreciation and my address . After 3 weeks , I received nothing . Then I send another email request . After 1 week , nobody replied . Then I sent my third request last week . No responce . What makes me disappointed is not the bad bulb , but the guy who made the `` false '' promise.The one star is for the working bulb , which is what I wanted for my bathroom . The light is not bright , which is good for me at night . But I did find similar products at CVS for 3 bulbs that only cost half of the price I paid for this products -LRB- including shipping fee -RRB- .
 Do n't buy this if you want to illuminate anything more than 10 inches from where you place the light . I put 2 in a free standing wardrobe and they really do n't help .
 Dispite an attractive design , this product has few practical uses . The light output is poor , and very blue . It 's essesntially a battery powered night light , that gets very dim after a short period of time . Then the batteries have to be replaced . It was a disappointment , even at $ 5.00 .
 The light looks great and works fine , but the sticky stuff on the back is not strong enough to hold it in place . I had to use epoxy glue , which means I will have to break it free when the batteries have to be replaced . Product needs a few holes in the rim so you can screw it in place .
 Very little usable light . I put it in an average size closet and found that I would need 5 or 6 of these lights to provide even barely adequate lighting . I will find an alternative way to deal with the situation .
 Adhesive back not strong enough to stick to most surfaces - falls off
 Sounded like a great idea . So I ordered 2 of them . Neither one worked.NOT very impressive !!!
 These lights are a waste of money . They do not stick in most places . Once the light is removed from a location , it will not stick anywhere else . I can not understand how they ad can say they will stick over and over again . The light they give off is very minimal . I would n't waste my money and I wish I had a way to return them . DO N'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THESE LIGHTS , THEY ARE REALLY JUST JUNK .
 When I bought this light I was told it was `` the brightest battery light you will ever find . '' I put it in a small closet and it barely casts enough light to see what is on the shelf right next to it , much less the rest of the closet . I would have been better off hanging a lightbulb on an extension cord . Very poor product .
 I bought 3 for above the sink . Even with all 3 turned on , it is n't bright enough . All these really do is offer mood lighting . To make things worse , the light is n't white but rather a very light blue .
 The DOT-it did not stick under my kitchen cabinet , nor on the wall of my closet . The light was a blue tint and `` cold '' . I had ordered 3 . I returned 2 un-opened packages .
 THIS LIGHT ONLY LASTS 3 NIGHTS.APPROX . 8 HOURS PER NIGHT .24 HOURS GRAND TOTAL.BETTER HAVE LOTS OF BATTERIES .
 When I got this to put in the closet , I was very pleased
 I ordered 3 of these lights for my desk space at work , which is normally very dark . When I put these lights in place , the light was a bright , attractive blue that lit up my work space.Of the 3 I ordered , only one is putting out light that is even comparable to the first day . I 've been using the lights for just under two weeks now , and they are on for about 8 hours at a time . Now two lights are shining a very dull yellow.Change the batteries you say ? Good Luck ! The only way to change the batteries is to un-stick the lights and remove the back with a Philips screwdriver - and let me say that if there is one thing these lights do very well , it is stay put !! Not at all what I 'd hoped for .
 I tried to use it on my car trunk but it does n't stick well , especially in warm temperature . Another not so useful junk in my garage .
 Was expecting a lot more from these . The purpose of my purchase was to add additional light to a bi-fold door closet . Found I needed at least 6 of them in a 23 '' w 7 ' 3 '' h section of the closet to provide minimal light at best .
 I have tried two of these . First one I returned because it would not stick to my closet wall , which is painted wood . I cleaned the surface too so it was n't dirty . I got a replacement , and although it stayed stuck for a month , it too has now just starting popping off . Of course it started doing it after the 30-day return window , so now I 'm having to negotiate with Amazon as to whether they will take it back . I think they should because it 's the same defect twice.The light itself would have been sufficient for a dark closet , not something you 'd want to read by , but it shows the color of your clothes . But as it is always on the floor nowadays , it 's pretty useless .
 What a great idea for a stick-up ! Unfortunately , this item `` smells '' too . The Sylvania DOT-ITs stick where ever you put them , but if you really want to use the led light to `` see '' something ; forget it . Put two of these little guys in a dark closet , and it does n't even illuminate the shelf.If you want to light up something dark , bigger than a tackle-box , get an electric light . The LEDs do n't cut it . The price is right , its just too bad the DOT-ITs ca n't do what they promise.caveat emptor !
 Not bright
 I was looking for just such a product to stick to the underside of my kitchen sink and illuminate the corner cupboard . I thought it was a bit expensive -- costing about three times as much as similar , generic products -- and it turns out I was right . The Dot-It provides hardly any light at all . It sticks fine , and it turns on and off fine , and it 's cute , but it ca n't even adequately light up the inside of a small cupboard . I definitely will not buy another .
 I love the concept and the design but the product falls short . It works great as a flash light but does not give enough light to use for any other purpose .
 This product is a great idea but it does n't put off nearly enough light . Also does n't stick as well as it should . I 'm disappointed . Do n't waste your money .
 I thought the light would be bright but it works as if it might work for a night light but not much else
 I was excited about these little lights thinking they would provide a bit of light when I first come into my apt -LRB- its pretty dark -RRB- . The adhesive did n't work well at all . I kept finding the lights on the floor when I returned home . If the adhesive worked it would be such a nice little light !
 This product has great potentail but do not use it for anything larger than inside a small cabinet or cupboard . I bought it for a closet and I 'd need at least 4 to give me any workable light at all . It has its purpose but the way they promote it makes you think its much brighter and has many more applications than it does .
 I expected to have a small light suitable for task lighting in an undercounter area . It 's more of a bright night light . I was disappointed . AND the batteries get sucked up quickly.N --
 This provides such a small amount of light , it is a joke . I bought one to test under the kitchen cabinet for ambient kitchen lighting . Horrible . I had high hopes , but these lights dissapoint . Somehow , they offer a focused beam directly from the source , yet the light dithers within inches from the bulbs.I dont get what all the hype is about . Type of item you would find in a open market in Chinatown for $ .25 . One star rating is generous , but amazon does n't allow -0 stars .
 I bought these with the idea of using them for temporary under cabinet lighting . In theory it was a good idea , in looks they are nice looking , but useage wise , they are not bright enough to provide adequate task lighting to see what you are doing or to be able to read a cookbook . Also , the directions say that one should be able to move them , not so without some effort .
 I needed more light over the stove , and hardware store recommended this product . Purchased three , and placed them on nice clean , dry , painted surface . No more cajun style pancakes . Dinner that night was stir fry , and what a surprise when the lights fell into the frying pan . The undercounter light fell into the bowl of scrambled eggs . The light output is adequate only for smaller spaces . Stuck to galvanized metal and the Labrador -LRB- for a while
 I bought the lights to use for lighting below the kitchen cabinets which it was recommended for . It did n't meet my expectations as it is defintely not task lighting . Mood lighting is more like it . Shame it was n't brighter .
 After purchasing a three-pack of Sylvania Dot-It lights , my first reaction -LRB- which I am still contemplating -RRB- was to contact a stock broker and sink my entire portfolio into massively shorting Sylvania stocks.I opened the pack and pulled out the tab to activate the first light . It went on , was brilliantly bright , and would not turn off . I tapped it to turn it off , and it stayed on . I pounded it with my fist and it did not blink . I took my shoe off and pounded on it and it stayed on . I pressed on it with my entire weight and it stayed on . Well , at least I bought a three pack . If only two of them work , at least I can start using this product and send the defect back . So I pulled out the tab on the second unit in the three back . The light did not immediately come on so I was in luck -- or so I thought . I pressed the center of the light and the light came on . Great ! But then immediately when I relieved pressure it turned off . Nothing I did could make the light stay on , unless I held my hand on the center constantly applying pressure . On to unit number three . I pulled the tab and the light stayed on . No amount of pressure , banging , hammering , twisting or cursing could cause the unit to turn off . Like with the first unit , the only way to turn the light off was to remove the batteries . Out of three units each and every one of them was a complete and utter failure.I do not recall ever purchasing a product this defective .
 The basic light is very good -- easy to install and use . However , it has two significant problems . First , it does not have an automatic shutoff after a fixed time period , making very easy to leave it on and run down the batteries -LRB- which certainly do n't `` last for years '' -RRB- . Second , and totally unacceptable , is that the batteries -LRB- at least on the ones I have -RRB- are NOT replaceable . After unsticking the thing from wherever it is mounted -LRB- thus marring the surface and destroying the adhesive -RRB- , you have to unscrew three little screws on the back and pry/push -LRB- with some difficulty -RRB- the back off . Once inside , you discover that the batteries are moulded into the main body of the device . In short , the design sucks , and this is , essentially a one-use , throwaway item . What were they thinking ?! Other than that , Mrs. Lincoln , ...
 i have a very small closet and bought 4 of these . even in a straight line , side by side , they do not illuminate well . they are dim with a faint glow . too bad , because they are cute and convenient ... just do n't work as intended!Sylvania 35046 Red and Silver Dot It , Portable LED light , 2-Pack # LED/DOTS/RED / SILV
 These lites are nit that great . I bought them to go under my cabinets and they have poor lighting !!!!
 Wasnt too impressed with this little light . First of all , I thought it would have been more than just one in the pack . I must have overlooked that there was just one . A little costly for this . Second thing is that I was looking for something for a small glass-fronted cabinet I have in kitchen to illuminate some nice glasses inside but it has an eerie blueish glow to it like neon or flourenscent so does not compliment this idea . It isnt as bright as you think either . maybe it would be good for a small closet or a babies room when you just want to peek in at night otherwise it is pretty useless to me .
 These little lights would be really handy , but they keep falling off ! I put them under a top part of a step back cupboard in my kitchen so there would be a little light on the cupboard top , but they will not stick . I followed the mounting directions , but perhaps they need stickier sticky stuff .
 This is a great idea , but the light it gives off is n't near enough to allow me to see what 's in my closet . Nees more oomph !
 Does n't stick once taken down to replace batteries . And the batteries do n't last all that long .
 This product generates enough light to help you find it in a dark closet but little else .
 When I got this to put in the closet , I was very pleased
 I purchased this based on the picture , which I thought matched the description . However , the Milescraft 1001 tool is n't remotely the same as what you see in the pictures . It is NOT a corner tool , like what is shown in the pictures . It is , in fact , a plunge drill guide for rotary tools , which is intended for use on flat surfaces , not corners . The Milescraft tool for working in corners is actually the 1002 model . DO N'T BUY THIS IF YOU WANT A CORNER TOOL - do a search for Milescraft 1002 , instead .
 I could use another set of these however for more than $ 60.00 they can have them !! There is hardly nothing in the making of these.All other high end saw stands have these at half the price.Its dissapointing to see from a good manufacturer .
 Come now , I needed to fix my stand . Why not just sell them on your web page ?! Why the 60 + dollars ? Low tech , mostly aluminum . The price is a little less than 1/2 price of the retail price . The only reason I am buying them is I do n't want to recycle the whole damn thing just because I need two little part.Greed .
 This was well constructed and looked nice until I put a standard roll of toilet paper into it and it rubbed . I was cheerfully refunded the purchase price and shipping .
 These wheels are probably sufficient for use on a hard , smooth floor , but they are useless any slightly rough surface .
 If your space allows , then lifting on one end to engage the wheels will work . If the wheels had a locking feature , the I would get to with locking and two without and could roll it into the center of my shop from any position . Maybe I 'll create my own ...
 very unhappy with these coat hooks they are too small & look like plastic - i suppose they could be bronze - on the other hand there are 2 in each package - as if i needed 10 - i would have liked 5 normal size coat hooks
 These look nice , but they are a bit of work to install . We do n't have the tools necessary to drill out the door so that these will fit flush . They have the little lever piece in the back that needs to be drilled out of the door . We would prefer one without the part that sticks out in the back .
 These look nice , but they are a bit of work to install . We do n't have the tools necessary to drill out the door so that these will fit flush . They have the little lever piece in the back that needs to be drilled out of the door . We would prefer one without the part that sticks out in the back .
 If you are interested in 5W50 do not buy this product . They will send you Hitachi 19210 which is 10W30 . This oil has totally different parameters then 5W50 . I called them couple of weeks ago letting them know about the mix-up and they told me this is the only oil they have and still keep the same description of the product . I guess the company has an overstock of 10W30 and just wants to sell it . They do not care that it can damage your compressor.One good thing about it is that they did not mind accepting the product back . Just remember to request the return lable for the shipment . Money for the product was refunded , but the cost of initial shipment was not -LRB- and in my case it was almost $ 10 -RRB- . It was them who sent the wrong product , so they should refound my entire costs , not only for the product .
 Bought this last November , tried it today , nothing . No needle movement , barely the smell I was expecting and I ca n't return it.So , calling Schumacher tomorrow to see if I can at least get a replacement.Try yours , if you buy one as soon as you get it!This sucks and it 's my own fault .
 I would not recommend this if you have the need for a tester frequently . However , if you need something for home to be used once in a ` blue moon ' by all means this is for you . For my purposes this is cheap stuff .
 On the first battery tested , the unit smoked after 2-3 seconds . Presumably , you have it attached and can take up to 10 seconds to remove the surface charge in order to obtain a true strength reading of the battery . I will not check any other batteries with this unit . The shipping time was as expected and the packaging was excellent . The Schumacher BT-100 is a disappointment . I should have paid more to purchase a more high quality product with a digital readout .
 Over time I have come to the conclusion that few dollars extra to get a better quality tool is totally worth the money over the life of the item . Having said this , I broke my rule and purchased this item -LRB- instead of getting Dremel 's own drill press -RRB- . I did this after I read a couple of reviews where someone compared this item to Dremel 's drill press and praised this item to be better . My suggestion , dont believe any of the reviews . The item is outright poor quality . Out of the box , I noticed that the housing for the spring , which allows the drill press to retract , was coming apart and I could see that the spring would definitely pop out over time . This didnt see like a defect . This seemed like the design !!! . Also , they promise this tool will work with general rotary tools . That is again a false claim . I tried a dremel 4000 and two off brand ones and all of them had a very sluggish fit . I did not have the confidence to use this stand as I was sure the vibrations in the tool would be strong enough to destroy my work piece . Also , the plastic nut provided with the stand to hold the rotary tool had a cross thread which made fixing my tool to this stand a pain in wrong places.Yesterday , I received the Dremel stand . It was $ 6 more than this god awful stand and that stand is a charm . Please help yourself and get the dremel stand .
 This product will NOT work with Black and Decker RTX even though the box says it will and the product description says it will . There are NO clamps to fasten any grinder to the grinder mount and any grinder will be held in place by a plastic nut that replaces the collet nut on the grinder . The Black and Decker grinders do not have a long enough nose to fit through the mounting bracket hole and even if they did , the supplied plastic nuts have the wrong diameter and thread . This `` New Improved Metal Mount '' -LRB- the old one with the mounting straps must have been plastic -RRB- will work ONLY with Dremel . And , even then , I would avoid this product ... it is very flimsey and there is no adjustment if the drill bit or grinding bit was not perpendicular after mounting . I suspect this manufacturer will release mounting straps and a perpendicular adjustment if they want to sell any ! I am returning this AND the nice B & D RTX AND the flexible shaft since the Black and Decker ca n't be mounted . If you already have Dremel stick with the Dremel tool stand .
 I ordered this as a drill press to use with my dremel for making PC boards.It is inadequate for that purpose . There is at least 3 mm of play in the press . What 's worse , when you operate the press it swings the bit side to side one MM , which makes it extremely difficult to locate holes in the center of a solder pad . This also causes bits to break and wear prematurely.Additionally , the hardware that came with the stand did not fit . For instance , the bolt and nut arrangement used to secure the base to the stand would have been great if the bolt actually fit in the hole . I had to drill out the hole to fit the bolt , or drill and tap it -LRB- I had a tap the correct size , so I did away with the nut -RRB- . If you 're looking for a reasonably precise drill press , stay away from this piece of junk .
 I ordered this item , I thought was new.But when I recieved it , it was obvious it is not new and also not complete . The plate that that is supposed to cover the coil that returns the press to it 's original postion , is not there and without it It is not safe and is an eyesore.Also it was packed losely , with no `` popcron '' or paper to hold the pieces in place . Just thrown in a box , so everything is dinged and scratched ??? I am seriously thinking about not ever ordering from Amazon again . This is the 2nd . Item that I recieved from them , that is not what they presented it as ... and I am not a hard person to please , but if something is used and incomplete I want the option to decide rather I want it in that condition !
 I bought the stand for testing it out to integrate it in my kit . The looseness is all over the place.It is practically impossible to drill an accurate hole with that thing . The base supported in three points so it rocks . Overall it is even worse then Dremel stand.Very disappointed .
 The tightening screw on the press I ordered has no threads to thread into the carrier rendering the press completely and utterly useless . The carrier just rests at the base and has no support . Be wary and buy at the store so you can check it out first .
 This Rotary Tool Stand works fine with one of my three Dremel Tools . My oldest one . The new Xrp wont fit and do not see an easy way to make it work . Also my Battery Dremel also wont fit . I think the company needs to make adapters so that all Dremel tools fit . So the bottom line is make very sure you check and see if the tool fir a very limited dremels .
 Poorly designed and constructed . The body is made of plastic , the stand and holder for the Dremel are made of pot metal . The components do n't fit together very well and as a result it is virtually impossible to get a straight up and down hole with any precision . Do n't buy !!! You 'll regret it !! Spend the extra money for the Dremel drill press
 I bought this pump , hooked it up , and it worked for less than 24 hours . I assumed that it must have gotten clogged , so I examined it and could n't find any debris . I could get it to pump for a brief period of time by unplugging it , shaking it around a bit , and then reconnecting but who wants to do that 10 times a day ? I contacted them and found that they 'd replace it but only if I shell out more money to ship their defective device back to them . No thank you.Another problem with the device is that the power cord is only 6 ' long . That 's probably fine if you 're going to use it in an aquarium , but for an outdoor water feature it 's unacceptable . I do n't like using extension cords outdoors on a long-term basis.A couple years ago I bought a UV light that was dead out of the box and recently discovered that it was also a Cal Pump product . I 've owned two Cal Pump products and neither have worked . Quality control seems to be a serious problem with this company so I will avoid them in the future .
 I purchased this for my husband 's birthday . It looked like a well made item , but the reason I bought it was for his Dremel Rotary Tool ... which does n't fit on this.My husband returned it . I 'm not sure what he 's replacing it with .
 The blade in this bevel will not securely lock , so it is a dud . Too bad ; having a level built into the handle is a nice touch . But if the blade does n't lock , you risk having it slip and giving an incorrect angle .
 Bought this thinking `` Universal '' meant usable with most router bases , but it is not universal , so unless you have the Milescraft base to use this with , do n't bother .
 The angle adjustment that the handheld shower head sits in adjusts only slightly , which would work fine in a larger shower . In my case , however , the water shoots straight across the shower , hitting the door . I was stupid to overlook this and not buy a model that has a rotary adjustment and tightens down on the slider bar -- so it 's really not Delta 's fault.Also -- and this is Delta 's fault -- the description says it 's a metal hose . Perhaps it is , but it 's under a thick clear plastic coating , so it feels like a plastic hose , and it 's stiff like one .
 The angle adjustment that the handheld shower head sits in adjusts only slightly , which would work fine in a larger shower . In my case , however , the water shoots straight across the shower , hitting the door . I was stupid to overlook this and not buy a model that has a rotary adjustment and tightens down on the slider bar -- so it 's really not Delta 's fault.Also -- and this is Delta 's fault -- the description says it 's a metal hose . Perhaps it is , but it 's under a thick clear plastic coating , so it feels like a plastic hose , and it 's stiff like one .
 When I read all of the great reviews about this light I decided to order it as it would look fantastic in our kitchen . After waiting for this product to arrive for over two weeks , I was happy when it finally did as we have been living without a light in the kitchen . When the postman handed me the box the sound inside was not encouraging - it was that of broken glass into many many pieces . Needless to say I refused the order and am currently waiting for Amazon to reimburse me - I wo n't be ordering from this company again .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 I have had the same problems with the Hunter 27182 control-ie . broken knobs on the slider after very little use . I even went and bought another unit and replaced the one with the broken slider knobs . I have three units and they have all had the same problems . Now the plastic neck that the knob attaches to has partially broken off the newest unit . I read a review on this site which listed the number to call for customer service and they are sending me new knobs and one new unit . I explained to the representative that the knobs and the slider assembly should be made stronger which could easily be done . She said that she had never heard of any other complaints which I find hard to believe and I referred her to this site so the company may get the message . The knob that broke yesterday was lying on the floor of the bedroom and it worried me that a small grandchild could get it caught in his/her throat . Hopefully , the company will fix the problem .
 The website made me give it at least one star , but no stars is my real rating . The knobs fell off after two months and the slides got so sticky it was hard to operate after six months -LRB- yes we actually used is knobless for a while -RRB- . We replaced it with a new one and again the knobs fell off after two months . We 're still using it , but just like the other one it 's getting sticky . BTW , we 're using a spray lubricant rated for electrical applications , but it 's still getting progressively stickier . Hunter is willing to send new knobs , and even a new control , but they do n't seem interested in improving the product . After two lemons in a row , I 'd rather get a different brand .
 Small switches are n't a nuisance , although they do break off in time . Hunter is quick to replace little plastic pieces for free . After researching Lowes , Home Depot and online , this is still the best design for my family 's needs .
 I also installed this dimmer/fan control switch . It was a nice thing to have and worked like it should until after about a year , the dimmer switch broke off in my hand .
 I purchased 6 of these switches at about $ 25 a piece because I liked the way they looked and I have been happy with Hunter products over the years.I must say that I regret getting these switches . The switches do function . Where the problem comes in is the little `` handle '' pieces on the slides . These plastic pieces crack in a matter of months and break apart within 6 months to a year . Once these `` handles '' break off , the switch is still functional , but it looks terrible and the piece that is left is uncomfortable to move . I know other people who used this product where not only the handle broke , but also the slider , leaving the switch almost unusable.I do not understand the reason for the lack of quality . There are definitely higher quality plastics that could have been used to not a metal . Pass the $ 1 onto the customer and the customer gets a product that will last a decade or so.I would not pay $ 5 for these switches , much less $ 25 . As soon as I have a few extra dollars , I 'm spending the $ 150 to change all of these out . The only situation I would recommend this product for is if you plan on selling the house in a short period of time . Like I said , they do look nice until the handles start cracking and breaking .
 We installed 3 of these in the bedrooms in our home . BIG mistake ! The tiny plastic knobs began breaking almost immediately , and we do n't use them that much . After 2 years all 3 plastic fan controls are broken , and 1 light control . This is a nice idea but too poorly designed to work in the real world . Sorry Hunter , you did a lousy job on this one !
 Do not buy this product.They break too easily and when you want to replace them it is labeled poorly .
 Buyer beware . Purchased four of these for my new home build . Within one year they had all experienced the same problem , broken sliders . The cheap plastic just can not stand usage .
 As others have said , this switch is a real piece of junk . Not too long after I installed it , the little knob on the fan speed slider broke . Now practically every time we try to use it , it falls off onto the floor and we have to go chase after it and then hope we can get it back on then hope it will stay on.Even worse that that , though is the super cheap clunky switch on the inside . I do n't even think it 's possible to slide the switch and land on the right notch the first time . Invariably you will overshoot or undershoot the notch and have to jiggle it into place -LRB- that is if the knob you 're trying to hold onto does n't fall off onto the floor . -RRB- Avoid this piece of junk . Buy something else .
 I have had to replace 4 of these controllers over and over because the knobs and sliders break with normal use . In ten years , I have replaced them each three times.I spoke with Hunter Customer Service rep who told me that the replacement knobs are $ 1.08 apiece plus $ 8.99 shipping . That seems excessive for a couple of pieces of plastic that weigh almost nothing . This was after I had explained that I have replaced each of the controller repeatedly because the knobs and sliders break after a couple of years of use . The knobs are not available through normal retail outlets so you only choice is to replace the whole controller . They do not stand behind this product and know all about the issues.Do not buy these ...
 I just replaced the second switch in 3 years . This time I replaced it with a Lutron switch , which seems to be constructed better and has gotten better reviews .
 I bought 2 of these dimmer switches and on both of them , the knobs broke off within 3 months . Not having a receipt , I called Hunter where it cost $ 20 to have these replaced . They are mailing the replacement knobs to me , but I am afraid the same thing will happen again . Dimmer works fine , but knobs are extremely shabby . Eventually I will wind up replacing both of these switches due to this problem .
 I bought three of these switches and the sliding knobs have broken off on all three switches - some within a couple of weeks of installation . They are way too fragile for a swtich that is used frequently - especially with kids . Spend the extra money for a higher quality switch . I would not recommend these switches to my worst enemy ... they 're horrible !!
 Expected the slide buttons to actually stay on the switch . VERY POOR quality from Hunter - love their fans but these switches are cheap , replaced them all with slide switches from Home Depot .
 We had four knobs installed in our new home . The electrician broken one during the installation . We broken the remaining knobs within a short time period . The sad part is that after the first one broken , we realized how fragile the knobs were and were extra careful , but they still snapped off . So now we are left with jagged pointy plastic stems to control the light and fan . The vendor should be ashamed to continue to sell this inferior product . If they did any kind of quality assurance testing , it would have been caught .
 We made the mistake of purchasing these sliding switches for almost every room of our house . The plastic sliding knobs have broken or cracked on nearly every switch . When paying high dollar prices , I expect quality . Hunter has really disappointed me with this item . I have looked and asked for replacement knobs in every store and online and have had no luck . Seems like Hunter may have put themselves in a position to at least sell replacement knobs , but they have failed me again . I would n't buy these again , and I would never recommend them . Look for a sturdier quality switch .
 I had three of these switches installed in my brand new home . Prior to the electrical inspection , one of the slide tabs broke . Since being in the home , I have had to replace two more of these switches as the sliding tabs are too fragile and spaced so closely together it makes it difficult to only select one function . This product is not worth its price unless you intend to be replacing it frequently . Three out of five switches defective within three months time is simply unacceptable !
 It generally does what it 's supposed to do . However , the controls feel cheaply made . I purchased three of these . In the first year , all three have broken . Specifically , the white plastic piece that turns the light on and off has broken on all three .
 This is the most poorly-engineered product I have ever owned!I have five of these installed in my home and the control ` knobs ' on the end of the shafts crack on a ongoing basis . Also , the shafts themselves , eventually break.Hunter knows there is a problem with the design and will furnish replacement ` knobs ' , but will not replace the unit when the shaft breaks.Do yourself a favor and purchase a controller from another manufacturer .
 I have these in each of my bedrooms and EVERY SINGLE knob is broken off ... and I can not find replacements ! SO CHEAP !!!! DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I 've had two of these and on both , the buttons broke right off within weeks . Terrible design and not worth $ 1 .
 I 'm echoing 97 % of all the other reviews here . This switch is utter garbage . If it only cost a buck-fifty I could maybe understand the quality not being the best ; however , the price for this is tantamount to consumer rape ! I replaced the old remote control push button which had finally died after 12 years of use with this switch , and in less than 5 weeks the fan slider broke inside not allowing the fan to be switched off . And yes , I was being gentle with it ; I was n't tearing into it like Mike Tyson ripping into Evander Holyfields ear ! Be warned ! This switch is NOT going to last past a year . You will be lucky to get 6 months before it starts to break . Shame on Hunter for marketing such rubbish !
 I had this type of switch in a house for 10 years , and the original knobs lasted about that time . Decided to replace with the same brand/type , for which the knobs lasted 2 months . Apparently new maker/vendor , bad/wrong type of plastic is being used by the maker for the sliding knobs . Returned mine to Lowe 's for a refund .
 We had a one of these installed in our master bath . The tab broke off the light dimmer after 2 years of relatively light use.Steve
 The knobs fall off of the sliders and the sliders are plastic and break . Not rugged enough for a room where kids will be working the knobs .
 This raw aluminum mailbox is made from incredibly thin material with poor detailing . Unlike the picture shown , it actually had an eagle embossed on the door which adds only insult . Not worth purchasing at any price .
 I 've had a RHEEM RTG-74PVN for 3 years and it worked great - endless hot water . Got in the shower one morning and the water did not heat up . Went to check the unit and an error code was flashing . Called RHEEM and told them what was happening . They said it was a bad PCB board and shipped me a new one for free . They paid for installation , but they only have two installers in metropolitan Seattle that could do the work , so it took a couple days . The heater worked for literally half a day and then quit again . I called RHEEM back and explained what happened . Based on the error code I gave them , they said the AIR in my house was the cause and they could do NOTHING ! No new PCB board , no service ! So the day after I get a brand new part installed , they bailed out and I 'm SCREWED !! After calling around and talking to knowledgeable heating plumbers , I found out this is pretty common . These heaters work great for a while , and then the electronics malfunction and RHEEM has no good maintenance/repair system set up nationally to service the units . When it goes bad , you 're on your own ! Now I have to figure out what to replace it with !
 this system stinks ! i was excited to have this unit installed as my old water heater was so expensive to run . after the installation was complete we tried to use the unit and found it only would heat the shower -LRB- right next to the unit -RRB- for two minutes at best . then you have to shut the faucet off for another two minutes and maybe you 'll get hot water again . there is literally no customer service with rude people reading from a set of comments that they just recite . after two months of this i am at wits end and still ca n't take a normal shower . DO NOT BUY ANY OF THESE RHEEM UNITS IF YOUR GOAL IS TO HEAT WATER !
 These were ordered as replacement for the plastic ones that were falling apart in my backyard.Pros : . Relatively good price . They look niceCons : . Poor quality control . 2 out of 6 were completely dead upon initial assembly and a third one went dead after the first week ; I had to purchase new rechargeable batteries to get them to work again . . I broke the stem from one of them when I was staking it to the ground . The outside is made of steel but the connections are still made of cheap plastic . . The lights stay on only for 2 hours after dark . The problem appears to be the solar panels not charging enough since this also happens with the ones with new batteries .
 I inherited a house full of E-Z Set locks . I have replaced them all but one set on my basement door . Thought I would paint the door and just reuse the deadbolt and knob . After an hour of trying to re-install the deadbolt , I threw it in the trash . The design of these things make no sense at all . The hey side does not fit into the latch so you can align the screws . You have to blindly navigated the screws through two parts and into a third . Nearly impossible . The parts are sloppy and cheap . I replaced the other two outside sets with Master Lock - could have done it blindfolded . Now to retouch the scratches on the door and put a good lockset in .
 For several years I 've been conserving the original windows in my 1890 era house.The paint on the interior woodwork , windows included , had been stripped by aprevious owner . I 've been staining the windows and sills and using a marine spar varnish or urethane to provide a robust protective coating . I 've just finished treating a third floor palladian window in this fashion . I did n't have quite enoughVarathane from my first purchase to finish so I bought another from the same seller.A satin finish it ai n't . Its GLOSSY !! So three segments of window frame are satin finished and one is glossy . Good news , its not in a high visibility location but this ca n't be the only mislabeled pint out there . Any other Varathane users out there who 've been similarly surprised ?
 I returned this because the black cords that supply the power to each light bulb are visible outside the metal arms that support the lights .
 I bought this to re -LSB- lace my Delta 1/2 '' -LRB- which I gave to my son -RRB- . This is a great machine , I only use the 3/4 '' on 10,000 rpm 'cause the 7,000 speed causes a lil chatter . Also bought the 1/2 '' router collet to use my router bits , but due to about a 20 min change over I rarely use it . 1 very nice feature is the extra spindle travel , you can actually put 2 different bits on this machine and go back and forth between them . I would highly recomend this to anyone .
 This product is expensive and not packaged well . I received them in pieces.The nails need to be shrink wrapped prior to packaging .
 Did not buy this product through amazon.com , instead bought it from a local retailer . Husband did everything by the instructions and the self-stick glue on the back did not adhere to the walls ! Walls were perfectly clean as they were brand new walls and freshly painted only a few weeks ago . Can not believe what a horribly product this is . Now have to go out and buy glue to put on the back since the product does not live up to what it states on the box .
 This lamp is not worth the money . I recently received mine , and while the design is alright , the quality and safety of it are questionable . The bottom of the lamp is poorly made , so that the plastic is uneven and it rocks . It is also smooth , so it moves very easily . The shade is made of metal , and it is extremely hot when in use . It also gives off a strange smell when it 's on , enough of one that I 'm probably going to return this lamp and buy a different one . All this happened while using a standard sixty watt bulb . Do not buy this product .
 I brought this battery to replace the original battery which came with the Black & Decker saw kit . The original lasted about 1 year . This battery did n't last a month of regular home use . Very disappointing .
 I have four of these batteries , have charged each no more than 10 times . Two hold a charge for mere minutes . The best holds a serviceable charge for about 15 . B&D should be ashamed and should come up with a decent battery or abandon the cordless market .
 I have found like many others that the Black and Decker batteries do not hold a charge well , they lose power rapidly just sitting on the shelf and take too long to charge . I also have found that longitivty is a problem . I have Black and Decker products in the past and their durability has been sadly lacking . I have found the Skil brand to be much better . What I would like to see is an indicator light that would let you know when the battery is fully charge and the ability of the battery to take a quick charge . I hope Black and Decker addresses these concerns .
 Here is my experience . I purchased a Black and Decker blower which is powered by these batteries . Followed the instructions on charging and had good results for the first 10 - 12 months of use.Now , I 'm held at ransom every week by these batteries . I live in FL and depend on them heavily to get rid of the clippings on the sidewalk and the road.If they are not charged right up to the minute before needing them , they are unable to to do the job .
 Thsi will not hold a charge . It is even weak right after a charging . This is battery # 7 in my experience with Balck & Decker cordless tools . etc. . This ois the worst of all ! I can believe that they can not make a better battery or make a lithium battery that will fit . This is almost like the old polaroid cameras - the camera was cheap , the film was the problem .
 These batteries came with my rechargable firestorm multi-tool package ... jigsaw , circular saw , drill , and sawzall . Could n't believe the price for the total package , and once again I 've learned that you get what you pay for . Purchased this set for use on quick projects , as a backup to regular corded tools , so only use occasionally . Batteries are always dead , initially the charge would take a few hours , and now they do n't charge at all . Manual says not to keep them in the charger . Unless you plan to purchase new batteries annually , these batteries are completely worthless . It 's also insulting to know that a pair of replacement batteries will cost more than my entire package that included batteries , charger , case , 4 power tools , and a bunch of add on crap such as laser level and stud finder , etc. .
 I bought one battery pack when I bought my new B&D drill in February 2007 . I am a very light user and when the battery would not charge up in April '08 I bought a new battery , did the inital 9 hr . charge as the directions stated and the battery lasted about 20 seconds . Neither battery will charge up enough to use . Sorely disappointed . I am switching to Makita or DeWalt .
 There seems to be different versions of this battery within the same part number , and I 've yet to figure out how to tell them apart . Some of them hold a charge well -LRB- the older ones -RRB- , others do not . If I did n't own 6 tools that use them , I 'd never buy one again . I have 2 batteries that hold a good charge , even after being shelved for a couple days , others that must be charged before each use and run only for a few minutes . The different chargers also have widely varying degrees of effectiveness . If you do not already own tools from this system , I say to avoid it . I 've done some research on this system , and B&D seems totally unwilling to divulge any information about how this system works .
 Very disappointed in this battery . Does not hold much charge . Could not finish a perimeter of an area which is 40 by 60 ft. Past original equipment batteries lasted much longer . Would not recommend.I would be better off using a corded trimmer at this rate - cheaper than buying battery trimmer with ineffective batteries .
 These batteries only last one season with full charges , after that you will only get 20 minutes on a charge . I have four batteries each with a different longevity . Also , they do not hold a charge when on a shelf , you have to plan ahead and charge the one you will use that day . A second one will not be fully charged by the time thr first one dies . They work good when brand new but will grow weaker during the season .
 I 'm in the process of building a deck and had tons of screws to drive to hold down the deck boards . Well , things started off great but then went downhill fast . These batteries just are n't made for constant use . After a while I found myself sitting there waiting for the batteries to recharge . I was switching off between 2 of the 18v batteries and another B&D drill with 2 12v batteries . Ended up borrowing 2 more 18v batteries from a neighbor to get me going again while mine recharged . As an FYI , one of my 18v batrteries is the silver series which are supposed to be more powerful . Save your money , they 're not not any better than the regular ones .
 A real disappointment . I 'm used to having to replace these 18V batteries every year or two or three but this one behaves like one that 's two plus years old . I have a cordless weed whacker , cordless hedge trimmer , cordless saw -LRB- like a mini chain saw on a stick -RRB- and a cordless `` broom '' -LRB- a small leaf blower -RRB- , all from B&D ; , all of which use these batteries . The blower has always been the power hog ; it sucks the life out of a battery faster than any of the other tools . That 's OK , but this latest battery behaves just like the battery I replaced with it . The blower is useless for more than a 2 - 3 minute job -LRB- and after 3 minutes you could just pucker your lips and blow at the pavement and achieve similar results -RRB- . The weed whacker gives out halfway through my very short weekly border trim , so I have to go back to the garage and grab a spare that 's way older than this new replacement to finish the job.Maybe I got used or returned goods , I dunno , but this is just pure cr * p . These tools are supposed to make my life easier , not harder , and if the proprietary batteries are useless the tools are too . Very unhappy camper here . I 'm afraid to buy another B&D ; battery , reluctant to buy tool replacements from another vendor . Anybody have any ideas on where to go from here ?? UPDATE JANUARY 2012 : Another Amazon customer suggested I take one of these crappy B&D ; batteries to a Batteries Plus store and ask them to refurb/rehab it . It cost me about $ 65 for one battery but WOW ! The Batteries Plus version has turned my marginal B&D ; leaf blower , suitable only for the wimpiest and shortest-duration jobs for the many years I 've had it , into a hiney-kicking blower that almost begins to rival a plug-in . There was never anything wrong with the blower - there was ALWAYS something wrong with the battery ! Never buy one of these ... take your old one to Batteries Plus , shell out the bucks and be amazed .
 This battery went dead after 2 uses . It would not recharge even after using 2 different chargers . I had to junk it .
 Did not need to buy this extra one but it did not state that it came with one when I bought the saw . You should put that the battery and charger comes with it . so it cost me more money because of this and now I had to pay to have it shipped it back .
 Bought 2 of these . Have followed all charge instructions to the letter . Even researched proper procedures on black and decker website . Even thought my charger might not be good so replaced it too . But these batteries were completely worthless . They last only a couple minutes . I suspect that I was sold used batteries by amazon . $ 75 down the drain . Far too much trouble to try to receive a refund . It 's not wise to buy large batteries like this from an on-line retailer . Better to buy from a store where they can be easily returned .
 I give a rating of ZERO since I never received the product . Twice I had to return my shipment because the stock-pullers sent the wrong batteries ! I finally had to get a full refund and go elsewhere.Doesn ' t seem that the Firestorm FSB18 is available any longer .
 I just assumed this was the right battery since I had bought similar before and Amazon sent me a link to it . I opened the package before discovering it was the wrong size . It 's still sitting in the `` peanuts '' in the workshop . What I really needed was the Firestorm 14.4 v.
 Need to see about returning the item . How do I go about this ? The battery will not hold a charge . Please advise the process for return asap . Jeri Hill
 I have found that much cheaper 18v batteries in cheaper tools last as long or longer than B&D batteries . Seems like B&D has designed their cordless tools to obtain their profits from the sale of battery replacement . I am switching to tools powered by lithium ion batteries .
 Disappointed with the short charge life of this battery . It seems that price goes up and quality goes down . Not really worth the money in my opinion .
 I picked up the Firestorm combo set about 6 years ago . We completely redid our kitchen and 2 bathrooms . . also built a new dock . They have performed quite well . That being said the batteries finally gave out and I picked up some new ones . I 'm not sure why but they are terrible . 20 minutes of work and they are ready to die . Maybe it 's something I did . . but I never babied the old batteries . It 's a shame because the tools themselves served me well . I 'm going to have to go with another brand .
 No more econo tools for me ... The batteries are terrible , just like the other posters have already said . $ 80 worth of replacement parts after 4-5 uses ? No thanks .
 I purchased a B&D ; GrassHog trimmer a couple years ago and it came with two of these . I never got more than about 10 min run time out of each battery , and batteries would never hold charge on shelf so I was constantly playing a planning game of `` charge right before trimming '' . Just bought two replacements hoping the technology had improved but it has n't - this pair is just as bad or worse than the ogriginals.I 'm returning these batteries , eating my cost on the trimmer , and moving to a gas powered trimmer . I hate using more fuel but I just ca n't deal with this any more !! : - -LRB-
 So many version of the same product number FSB18 Power Pack ! I have owned & ordered many of these over the years from Amazon . I 've had the best luck -LRB- recently -RRB- with the ones that have 2009 42-BM 415 etched on them . They have lasted the longest -LRB- 1 year + -RRB- . The 2009 37-BM 415 lasted only a few months . I always return/exchange with Amazon until I get a $ 35 battery that works correctly -LRB- 90 days at least ! -RRB- . The warranty is 2 years though ! I paid way too much for my edger , blower , and trimmer . You should all send yours back within the return policy to exchange . Amazon returns back to Black and Decker and gets credit . Black and Decker will make a better battery once they get all of these back ! So do n't feel bad ... send it back!My old 2006 battery lasted 3 years until I recycled/disposed of . They made them better back then !! They most have found a cheap manufacture that is screwing them -LRB- well us -RRB- .
 There is no problem with shipping . However , the battery itself simply can not be charged . and it is too much trouble to return as it came in with the plastic wrap . Too bad !
 It did n't work . It was a Christmas gift for someone who is very hard to shop for . The flashlight was defective . Since Amazon could only offer refunds , I called the customer service line , got passed around to a couple of different extensions , ended up leaving a message , and they never called back . I guess it would be really difficult , replacing a flashlight .
 Save your money . if maxxima were to be sold at $ 5 I would not be ripping it . If you know anything about flashlights , as soon as you cut it out of the package you sense it 's poorly constructed . The battery connectors were misaligned so I had to work on my new flashlight right out of the package . It 's not that bright either . Basically junk !
 I 'm decorating my bedroom with frogs and outside things so I thought this would be perfect for my wall but it was very pixilated . I think I spelled that right . It was very fuzzy . I bought 5 of them and they were all the same . I sent them back . If you 're going to see them from a far distance I guess it would be ok but my room is n't that big .
 We have been adding on to the room a little bit at a time . While the others were top quality , this one pales in comparison . It has more of a plastic look to it and bubbled up off the wall the very first day it was put on . Will not stay put . Poor quality .
 I am a passionate woodworker that spends about 30 hours per week in my woodshop . My usual table saw blade is the Forrest Woodworker II . Recently , one of my cheaper general purpose blades reached the end of its life so I decided to give the Freud P410 blade a shot based on the good reviews . After one day of use ... actually , after only a few minutes of use ... I was ready to take this blade off and throw it in the trash . It left burn marks on both sides of the cut ... the blade pushes back on any wood I try to cut ... pushes so hard I had to muscle it through . After the first cut , I started standing out of the way because it wants to kick back the wood . I checked the alignments of my table saw and all was perfectly aligned . Blade was at a perfect 90 degrees -LRB- as tested with my engineers square . -RRB- The blade was also perfectly parallel with the fence . I put my Woodworker II back on the saw and it cut perfectly with no effort and no burning . I then tried a cheap general purpose blade with the same results -LRB- albeit not as smooth a cut as the Forrest . . but with no burning and push back . -RRB- I put the Freud back on and it was terrible . Later that day , my brother-in-law used my table saw -LRB- I failed to mention the new Freud blade -RRB- . After he ripped a few boards he said to me -LRB- You need a new blade . That one must be broken or really needs to be sharpened . -RRB- He was amazed when it was brand new . So , either this blade is worthy of the trash or I have a defective blade.Update
 Purchased this blade with the hope that it would provide service close to the quality I get from my Forrest WW II . I was disappointed ! Unfortunately I experienced much of the same of what other negative reviews reported . My 1st 4 test cuts on 3/4 '' red oak significantly burned every cut and chattered to the point I was getting concerned as I pushed the stock through . -LRB- 2.5 hp table saw -RRB- . Mounted my WW II which is 5 months old and I use almost every day , cut perfectly on same stock . Saw specs dialed into to .001 + - . I now have had 4 Frued blades . Industrial Rip Glue edge which is awesome , Diablo for miter , also very good , 12 '' 80 tooth fine finishing -LRB- miter -RRB- which was the worst blade ever -LRB- returned to local store -RRB- , and this one , also returned . Also have a WW I which is perfect and a few other 34 tooth throw away blades for rough stuff . The amount of time , material , and $ $ testing and returning Freud blades cost more than the difference in price for the Forrest blades . Sorry Freud , but a 50 % defective rate wo n't work .
 Since day one , this saw has burned wood while ripping . Thinking my table saw was out of line , I kept trying to tweak alignment of blade to table and to fence , tho it never needed little if any correction . Yesterday it burned samples badly and I again checked all alignments , everything dead on ! I checked side clearance , tooth to plate , about .004 '' each side . I then used an old blade and got no burning . Today I called Freud . Answer was , `` That 's the way it is designed , coating is to eliminate burning -LRB- ? -RRB- . We ca n't help , but if it is not satisfactory , check with Amazon , replace it with a blade with more side clearance . `` I sure ca n't say the P410 is satisfactory for me !
 I used the blade in my 5hp lift tilt saw and it did n't slow down or have any issues with any kind of wood I 'd use from mahogany plywood to 8/4 ash but that could be the saw and not the blade . It sells itself as a do-it-all blade which it can do but not as well as a blade designed for that task . My 40 tooth ripping blade rips better than this one . My 60 tooth Hi-ATB cross cuts better than this one . Other reviews have said that the teeth break off and if I did n't see it happen with my own eyes I would n't believe it . A tooth broke off right at the braze point . I think there are quite a few quality issues with this blade.If you can only have 1 blade , this one will do it for you but I 'd rather spend a little more and get 2 blades that do their job better than this one and keep their teeth .
 Ditto other reviews , this blade burns hard maple on both sides of cut . Switched to an Infinity combo max and am now getting flawless cuts . Reserve this blade for softwoods or particle board .
 I am so sorry I bought this blade before I bought a Forest . It leaves black smears on oak and maple stock . And they are glass hard . One smear was so bad , I ruined my piece sanding the black out.Forest makes the best . There now I said it too .
 I bought this blade thinking that it would last for some time based on the price and Freuds ' reputation . Well , after about one month of intermittent use the blade had started to leave black smears all over my pieces . Then , this morning , in the middle of ripping a small piece of walnut one of the teeth broke off and flew INTO my hand . I would n't recommend this blade to anyone . Ever .
 I borrowed one of these from a friend to try it out and compare to my WW2 . I noticed a couple of tiny chips on some of the teeth , but tried it and it still cut lots easier and cleaner than the WW2 . Decided to get one of my own , but it came with broken teeth out of the box . A couple had broke where they were glued on . Another couple of teeth broke in half , as in , the carbide was broke in half . I never tried the new one in my saw . I do n't like the idea of teeth breaking off during use , so I 'm just returning it . Probably wo n't get another since I see now that others have commented on similar issues .
 Carbide broken on one tooth right out of the box - pieces in the shrink wrap plastic so I never even removed the blade from the plastic . OEM packaging and shipping container in perfect shape so I suspect it was shipped to me this way . Called Freud first since it appeared to be defective and not damaged in shipping . Freud told me to send it back to Amazon . Amazon is having UPS pick it up and will refund but not exchange since apparently it did not come directly from them . So I must now wait for the return shipping , wait 2 days for refund , re-order , and wait for it to arrive - again . I will update this rating once I receive a working blade ... Chris
 As an experienced wood worker I was expecting great things from this new technology blade from Freud . I used the blade on my 3hp Delta Unisaw -LRB- USA made -RRB- with a Beis rip fence . Upon receiving the blade , I removed my FWWII and replaced it with the Fusion . Ripping several feet of white oak produced moderate to severe edge burning which would indicate an alignment issue.I used a TS Aligner -LRB- basically a dial indicator -RRB- to realign both the blade and the rip fence . I always toe out the rip fence perhaps 1/64 '' at the end to prevent binding . Upon starting the alignment process , my dial indicator had the Fusion blade all over the place indicating the blade was not flat . I retuned it to Amazon - why really bother ?? I threw my FWWII back on with no problems . I rated the blade a ' 1 ' because it did produce incredibly smooth end cuts . I must have received a bad blade . It will be interesting to read additional reviews .
 I just recieved my tooll pouch today , and as excited as I was to to open the box , I was very disappointed to see that instead of being brown as the picture shows , the pouch was black - not dark brown , not even very dark brown , absolute black.As far as I 'm concerned , there are plenty of other tool pouches on Amazon . Yes , the functionality and craftsmanship of the pouch is good , but lets face it - color is also a major deciding factor in this sort of purchase , and I could n't have been more disappointed . I use a tool pouch every day , and yes , to me the color is important . I wear dark brown boots and a dark brown belt , and I wanted it to match.I need a tool pouch for work and wont have time to wait to return it and replace it with one that looks better with my uniform , because I have to use it tomorrow -LRB- and every day after that . -RRB- At least it was only $ 27 , I guess you get what you pay for ...
 This is the first time I have ever written a review on amazon , but I felt this time I had to . I do like the red lamp shade and the design of the lamp , but this is cheap quality and not worth the money I paid for it . This lamp should not be priced over $ 50 and honestly the only reason I will not be sending it back because I cut up the box to open it and it 's more of a hassle to send it back . I wanted it for my living room , but I have ended up putting it in my spare bedroom .
 I loved the lamps but the color of the lamp shade was cherry red , not like the color I thought it was in the picture , I thought it was more of a saddle color . sorry
 The bottom half of the lamp pole did n't screw into the top half . There were no grooves to making screwing possible . The varnish was poorly done . The lampshade is one you can get at any home improvement store for $ 19.99 . Just an over-priced piece of crap . That these retailers get away with selling this junk just infuriates me . And then I get stuck with return shipping .
 This rating should actually be negative 5 stars ... I purchased this table lamp in 2009 , and absolutely love it-the shade is made with a quality , dark reddish , almost maroon fabric , and the lamp base is metal-solid . That table lamp looked exactly like what was pictured.The lamp I received today is horrible-the shade is shiny , thin , bright orangey-red ; can barely see the gold threads ; the finial is permanently attached to the harp , and made of shiny brown plastic -- its not swirls like whats in the picture , but just a hook shape . I didnt even get to the rest of the lamp , packed everything in the box to go back asap.This item was definitely NOT what was pictured . Amazon has never failed me before , but I am having second thoughts about how I shop this Christmas .
 Just buy a cheap light colored bandana and soak it in cold water . I have n't seen were this thing does more than cover my head . I soak it in cold water and periodicly rinse and re soak get through doing the lawn .
 The pictured and described item adapts NEMA 5 20R male to a NEMA R32U male . While the shipped item adapts NEMA R32U male to NEMA 5 20R male.So far I 'm out return shipping cost.The actual item seems of sufficient construction , but if you need what 's pictured here , you probably wo n't get it.Interestingly the stuff you ordered list that amazon maintains links this image
 I tried to use this wrench on a nut 1 3/8 '' and it was too big . This might work ok on larger sizes .
 I bought these gloves for my job seeing that they are for Fire and rescue , well These gloves are not NFPA appoved , not BBP resistant , and are not for fire fighting . I purchased an expensive gardening glove !! Save your money people ! This product needs a better description . Had I not read the tag when I opened the box this could have a dangerous outcome ! Thank you seller !
 I guess you get what you pay for . Used these only a few times on actual vehicle extrication and all the threads are coming out ... bad quality . Stay away .
 Bought two tubes of Elmer 's wood filler . Absolutely worthless , almost impossible to squeeze any wood filler any out of the tube . Check out the reviews for other Elmer 's wood fillers packaged in tubes . Do the executives at Elmer 's ever check out their products and use them ? Obviously not , a complete lack of quality control in product development and oversight . Never got a chance to test the wood filler as it remains in the tubes . Should be packaged in a tin or plastic container with a lid , at least then one can use a spatula or putty knife as an applicator .
 I bought this thinking it was outdoor friendly . It did not have a reference to either outdoor or internal only on the sellers advert , and so bought in error .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I received this tree two days ago and noticed the pot was smashed inside the box . The soil was all over the bottom of the box as well . If just a little more time was taken to protect the bot then this would not have happened . I took the tree out of the old pot and also noticed that the wire used to hold the tree in place was digging into the tree really bad . This worries me as it was in the trunk about 1/4 '' . I will be pushing for my money back AND I am not returning this junk .
 when the item was received the pot was cracked in two places , rather then return it and hope the next one was OK , I patched it and plan to re-pot it !! I was not happy over the shipment being broken , but the plant is beautiful !!
 The tree and pot which arrived were not the ones pictured . Also , the trunk has several indentions and rust spots from where improper wire was left on the trunk too long . I expected better .
 The tree in the picture is full , colorful , and well healthy . The tree you receive will likely be none of these things . It will be alive , and may someday be like the one in your picture . However , the one in the picture is a $ 40 dollar tree , the one you receive is a $ 15 garage sale tree .
 Bought this as a requested gift . Kind of sick looking when I got it , but the receipant was thrilled with it .
 Pay for real vice grips is my advice . The locking mechanisms on these is very cheap .
 While not a name brand I figured these pliers would still get the job done but that is not the case . There feel cheap , not very smooth in operation . The large c type clamp would benefit from swivel feet at the contact area . They are hard to use with one hand . I regret the purchase and should have went with a name brand .
 I originally had wrote a good review for this set but now im editing this review to tell u these clamps are not that great as I first thought . Better deal would just be a set of decent locking or regular c clamps .
 These are the worst quality clamps I have ever seen.The clamping ends are not even straight . They were very cheap and I guess so was I.They will clamp but not what I was expecting.Buyer beware .
 I did n't expect high quality for the price but this was not even worth the time . Clamp broke at weld on first light clamp with minimal pressure . Very poor quality .
 These are cheaply made clamps . The first time I used the wide jawed clamp the locking arm bent . I guess these would be good in a throw away situation where you knew they were going to be damaged by the welding operation but I ca n't recommend them due to the low quality .
 I bought it and it never worked straight out of the box . The needle gets stuck about halfway .
 I bought this from Amazon -LRB- not the seller depicted currently -RRB- . The plant looked great on arrival , but it died with 15 days , despite trying very hard and following all instructions . I wonder if shipping in a box -LRB- and depriving light , etc for 2-4 days -RRB- causes such damage .
 Yes it came packed very nicely like the other reviews say , it even got here earlier than I expected.What I was upset about is really how ugly this tree is . I was n't expecting something as perfectly manicured as what is shown in the picture but I definitely was n't expecting the Hackjob that arrived on my doorstep . It looked like it someone had just lopped off about a foot in order for it to fit in the box ... I just got it an hour ago and I 'm seriously debating returning it because I do n't know if I have it in my to make this look like anything other than a diseased , half-dead stick with some leaves glued on.The trunk is very straight which is nice , and even with the free shipping it still arrived with moist soil . The pot is also very nice . The reason for a 2 star instead of a 1 or less .
