 Great set , only comes with 1 quick change head but that 's all you need anyways . Other drill bits pop in and out quickly and smoothly , no more twisting and tightening the drill bits to my drill . Used it to help build a fence in which I used wood screws . Made things so much faster especially when putting together wood with large screws that required many pilot holes first , saves a great deal of time switching back and forth from a phillips head and a drill bit . This would be a great gift to someone who works with a drill often as well as someone who needs more drill bits . I would rate this as one of the best purchases I 've ever made for around $ 25 , and am very glad that I 've made that investment as it has saved me a great deal of time and agony .
 I was n't looking for an amazing set of bits for constant use . Rather , I wanted a nice variety of bits that would get used occasionally . And for that , this is perfect .
 got this 3 months ago and never had a problem with it . All bits work great and use it for home repair and wood work .
 The drill bits are titanium coated high speed steel -LRB- HSS -RRB- . That 's the best part about this set but the titanium coating is very thin and will wear off the first time you drill through metal , also they snap very easily and look like carbon in the middle of the drill bit , instead of solid stainless steel appearance that high -LRB- more expensive -RRB- bits look like . The spade bits are fairly standard quality as are the bits , like dewalt/milwaukee low-cost sets . When using my impact drill in a torx head screw the bit was torqued in a clockwise direction after about 20 screws . It still works fine , but it 's noticeably deformed . The hammer drill bits are like vermont american quality . . the cheap vandium-chrome looking bits.Milwaukee shockwave fastener bits are superior in durability when using an impact drill , and sets of titanium coated dewalt twist bits are far superior to the drill bits in this kit . They are also about $ 1 per drill bit . And of course Bosch , Hilti and Milwaukee make the best masonry bits , the ones that you can drill through rocks with and one bit costs as much as this whole kit.For the price I paid , $ 15 - $ 20 , I 'm happy . There are are a lot of different bits in here for metal , wood , concrete , and fastening applications , and it 's good to have some bits you do n't care about snapping , rusting , or just trashing in general .
 The Hitachi 728704 quick change drill/drive set was delivered promptly from Amazon . The 71 piece set comes in a handy compact case . I have used the set several times since purchase . I have found the Hitachi set to be of good quality and worth the purchase price.Hitachi 728704 Quick Change 71-Piece Drilling and Driving Set
 Great drill . very powerful and compact . I have used it several times since purchase the initial charge is fine , I would probably recommend purchasing a second battery too .
 Kit has a nice selection of assorted drivers and drills . Comes in a very nice little accordian type case . I was a little disappointed that some of the drill bits have round shanks instead of hex shanks for my screw gun . Guess I 'll get a chuck adapter for those .
 It 's a good general set . Has most of the stuff you will need for any job and it 's comes in a easy to carry case .
 Hitachi drill that was previously purchased with these drill bits are the best . My husband is very happy with both products .
 Bought this to help us build a swing set . Everything we needed was in it . Love it !
 This `` kit '' is complete and its quality is excellent!If you need a quality drive set then this is the one to buy . Everything you need , and more , can be found in its convenient plastic case.I have been very pleased with all my Hitachi products and will continue to buy their well-built tools . If you are looking for quality tools and a quality drive set - do n't hesitate to buy this product because you wo n't be disappointed .
 this is a great little set of bits to carry around . The drill bits are pretty ordinary , but the various driver bits offer a good selection and are good quality .
 Does what it says . Sturdy and dependable - I got these mainly because I have a Hitachi lith-batt drill and want everything to match . There are of course cheaper solutions that will likely do the job , but I like there tools .
 A good quick-change drill and driver set . Makes drilling/driving tasks go much quicker , particularly when you need to change bits often . Drill bits are quite sharp and the driver bits seem to be made of semi-decent material that wont burr or wear away after driving a dozen screws . The quick change holder bit is also good quality .
 This handy little kit is great for replacing a lot of bulky tools used for light duty work .
 This item has everything you need for the job site or home use , in a compact carry around kit .
 I bought this set for taking with me when I do n't want to bring my entire set of tools with me . It works great , has most the common sizes and bits that I use the most , and comes in a sturdy compact case that I can leave in my truck or throw in a drawer in the garage . The dill bits have stayed sharp through a decent amount of use . The drivers seem to be made out of quality metal as they have not worn at all . The quick change system is also way better than Craftsman or Dewalt , as the mechanism does not accidentally release . I would recommend this set to anyone , and for the low price , it is hard to beat .
 Real nice set . lots of different bits and attachments . The drill bits break if you drop them . 4 stars due to quick change drill bit . would be nice if they made it so you could replace bits easily .
 Got this set , since it was such a good price . I 've used a couple of the bits off and on for home projects and they work great . I 've only used for wood , so ca n't comment if your trying to use them for other materials . The case is solid , locks shut , and securely holds all the bits in there right place .
 I bought this set as an accessory to the Hitachi hammer drill . I have n't used any of the pieces yet so I ca n't really comment on the quality . However , there are plenty of bits for any task and you will avoid an extra trip to the hardware store to find a bit that will work with the Hitachi hammer drill/driver . I gave four stars based on the convenience of the set .
 have n't used it much yet , but looks like a good mix of bits and drills .
 Last week I bought this push stick to assist with ripping some molding I was cutting on the tablesaw and I am here to say that it is worth every penny . The frustration I have felt with many of the manufactured pushsticks seem to have all been addressed here . This device is very thin , allowing you to use it on operations where the space between the blade and fence is less that 1 '' . The rubberized bottom of the push stick combined with the small lip at the back combine to grip the wood very firmly and give you a lot of control over the piece . The hand grip is well up and out of the way of the blade , giving you an extra measure of safety and comfort . I also really like the `` docking station '' , but wish it had a magnetic base . I may add some rare earth magnets to give mine that capability ... Overall I highly recommend this tablesaw accessory as a quality built , must-have item for a very fair price .
 I really like the design of this push stick . The offset handle is a safety feature , but it also allows me to rip narrow boards with my overhead dust collector in place . I generally hold the push stick in my left hand , but for very narrow rips , I hold it with the tips of my right thumb and fingers , pulling the stock against the fence as I push it though the blade . The fence on my saw is 4 '' high . If I am cutting 1/4 '' thick stock , the offset part of the push stick just clears the top of my fence . That is , with a 4 '' high fence , one can use the push stick to cut material as thin as 1/4 '' . For higher fences , the minimum stock thickness is accordingly greater , limiting the usefulness of this accessory .
 Have made and used several other types of safety push sticks - this one is very good - keeps the fingers far away from the saw blade , as well as providing good positive control of the workpiece . Would suggest this type and brand be included with any new table saw purchases .
 Maybe it 's just me , but I found no use for the base . I can see why someone would design a set like this , it sounds good in theory , but the fact of the matter is that when I am cutting wood , I only need the stick , and once I am done , I do n't need this wobbly storage for either pencil or tape . Stick is really good , though I am sure there are others on the market , or the one you made yourself that serves the same purpose . Again , do n't get me wrong , this is a well made product , I just doubt you will use `` docking station '' all that much , so think whether the push stick is worth your money . That 's why I gave it 4 stars only .
 I bought the Bench Dog push stick for use on my table saw after a close friend had lost part of two fingers in an accident on his table saw . I have since used it to cut wide and narrow parts with great ease . I really like the device . The non-slip material on the bottom makes it very easy to control both feed and position . The handle is in a great position allowing positive control without getting in the way of my saws blade gaurd . I was n't sure about buying a piece of plastic for such an important use but I was pleasantly surprised at how sturdy it is . I know I 'll get many years of good use and protection.I 've also found it very useful on my router table , another one of those devices that could mame you if you lose focus .
 It 's just a push stick right ? Why spend $ 20 on it when I can just use a wood scrap . I 've used it multiple times now and found it 's much easier to control the wood and it 's thin profile allows me to get it into some tight spots . The tray is definitely a gimmic , but I expected that when I bought it , so I ca n't hold that against the product .
 Nothing much to this push stick and holder , but if you affix it to your saw fence -LRB- double-side tape works -RRB- then it 's always there where you need it . Pencil slot is handy . Space for tape measure is much too small and pointless . Main -LRB- and good -RRB- thing is the stick keeps your hand up and away from the blade .
 I was at first skeptical about the off-set design ; but after using it for awhile , I found that it gripped the sawn wood very securely and kept my hand away from the blade . Even thinner wood pieces are not a problem . The versatile , mounted docking station simply completes a good design .
 This is a very well built tool even though it is made of plastic.The docking station although a good Idea is just in the way . All together I give this a four star rating .
 I bought this over a year ago and I 'm thinking about getting another one so I do n't need to keep moving mine between machines . I like the fact that it is narrow enough to do thing cuts in the table saw . The offset handle also helps by staying -LRB- and keeping your hand -RRB- out of the way from the cut . I agree with a previous reviewer that a couple of magnets on the base would be great to keep this on the side of a machine .
 Much like everything else Bench Dog makes , this thing works . I like the offset handle while using it on my table saw and router table . I do alot of woodworking at home when nobody else is around . So I try to be as safe as anyone can be . The offset handle helps keep hands further from the blade on my table saw . I would recomend this to anyone !
 Outstanding , great item , works great on my table saw and router table . Package delivered on time . Highly recommendedand looking forward to new products .
 We all know how dangerous table saws can be . I had a close friend lose the tip of his index finger and completely obliterate the bone in his ring finger in a table saw accident . This tool is irreplaceable . The thin profile and offset handle keeps everything away from danger . It grips nicely and thanks to the bright orange color is easier to spot if your shop is cluttered . The tape measure and pencil storage is a bit of a joke , though it 's a nice thought . I did n't mount mine to the fence , instead I put it below the deck in a spot less prone to getting in the way or getting broken . For the price , it 's a little high for a fancy piece of plastic , but it 's certainly a lot cheaper than stitches and the likes .
 very fine push stick . works great has a rubber pad on the foot so it wont slip .
 I had a bunch of pushers . This one replaced them all . It grips thin or thick -LRB- 8/4 -RRB- board very well . Your hand is far away from blade too . Altogether , this is a versatile push stick .
 I purchased this item to allow use of an over the table saw dust collection hood on narrow wood . The offset push stick allows my hand to be to the right of the blade and above the Fence . a very SAFE place . I am very pleased with this item .
 The Bench Dog 10-025 Push-Loc Offset Push Stick For Table Saws , Router Tables With Docking Station as well asBench Dog Table Saw Blade-Locand theBench Dog Feather-Loc Single Featherboard for Table Saws & Router Tablesdoes exactly what it 's supposed to do - keeps my fingers where they belong , on my hand . ~ The Boss
 Received wrong product . Contact seller was shipped the correct product no additional cost . Will do business again with Seller .
 $ 8 is just about right for this light . It is not as bright as I expected given the xenon bulb and three cells , but it is a bit brighter than my generic 2 cell flashlight . Where it is shines is in its construction . It is solidly built and does n't have the loose fitting , knock-it-against-your-hand-to-get-it-to-light quirkiness of a cheaper flashlignt . This same light sells for over twice the price at Ace .
 I could n't find these staples in any store , and decided to try the internet , Amazon has it all.Thanks . Danny
 Purchased these from another vendor and paid much more than at Amazon . The price and quality of this product exceeds expectations . The color and metal gauge give cool clear lines and conserve space nicely , you have the option of unit or screw installation . Great product .
 This is a solid product ! It 's well built and attaches to my slat-wall with no issues ! If I have need for more , I will definitely order from this seller again .
 It fit my building and it holds stuff like a basket should . The blue color is a nice extra !! Thanks
 I bought these a couple years back for my super light-sensitive eyes . They were great , I often wore them for night driving as well . However , when I purchased these they were about ten or fifteen dollars . I do n't know why they are fifty now . Though great , not fifty-dollars great . I wanted to buy another pair , because mine broke -LRB- they were stepped on -RRB- . But if you have the money and really need these , they work well and look good .
 It helps me a lot when i am in front of the computer , so my sight is less tired than before .
 I bought this towel ring to match my Kingston Brass Faucet . I was not disappointed it was beautiful and easy to install .
 These lights are bright enough to guide a person through a dark corridor or stairwell . The batteries last over a year and can be replaced . These lights make good Christmas presents .
 This product work as advertised . Light is very bright red . Although with that said I would prefer the regular light as opposed to a colored one .
 The First Alert SA340CN Smoke Alarm with Lithium Battery is a great concept . The detector unit has a 10-year life span , and this battery is supposed to last for 10 years . Having just installed it the other day , I ca n't attest to the battery life span ... yet.The unit was easy to install -- pretty typical for an alarm of this sort . I like that the mute button is easy to reach and indented . That 's probably the thing I use the most on a smoke alarm -- whether it 's from something burning but under control in the broiler or on the stovetop , or it 's from a little spider deciding to crawl through if not actually nest inside the device , you want to be able to turn off the alarm if you 're sure there 's no fire or noxious smoke or other emergency and get on with the business of finding out what caused it.I read here that some users have experienced a short life span on their battery . We 'll have to see what happens here . I do test my units every few months and will update this review if mine fails , too . So far , though , no problems . Easy install , unobtrusive design -LRB- as much as such a thing is possible , though it 's a necessary protection regardless of how it looks -RRB- .
 Although I will update this review in a few months , so far I have not had the problems other folks have had . The battery is just fine , and no alarms when everything is fine . It was easy to put together , looks nice , and responds when tested . More to follow , hopefully things will still be fine !
 The smoke alarm was easy to install , and it looks like every other smoke alarm . It makes noise when I test it , and it is quiet when I push the silence button . Of course , the ultimate test is whether it makes noise during a fire ; for that , and to comment on the battery life , I will have to update later as appropriate .
 The smoke alarm was very easy to install since I was able to use the same screws as those that held up my old First Alert alarm . You know ... the one with the batteries that needed to be replaced when we changed to daylight saving time . It 's good to know that there will be no worries about dead batteries for ten years , although the instructions do advise that the unit be checked regularly to ensure that it 's still functioning.It loses a star because of the annoying printing on the alarm . My original First Alert alarm had embossed lettering . These are black/gray and will be en eyesore on the ceiling for ten years . The plastic ca n't be painted , so there 's no way to remedy the situation .
 It was very easy to install . It took less than 10 minutes to have it up and going . Out of the pack , which was easy to open , you just put the battery into the alarm . It has a loud , high pitched alarm that would be hard to ignore.The battery pack just slips in and clicks in place . It 's supposed to last 10 years - it has a place to write on it when you installed it . If mine does n't , I will update my review . Has very good warranty information and states that if the battery does not last , you can call customer service.It 's white , and easy to mount . Does n't look bad on the ceiling though I agree that the writing does n't need to be huge on it . I do n't really want a walking billboard on my ceiling . It is much more convenient than other fire alarms though , as you do n't have to change batteries all the time .
 This smoke detector was installed on January 6 , 2013 . A smoke detectors a hard thing to write a review for . The only way you 'll really know if it works well is to see what happens when your house catches on fire ; I 'm committed to my review writing , but not that committed . : - -RRB- The `` 10 year battery '' seems to be a specialized battery . -LRB- By specialized , I mean it is not a standard size battery . -RRB- This means that the smoke detector is disposable in the sense that once the battery dies , you 're probably better off replacing the entire system then trying to replace the battery . As I just installed the system , I ca n't really speak to the lifespan of the battery . I can say that the smoke detector is easy to install and the volume is sufficiently loud for us to hear -LRB- the test tone at least -RRB- across the house with the bedroom door closed.I will do my best to remember to make regular updates concerning the status of the battery , as it seems others who have reviewed this have had issues with the 10 year lifespan . Chances are , no news is good news . If the battery dies prematurely , I will surely come back and let you know here . ; - -RRB-
 A number of years ago , my husband and I purchased a commercial building which was over 100 years old . After restoring it back to the original tin ceiling , we had to get out a huge ladder every time we needed to change a light bulb OR the batteries in our smoke alarm.While we had our challenges , everyone has one of those difficult to get to spots , including attics , where we simply want to put in an alarm and not worry about it . In our current home , our furnace is actually in the crawl space of our home -LRB- no fun changing filters either -RRB- and I have always wanted a smoke alarm to give us early warning of anything smoking down there . This particular alarm is perfect.While most alarms require you to change your battery every year -LRB- recommended that you do it when you change your clocks for daylight savings time -RRB- , this one has a LIFETIME battery - lifetime being ten years . You hang it , then according the instructions simply push the button once a week . It also recommends that you vacuum this to prevent false alarms , and not put it anywhere that insects thrive.Obviously , if you are placing this in a difficult-to-access location , you wo n't be able to easily perform either of these maintenance functions . But you would n't perform them on ANY smoke alarm that you had in that location , so having a smoke alarm with long-term batteries makes this a good choice for those locations.Another consideration is Seniors , who are not able to reach up and change their own batteries.But the key function is simply having a working Smoke Alarm in your home that does n't have batteries that die , meaning you are constantly safe.I have used First Alert for many years and appreciate their alarms . Obviously , it will take awhile to see how LONG our battery lasts - I tend to be pretty faithful in updating when a product does n't work out , so I 'll be back if it does n't live up to my expectations ... and yes , I was an original reviewer for Amazon , so I have reviews that old . : - -RRB-
 It was simple to install the First Alert Long-Life Battery Smoke & Fire Alarm , which goes up just like any other `` garden variety '' alarm -- attach the screws to the ceiling , mount the First Alert up there , and you 're done . Clear instructions are included , but you may not even need them . One note here is to insert the lithium battery -LRB- included -RRB- BEFORE you mount the unit . -LRB- This part is just plain common sense , but worth noting in case you 're NOT reading the instructions ; > -RRB- Once in place , the alarm is ready to detect flamiing fires -LRB- your kitchen curtains go up in flames -RRB- , smoldering fires -LRB- smoke is coming from that cigarette butt you dropped on the couch -RRB- , and general smoke -LRB- you 're cooking in an oven that needs cleaning , and is producing smoke -RRB- . That last one is what happened to me . -LRB- Yes , I needed to self-clean the oven , but had n't done it . -RRB- The oven-fried chicken was baking away , when the alarm started blaring . The mute button quickly de-activated the alarm . Now , the mute button is n't particularly easy to reach . I had to get the step-stool out , but I 've had to do that in the past with other alarms , PLUS pull the battery out to silence them . So the mute feature here is great.As far as the 10 year life claim on the First Alert , I ca n't address that yet , since we 've only had the alarm up for a little over a week . I guess I 'll have to come back to update this review if the battery fails before 10 years are up.BTW , if you purchase this alarm , remember to test the battery weekly . This bit of advice is also included on the unit itself , but it 's good to remember , even if you expect that the battery will last 10 years .
 My old smoke detector used to alarm at even the suggestion of smoke . It was always blaring for no reason and the ` silent ' button was useless ; the alarm just kept blaring no matter how many times you hit that thing . Even pulling the battery would cause it to alarm until every drop of energy trickled out of that possessed thing . I had visions of repeatedly bashing it to bits with a bat , and that thing would still be alarming as I pummeled the life outta it . And yes , it was a First Alert too . So WHY , you might ask , did I bother trying yet another smoke alarm from this same company ? Glutton for punishment maybe ? Eternal optimist ? Just plain did n't know any better ? Perhaps all of the above , but the good news is , this new First Alert smoke alarm actually ... . wait for it ... . it actually WORKS ! TA-DAAAAAAA !!! Fanfare please!No Electrical HookupI was a little surprised and disappointed to see this smoke alarm has no electrical hookup , but then , that 's prolly because they must be putting all their faith in the 10 year battery . I 've read other reviews that say the battery dies after a couple years , and I hope that 's not the case . Particularly because the instructions say the battery CA N'T be replaced . Apparently , this smoke alarm is disposable and intended to be trashed after the battery goes . Not sure about that one , but then , specialty replacement batteries like this often cost so much , that I 'd prolly just buy a whole new unit anyway . I used to do the same with cordless phones -- made no sense to buy a $ 20 replacement battery for a $ 20 phone . At that point , I just throw them away and get another $ 20 phone on sale for $ 15 and call it a day.Who Needs Instructions?I rarely ever read instructions for stuff like this . Not because I 'm a stubborn male who wo n't ask for directions , but because this stuff is self evident and most instruction books are written as if everyone has OCD ; needlessly bogging everything down with meaningless direction . Less is more , so until tech writers figure that one out , I 'll keep muddling through on my own.Case In Point
 Hard to review something whose basic feature is that it lasts ten years . So having just installed it , what proof do I have ? But seriously folks , take my wife - please ! Or take this First Alert unit . Mounts easily , tests easily . Has a mute button to handle unwanted alarms . Too early to tell if it will go off when there 's no emergency , just something that 's been overcooked -LRB- Ok , so I burn the burgers sometime -RRB- . I have n't overcooked anything recently . Overall very pleased .
 This is a nice looking , easy to set up , smoke alarm , that is good for ten years ! The unit comes with a non-replaceable battery pack , that once it 's inserted into the unit , can not be removed , so once you put it together , the Ten years starts ticking . It also comes with mounting screws to mount it on the ceiling or wall . It 's very easy to mount the base of the unit to the ceiling or wall , and then the unit nicely attaches to the base with a quarter of a turn.I really like the fact that I do n't need to replace the battery , ever . Just test it once and a awhile -LRB- they suggest weekly , by pushing a very easy to push test button -RRB- . After Ten years , you have to toss the whole unit away and get a new one ; there is no replacing the battery . If you think that 's wasteful , you might want to remember that the smoke detection sensors in these units do not last forever . I 'm worried that some people just keep using theirs for way too many years , and the quality of the smoke detection sensor fades over time -LRB- regardless of how good your batteries are -RRB- . With this unit , you ca n't make that mistake.A nice improvement for this unit would have been something on the outside of the unit that would tell me when the Ten years was up . There 's a place to write the installation date on the battery inside the unit , but I really doubt that people will remove the unit and look at what they wrote . I decided to use a permanent marker and I wrote the installation date on the outside of my unit .
 It will be nice to not hear the low battery beep every couple of months !
 We all need smoke alarms . The best are probably hardwired , but , if you ca n't have that , a long-life battery is next best . The ten-year battery in this First Alert is very appealing . Having to go out and buy the right battery when the smoke alarm quits running is irritating . Even worse , you have to get a ladder to install the new battery . I worry about those who are too lazy to bother . If this ten-year battery runs that long , it 's a nice solution.Several reviews state that the ten-year battery lasts considerably less time . If that 's the case , the smoke alarm is warrantied , and you can get a free replacement . Those who buy the alarm on Amazon can always print the required receipt as proof of purchase . According to the First Alert website , here 's how to obtain warranty service : `` If service is required , do not return the product to your retailer . In order to obtain warranty service , contact the Consumer Affairs Division at 1-800-323-9005 , 7:30 AM - 5:00 PM Central Standard Time , Monday through Friday . To assist us in serving you , please have the model number and date of purchase available when calling . For Warranty Service return to
 The main thing I like about this smoke detector is the `` mute '' button . Now I can have a smoke detector in my kitchen . I 'm a firm believer in having a smoke detector in every room . The battery is supposed to last ten years and if it does n't , it is not replaceable . I 'd need to discard the unit and buy another . The detector is about as attractive as a smoke detector can be so that makes no difference to me and what I needed . Mute button = 5 stars . non-replaceable battery = 1 star and only because it is a lithium battery . Why does one need more than one smoke detector ? I live in a garden-type condominium apartment . There are two units on each level with four levels per building . Between the units on each level is a masonry wall but the flooringis wood , so if a fire started below me , it would quickly burn through the flooring and into my unit . Just a few months ago a fire started in a building across from mine . It started during the night in a kitchen , quickly spread to all the floors . One resident was hospitalized with burns on her feet . The smoke was dense and a fireman had to brave the smoke and flames to rescue the person . He was also hospitalized . The units are in the process of clearing the burnt belongings and rebuilding . If you live in a detached single family house , you are still at risk . A fire could easily start in the night . You want as much advance notice as possible so you can get out quickly . The solution is a smoke detector in every room and if you have a basement with your furnace , water heater , electric entrance box , and such , I 'd surely have two or more smoke detectors in the basement . The First Alert brand is a trusted brand . You are sure to appreciate the mute button even if you do not plan to use the smoke detector in your kitchen . So far , I can find no problem with this unit . As I mentioned , I do not like the fact that once the battery pack is inserted , it can not be removed .
 This smoke detector was easy to install and appears to work well . It is convenient to have one button for test and silence ; On my other units I often press the wrong button to silence the unit , but this is not a problem with this unit.The unit looks fine , although the writing on it is a bit bolder than I 'd like . You 'd like this unit to blend into the ceiling and the writing prevents that.Others appear to have long-term problems with the battery , but since I just installed the unit recently , I ca n't speak to that . I 've had 10-year batteries fail after a few years on a different brand -LRB- Kidd -RRB- and they replaced it promptly . The way I see it , a 9V costs a few dollars and the price between this and a regular unit is only three batteries or so , so it only has to last 3 years to brake even .
 Finally , a smoke/fire detector that comes with its own battery . And what makes it great is that it is very easy to install . But the real convenience to this thing is that the battery is designed to last 10 years , which is the effective life of the product . No more trying to remember how old the unit is and discovering -- too late -- that it is no longer efffective . Good work , First Alert .
 I normally buy these at my local home improvement store . So tired of replacing them after being on only a few hours a night for one week . I decided to try these . The bulb is still lasting longer than any other bulb I have purchased thus far.Follow-up
 Item arrived quickly and was well packaged.It burned out in my lamp within a month though ... It 's possible that the lamp has a short , though . So no complaints on the bulb .
 The bulbs were very good quality and low price . Fast shipping . I am very satisfied with the price and service . Thanks
 I bought these light bulbs here at Amazon for my DIY under counter lights that I bought at a big box DIY store . Unfortunately as I had forgotten the exact look and the exact type of bulb that were in these lights and as these box stores seemed to only carry the G4 pin type of bulbs , Amazon here I came!I was/am very happy that I did , first did n't cost me any gas , I live 55 miles from the nearest box store , and I could get exactly what I needed as I had the time to go back and look at the light when I was online . Needless to say , comparing prices I found these to be cheaper or the same price as the ones in the box stores and I found these to work as well , time will tell how long they last but I 'm thinking they 'll work quite well for a number of years .
 I have been applying 120 of my own volts to this bulb for the past several months . Electrons flow , just as advertised , and photons come out . A real miracle of science .
 I bought this bulb to replace a burnt out one on my GE micro hood . Not sure I think the original called for 40 watt but this 20 watt works great for me and I am running only one bulb rather than two bulbs that the micro hood has . It 's bright enough for me and I save some energy ...
 I have a several year old GE Microwave that uses two of these . I 've experienced wide ranges in service life from the bulbs I 've purchased as replacements , but having recently remodleled our kitchen and having invested in &#34; building in &#34; our current unit , I had to once again replace a bulb . If you do this , I hightly recommend following the manufacturer 's protocols regarding handling . If you get the oils from your fingertips on the bulb and put it in service without real attention to cleaning , it will die quickly .
 I chose the black version however Dark Bronze works the same . This really ads light where you need it and look elegant . Even though the track is flexible in the picture only shows little S-curve I actually extended it straight it crossed the center of the kitchen ceiling . I replaced a 14-year-old fluorescent lighting fixture and was able to use the same fixture holes for this track light system . This saves me from having to plug the holes in the ceiling.Even though 10 feet does not seem very long it gave the spacing I needed for the lightning for my area . Yet people that want to have the S-curve or more feet on their track this can be extended by another 10 feet . You do not need another electrical source for the extra 10 feet . Each light also attaches independently so you can buy more lights if you have more need of light in certain areas.With 12 foot , ceilings I found my letter a tad short so was not able to see how the lamp clamps onto the track . The only real downfall is if you do not have them lined exactly on the track the little screw caps will not work . I wish they had made a simpler system may be some sort of snap on . The other problem is that the track unless totally suspended at the right angle has a tendency to twist so that you can not put the clamps on vertically with any consistency . However if you track is secure this is easily done.Now I 'm thinking of experimenting with the original S-curve but happy with what I have and have my eye on the other rooms .
 These are THE `` industry standard '' permanent markers . No other marker comes even close . You will not be disappointed!To the previous review , please do not use these markers on your CD 's , they can damage the top layer of your cd and eventually make it unreadable . Use specific CD Markers for writing on CD 's . For everything else , use these !
 I love this markers , I use them everytime I want to label my cd 's ... Plus , they come in 4 different colors , wich make my cd 's very unique !!!
 Our family loves Sharpies . We use Sharpies for tons of different things . And the kids love to do art projects with Sharpies . I use Sharpies to ID my golf balls . I now am using Sharpies in the workshop and they work great !
 This item works great , but it is not a pair , just one . Order 2 for one mask since there are 2 ports .
 Apparently from one of the previous reviewers and the subsequent comment ... -- some sort of mystery surrounds the # 502 adapter.Very simple ... it fits over the # 6001 organic . Once fitted , they become ONE ... as in one , single piece ... -- simply attach your # 2097 pinky -LRB- assuming this is what you want for single stage paint spray painting -RRB- to the # 502 ... Attach the # 2097 to the # 502 by inserting it into the locking mechanism , and twisting 1/4 ... If it irritates you that the # 2097 pinky can come off when brushed up against something , -- purchase the self contained # 60921Remember , this set up is NOT for urethane paint spraying or ANY paint which uses an ISO hardener ... -- use your common sense .
 i baught this to mount my p100 filters on the carbon filter . works great and fits perfectly . No leaks and would certainly recomend it to a friend .
 I bought this for my husband a few months ago . He had one before , but for some reason it stopped working . Amazon is by far the cheapest place to buy this . It is very cute and my kids love it too . It 's a great product and perfect for any Goofy fan .
 Although not the same brand as advertised , they are the correct size and work well.I unpackaged one to try it out . No rips or tears.This is typical emergency blanket and is not designed for frequent use.As soon as you cover yourself with one of these you feel the heat radiating back into you.Is this what a baked potato feels like?Don ' t even think you 'll get it back in the little package ... just fold it up as tight as you can and stick a rubber band on it .
 A good deal - a buck each - but a different brand than pictured . Seems ok though .
 I have not yet used the product , but I was compelled to input a review since many of those reviewing the product actually received something other than the product pictured . The only reason for this preliminary review is for those discouraged from buying after reading the reviews and thinking they would also end up with a product other than the one pictured.I received EXACTLY what is pictured , so apparently , all your messages have gotten through to Amazon and rest assured , if you order now , you will surely receive Quake Care Mylar blankets , and not the cheap knock-offs previously mentioned . I will edit this review once I have actually used the product.EDIT -- The seller I purchased from was SVMPRODUCTS , LLC . I regret I did not post this in my original post as another buyer received Chinese junk , not Quake Care , from another seller . Also , if you click the link that says `` 11 New , '' it will lead you to a list of other sellers with fulfillment by Amazon , SVM Products is one , and I just noticed Quake Kare -LRB- direct -RRB- is another seller , so I imagine ordering direct from Quake Kare through Amazon , you should end up with the actual Quake Kare product .
 The Mylar , or space blanket , has been around for several decades now and for good reason . They are inexpensive , pack very small and incredibly useful when needed . The shiny blanket was developed in the 1960s for NASA and is used in emergencies to reduce heat loss in a person 's body caused by thermal radiation , water evaporation and convection . Used to treat hypothermia they are also windproof and waterproof making them useful in a variety of outdoor or survival scenarios . With that said the blanket itself is not some sort of miracle material . It does not create any warmth and offers no real insulation . I think this is an important item to be carried in vehicles or packs but just as important is to learn how to use it and the proper way to do so .
 Emergency Disaster Systems sent this item very quickly and had good customer service - polite , helpful , relatively quick to respond.This product is great for emergencies - small , light weight , great to take on outdoor activities for an emergency or to have in the car . It 's very light weight -LRB- made of material like a mylar balloon -RRB- , and while it can tear somewhat easily , it 's made mostly for emergency use , not frequent use . It reflects body heat and can be really important for survival . Is a great addition during cold weather camping - lay over top of sleeping bag as an extra layer of insulation.As far as buying these on Amazon , keep your eyes out for frequent price changes - prices can vary by a great deal , both from seller to seller and even from week to week from the same seller , often by quite a lot . I 've paid anywhere from $ 4 to $ 10 for a 4 pk. , sometimes with free shipping , sometimes not.In summary , good product , can be a life saver , especially for the money , but keep an eye out for price variations and fluctuations . Emergency Disaster Systems was a great seller to buy them from .
 There were a few reviews wherein either the wrong number of blankets or an alternative brand of blankets were received . I just got my blankets in the mail today . Two four-packs of Quake Kare emergency blankets , exactly what I ordered . The blankets are high quality and seem fairly durable . They do n't seem to flake and wo n't rip or tear easily . Shipping was fast too .
 this thing is very thin and will rip very easy it fill like a trash bag when u have it on but it does its job and holds ur body heat under the blanket
 the product arrived quickly and as described . i was able to use it immediately for my camping trip and the cold nights were not so cold using this product
 I keep two in each vehicle . Next time I purchase some will be to increase that number to 4 in each car to have extras . I may also purchase some to throw in my bug-out bag .
 I bought these to have in my 72 hour emergency kits . They are so compact and take up very little room . They would also be good for camping . I like that I can have something for warmth in my kit that is so lightweight and compact .
 This product is the Quake Kare mylar space blanket . It is the super thin stuff . This will save your life in an emergency situation and I am glad I got 4 of them in case one rips or whatever . They shipped it quickly and I received it quickly too .
 FOR THE PRICE A GREAT BUY ... MY WIFE CALLED ME TO LET ME KNOW THAT THE CAR WOULD NOT START AND SHE WAS AN HOUR AWAY AND IT WAS PRETTY COLD OUT ... WHEN I GOT THERE SHE IN THE CAR WITH EMERGENCY BLACKET ON THAT I LEFT IN GLOVE BOX AND IN GOOD SPIRIT . IT WAS WELL WORTH IT AND A GREAT BUY ... BE PREPARED
 I froze to death on my first night in the back country backpacking . On the second night I was sweating in this thermal sheet . Thanks to it I could manage to sleep.A must have . Its a bit plastic feeling , but if it can help u sleep , who cares about the feeling .
 Details are exactly as per descriptionProduct is easy to use and very helpful to have around . A very very good buy !!
 I love my cats but I do n't love their hair all over my bed . I put the shiny , crinkly thermal blanket over top and they wo n't go near it . I imagine you could put it anywhere you do n't want your cats to go .
 We used these under our camping tent as an `` under the tent tarp '' and under our sleeping bags inside the tent to help the cold from coming through from the cold damp ground . They really made a difference in our comfort & worked quite well . It was a better solution than tarps in this case - lighter weight , less expensive & better insulation .
 I bought this to stock my 10 essentials/emergency pack , and am happy with the product . Each blanket comes in its own plastic bag , which are nested in a larger bag which results in a compact and easy to pack product . The product is also pretty cheap , as there are other thermal blankets that are quite expensive out there .
 HiThe thermal blankets I received are warm and comfortable . The only drawback -LRB- which I know can not be avoided because of the material used -RRB- is that they make a crunchy noise when one moves.I would recommend them for cold climates , which is where I used mine . I plan to use the ones I did n't open yet to leave in my car and relatives ' cars for emergencies.Thank you.O . Romero
 As a prepper , I like to make sure my family is prepared for any natural or man made disaster that may occur , so these space blankets are good to have in each car , in bug out bags , camping gear , etc. . one in my pocket when hunting and so much more . . HOWEVER , the effectiveness of these space blankets is debated , because these mylar blankets also trap in the COLD , so make sure you warm yourself up before covering yourself with this `` blanket '' . These bags are not effective when placing over an already freezing person , unless over a normal blanket , BUT , they are very effective in preventing freezing if you 're not already frigid to begin with.The surface is very reflective , so these mylar blankets are perfect for lining grow rooms for those who start their vegetables and flowers indoors . The benefit is that they reflect light back to the plant so no light is wasted.These are also good for lining coolers to help keep them even more colder , or even inside of lunchbags/boxes . These also work great for making reflectors for bouncing light in photography projects .
 The Quake Kare emergency blanket is a lightweight mylar material , similar to what is used to make floating birthday balloons . When I first tried mine in early autumn , I did not notice any big difference in comfort level . The crinkling sound that it makes was somewhat annoying to me . So I put it aside and did not think about it again.A few weeks later in October we had a freak snowstorm and extended power outage that lasted four-and-a-half nights . Bundled inside my sweater , down vest , down coat , hat , gloves and multiple afghans , I was shivering . I thought it could not hurt to try the emergency blanket again . To my amazement , within a few minutes I had stopped shaking and felt warmer . The mylar traps one 's own body heat and keeps it under the blanket instead of letting that warmth drift away . During the next few days , I said many prayers of thanksgiving for the person who invented this ! Sometimes at night I would wake up cold and shaking , thinking that my blanket must not be able to help any more ... only to find that it had slipped off of me . Back in place , it provided warmth again . This was a sort of blind test that proved to me that its effectiveness was real . After several days of being cold , my core body temp had dropped a couple degrees and there were signs of mild hypothermia . Without that emergency blanket , I might not have fared as well.During our power outage we were losing heat in our dwelling at a rate of 5 degrees each night . There was a draft of colder air and smell of wood smoke coming from the closed vents of an attic fan . I framed one of my extra mylar sheets with some posterboard to make an effective thermal barrier and the following night the heat loss was reduced to 2 degrees.I highly recommend this product to keep in one 's home and vehicle emergency preparedness kits -LRB- with enough extras for passengers -RRB- . If some day you are unexpectedly exposed to cold weather for an extended time , this could save your life . Get some today ! 5/3/12 EDIT
 I 've bought several of these Mylar space blankets over the years , always with the intention of using them while hiking or camping , if an emergency arose.Instead , just by coincidence , I wound up using them INSIDE THE HOUSE for the same reason -- three times . All were for the same reason
 I bought them for our Emergency Pack but brought them along our trip to the rainforest just in case it would get too cold . It amazed me how thin it was yet how warm it was as well . It was so thin you could see through it but it reflects the body heat right back to you . wonderful product .
 I like having a few of these around in my hunting/fishing/camping gear . I used one with my sleeping bag when the temps dropped down into the thirties one night while camping . It worked great as a sleeping bag liner for the rest of the trip . I 've used other brands in the same way , and they ripped a lot easier then the Quake care ones .
 I just finished my CERT -LRB- Citizen Emergency Response Team -RRB- training and picked these up to put in my response bag . I already have several that I keep on hand for camping and now my next project is to make a solar oven out of items I would have on hand . These little blankets can do a lot . They are big enough to cover an average person and we used them in our class for shock patients . They can be water catchers , additional thermal help in sleeping , window reflectors and so much more . Even if you do n't camp ... have a few of these socked away . In an emergency , they are very handy to have around .
 I bought a pack of four of these and put one in the glove compartment of each car . They will warm you for a while , or can be used as shade against a hot sun . I also cut one up into small pieces and slid the into a couple of pet beds . The dogs werent fond of the crinkly sound coming from their bed , but I cant scrape the cats off of them . I 've seen a popular pet bed that is just a regular bed with a sheet of this stuff slipped between the pads , and thats pretty much what I made . These are also useful to drape over tender outdoor plants if you expect a frost , just weigh it down with rocks if its windy .
 Just as advertised , this blanket can be carried in a shirt pocket , and will keep an individual warm under most circumstances .
 I have not tried them yet but there is no mechanical functions to evaluate . They are packaged nicely and I am sure would perform as they should if needed . I carry them in my truck and bug out bags .
 It is nice to know that being a OTR driver if anything was to happen and we did n't have heat we could use these wonderful little blankets to keep us alive ! They are wonderful even if you need extra warmth with your own blanket .
 this product takes up very little room and has in the past been use to keep me warm under alot of different problem areas and not all of them was camping
 Perfect price for a piece of emergency great that you should always have around . For the price that you would normally pay for just one blanket , you get 4 . Definitely a great buy .
 I had bought these for camping in moderate cold temperature and they proved useful . Very compact and light weight to carry and kept me warm at night . They are priced well and came on time . If required I would purchase again !
 You recieve 4 seperately packaged thermal blankets , which is what you would pay for one at any sporting goods store . Great product and recommend for anyones emergency kit .
 Purchased these to use in outdoor pet beds . I was very surprised by how well these blankets work to reflect heat back .
 These emergency blankets are small and come individually wrapped . They are small enough to fit in the front pocket of your jeans . I got a couple for my car emergency kit and for my emergency bug-out bag . For this low price and easy to use size , there is no reason not to buy a whole bunch of them .
 They do exactly what i envisioned them to do , and the price for 4 ca n't be beat !
 These emergency blankets are great to take with you camping or for preparedness . Keep a couple in the car for emergencies like car accidents you may come across . We have ours in our bug out bags .
 Got these as a cheap addition to our disaster emergency kit . Have n't had to use them yet , but we have piece of mind if we do need them .
 If you are looking for emergency blankets ... buy these . I was looking for 2 to carry in mine and my wife 's backpack but could buy this four pack for cheaper . Go to any sporting goods store and compare prices . 4 blankets for the price of 2 including the FAST shipping is a deal that ca n't be beat . Shipping took like 4 days from the day I ordered . If you are thinking of buying them ... do it .
 I bought these as an `` emergency '' item . I have n't had to use them . They are small and compact to keep in my cars if ever needed .
 I bought these for emergencies for the family . Hopefully , they will not have to be used , but just in case ...
 These thermal blankets are an absolute must for your survival pack . Although they are designed to be used against your body while wearing very little clothing -LRB- maximum heating effect occurs when placed directly against your skin -RRB- , they will help keep you warm while you are fully dressed . They are also thin enough to cut into pieces to put against your skin under your clothes -LRB- chest , legs and arms -RRB- . As others have indicated , they do have a variety of uses . If you must improvise , adapt and overcome to survive , it will be much easier with these in your arsenal !
 I just threw it my bug out bag for just in case . I have n't got to use them yet but I 'm guessing that these 4 will keep me toasty for 3 days .
 i placed this underneath my sheets when I sleep . And it actually reflected my body heat and kept me more than warm . I actually found that I cant sleep with my quilt , but with a lighter blanket !!! While the `` crumpling '' sound takes getting use too , I found that if you put two sets of sheets on the bed if muffles the `` crumpling '' sound so much that its barely noticeable.bottom line , it works.If I had to use anything but this for warmth in an emergency , I would use it in a heartbeat.It might also work great as a liner in a light jacket , just make sure you have `` vents '' I 'm sureit would heat up rather quickly .
 I think The saying goes , &#34; luck favors the prepared . &#34; So I thought this would be a good buy . Hopefully they never need to be used . S far seems like a good product , and the delivery was as promise . I am satisfied .
 The product arrived on time and as described . It will make a great addition to my homemade emergency kit .
 Very pleased with these emergency blankets . Came in a pack of 4 , all the same , and all just as advertised . I was easily able to fully unfold and then comfortably repack the blanket without issue . Highly recommended .
 Amazes me how compact -LRB- small -RRB- these things are . Added them to my current emergency kit inside the house and in the car . These things are better than keeping a blanket in the trunk of the car and they work great if needed .
 I made a mistake buying a Texsport Willowbend Trail Tent -LSB- ... -RSB- I ended up waking up in the middle of the night on top of a wet and cold sleeping bag . I grabbed one of these blankets , wrapped myself with it and stayed dry and warm.Highly recommend it to any one who camps out !
 I live in an area where most homes are not air conditioned , but most businesses are . During some very hot days a few weeks ago , I was told that hanging these blankets in my south - and west-facing windows would make my it feel `` like having air conditioning '' in my house . At such a low price , I could n't pass up the chance to try this . The 4 pack was actually perfect for fitting in my four windows , without any need to cut the blankets down . I did n't actually attach them to my windows either . I stapled them to the inside of the curtain and that allows me to open the curtains if I choose.The thermal blankets really reflect a lot of sunlight , which keeps it much cooler in my house . They do make it slightly darker , but they are not anywhere close to blacking out all the light .
 For the price and quantity I 'm not going to complain . They are compact enough for the glove box , a small pocket in the BOB and in my motorcycle tool bag . I 'm not going to count on them in my long term camping gear to be of the quality of the space blankets I 'm familiar with . The last ones I opened and used had an OD green outside , a mesh thread pattern for strength , and grommeted corners , and once I open them they kicked around for years , just never fold up as compact as originally . Those are Space Blankets , these are a cheaper alternative for short term emergency use . I opened one of these up , they are the advertised size and weight and work as advertised , I would n't count on it lasting more than a few days to a couple of weeks of use , in other words , an emergency only .
 These come individually packed in sets of four , keep one in your house , car , backpack , etc. . . they keep you far warmer than I ever thought and are well worth the cost.the Mylar is very fragile though , I managed to average three days use before it started to peel , this is a problem with all survival blankets so i wo n't hold it against this product and for the cost and weight you can carry several of these before it becomes a problem .
 The emergency blankets arrived and are exactly as described in the ad . The shipping was increadibly fast , and the size of the actual blanket pakaging is small enough to be convieniantly stored almost anywhere . I plan on keeping these in the glove box of my car , and may get more to keep around the house or store with our camping gear .
 These thrermal blankets perform exactly as advertised . They are very thin mylar or something , take up very little space , but are extremly good at reflecting heat . Will help keep things hot or cold . If used for an emergency , should protect one from the cold , however keep in mind these are only designed to reflect heat , basically reflect radient heat . You also would need some sort of insulation such as a regular blanket on top of this for total protection . Its a good product , well worth the cost , and if its all you have in an emergency , would certainly be helpful .
 I honestly hope I never have to use these blankets , and they stay in those little ziploc bags . But if I need one , I now have one in each vehicle , one with me , and one in the emergency kit at home .
 Bought these for our cabin and to pack when out in the woods . Hopefully we will not have to use , but feel better just knowing we have them .
 Muy buen producto para uso de emergencia . Para los amantes del camping , no puede faltarles esto en su kit de primeros auxilios . Vienen en empaques separados , cada uno un poco mas grande que una billetera de hombre , super livianos y compactos .
 I have this in my car in case I break down . I hope I never have to use them because if I do it would be in a emergency type situation .
 Purchased these to put in our cars and our emergency preparedness kit . It would be great if I never open the package .
 I have used mylar `` space '' blankets for the past 30 years for near innumerable projects . Want to make a solar oven ? here 's a tool to allow that . Increase the rating on your sleeping bag by 20 degrees -LRB- put the mylar INSIDE the bag -RRB- , I 've made emergency ponchos from them while backpacking . Ground cloths , signal devices , sun awnings -LRB- in this mode they help provide cooling -RRB- , insulation for coolers , animal shelters , a lining for an incubator.They do n't have to wait around in your car or `` read bag '' to find uses ! However , I carry them in each vehicle , I have one in each of my various -LRB- depending on purpose -RRB- `` ready bags '' , in emergency kits made for the kids and in all the first aid kits in the house , vehicles , the ranch and other such haunts.This little piece of plastic may well be one of the premier tools of all time .
 I 've played with a couple of different brands of space blankets and these blankets are of fine quality . They suffer the usual short comings of this material -LRB- tears spread easily -RRB- but on the grand scale of space blanket brands , you are getting one of the better quality blankets . For example , one of the cheaper brands I have tried experienced flaking of the mylar coating after -LRB- admittedly -RRB- rough handling . The brand being reviewed here did not suffer from this flaking . Definitely recommended .
 If you are setting up a `` grab & go '' pack - the kind of thing that lives in your car or at your office , insurance against a manmade disaster like a terrorist attack or a runaway nuclear reactor ; or a natural catastrophe like an earthquake or a hurricane - you can not get along without these mylar blankets . You can use them as blankets , cloaks , tents , groundcloths and signal panels . They are almost weightless and as noted , very versatile . They belong in every survival kit , automobile glove compartment , and hiker 's pack . I can not recommend them highly enough .
 I have carried mylar thermal blankets along with me during my hikes to the north country here for decades . In addition to the many other uses mentioned here by others , I have used them before to actually sleep with just to experience it . And even though they are like curling up all cozy with a large plastic bag , they are nothing less than amazingly warm . Quite simply put , they enable you to radiate back as much of your own body heat as several wool blankets are capable of . However , there is one thing I feel I must add about sleeping with these blankets on a cold ground that does n't seem to be covered by other reviewers . Remember that to keep warm , you must have as much insulation under you as over . At home , our mattress more than does the job . Out in the wilderness on the cold ground we are forced to improvise . If it comes a time that you really are in a survival situation , or just forced by whatever causes to be sleeping directly on a cold ground , remember to put as many of these thermals , -LRB- or any kind of blanket -RRB- under you as over . You would not believe the number of hikers and campers I have encountered that pile on the blankets on top of them , while putting just one underneath . And then wonder why they spent the entire night nearly freezing to death . In conclusion , one can not recommend having these along on a hike or camping trip enough since they are so small and easy to tote along . Carrying one 4 pack of these thermals on any outdoor excursion is equivalent to toting 10 full size blankets . Something near impossible to manage in a back pack outing even if you wanted to . Considering their low cost , versatile uses , and life saving possibilities , one would be foolish not to pack them on any wilderness excursion , or include them as an essential addition in any survival kit . My own recommendation is do n't leave home without them , and , buy them here on Amazon in bulk rather than at a sporting goods store , where they can easily cost you twice as much ...
 I would recomend buying this things in bulk , as the reusable is just technical , after using it , its almost imposible to store them back in the original bag , as folding them is very difficult , but besides that the quality is very good ! .
 These came in quickly and was exactly what I expected . I am using them to insulate and reflect in a grow shed and it 's doing the trick
 These work great for emergency blankets . Ca n't believe something so light can actually keep you warm . Tried one out sitting on our back deck in 10 below zero and just a light jacket under it . Was not toasty but not uncomfortable either .
 I 've seen some confusion about which product people are receiving . I just bought one and it 's the Quake Kare blankets as described and shown in the photo . I have n't opened one up yet , but there are four of them and they seem to be good quality . Thumbs up.The seller I bought from was BigFlySports . Different sellers may ship slightly different products .
 I received my emergency blankets before the earliest expected arrival date -LRB- awesome -RRB- . The pack of 4 emergency blankets is small , light , and easily stored/transported . Each blanket comes with it 's own zip lock bag , and all four are inside a large zip lock bag.I keep them in my car during the winter/cold season , just in case I break down or get stranded when the real-feel temperature is 8 degrees.They came for quickly , and were priced very reasonably . I recommend them .
 I recently ordered the QK -LRB- Quake Kare - not Care as some posters assert -RRB- emergency blankets and all 4 arrived in a timely matter , looking exactly as they did on the site . Thus far I have not had a cause to use them , but I will be carrying at least one or two in my vehicle at all times during the winter , and when I go camping .
 I am an avid home gardener and need to amplify light in a small space . Mylar when it is bundled in the future will be known as transparent aluminum . It has made my growing area change from eyesore to pleasant . I hang it in a circle from metal hangers Joan Crawford or muffler hangers . Strong , durable and cheap from this seller at a dollar each . Oh yeah , to hang it I use blue removeable tape .
 These are for my father in law who fishes all night and it gets cold so he 's going to try these . I think they 'll be fine .
 I purchased these to use as a tent footprint for a hiking and camping trip to the bottom of the Grand Canyon . This product is just as described and much cheaper than an official tent footprint .
 So I finally got to use one of these ona recent camping trip . My daughter was cold in our tent despite the blanket she was using . She wrapped up in one of these under the blanket and actually starting sweating in her sleep . she was very warm to the touch while under the thermal . Could be used 2 or 3 times without issues . However , after packing and unpacking several times materials may tear , especially if used on someone who tosses and tunrs often while sleeping .
 These are of very good quality . They seem like they may be a little more durable compared to other brands . They are perfectly sized to carry in your car , or first aid kit .
 My daughter and her boyfriend are frequent hikers in a bad weather prone area . When I saw these online I thought this would be an easy tuck in item for her hiking backpack . They are so economically priced that this is a no brainer to have on hand for anyone who might experience power outages or poor weather conditions and be stuck outside .
 Bought for emergency kit . item is as expected . did n't open one . like that it was a 4 pack . 2 for Emer . Kit & 2 for car . Good Price .
 Good product for a fair price . These are easy to stow away in a glove compartment , a backpack , a first aid kit , etc. . . The 're small , light , inexpensive , and well constructed , and could just possibly save a life . Remember , the time to clean the gutters is when the sun is shining ... so if you get in a jam , and the temp drops , you 'll be glad you got these when you had the chance .
 It is hard to review this item due to its nature -LRB- I will not use it until if there is ever an emergency that would cause me to use/experience it -RRB- However , it looks like a good quality product . It is packaged well , for easy storage and travel . Great size to add to an emergency kit . And for the cost of four blankets , if they work in retaining body heat , they are well worth the 5 stars.I did receive the QuikKare brand , but that is a non issue regarding my 5 star rating . Do not review a product and give it a rating based on a Vendor 's Service -LRB- rather than QuikKare 's quality -RRB- .
 these are not the super flimsy , worst of the breed type ... these are better.The price is fair for the 4 pack and with other stuff and free shipping , I 'm very happy with these .
 We ordered two sets of the these Thermal Blankets -LRB- for a total of 8 -RRB- to use keep in our cars and with our camping gear . Since I do n't like to just trust that my emergency equipment is going to do what it is supposed to do , so we opened one of them up to test it out . Here are my observations : + Thicker than other thermal blankets I have used in the past , so it is somewhat stronger than expected + Good sized blanket actually covers me well + Reflects heat very wellI could n't refold it to fit back in the tiny Ziploc package it came in , but it did roll up and fit nicely into a Ziploc sandwich baggie.These are a good value for good quality emergency equipment!Highly Recommended!CFH
 This little wheel worked perfect for planning out 600 ' of fencing in the backyard . . However it is small , which makes any bumps or obstacles a minor annoyance . I also notice the reset button sometimes has to be hit repeatedly . However for a typical home owner this little wheel is easy to use , compact , and will probably last a long time . You also have to take care that the handle does n't twist and collapse while you are measuring with it . One time is all it took and I adjusted how I was holding/pushing it . Having said that , it is not anything like a bigger commercial grade measuring wheel . My father used a commercial grade wheel on a daily basis when I was growing up and this little unit does n't come close to it in usability and durability.All in all , I would still buy this one again for my small projects around the yard ...
 I use this tool a few times a week and find it acceptable for the job . I do have an occasional problem `` locking '' the extension pole . A good value for the price .
 It works OK . The handle could be longer , but it 's not flimsy . This measuring wheel is a good deal for anyone who does n't need professional-grade durability .
 The wheel is smaller then i had wanted . I do landscaping , and anyone who has used these , knows its easier to go over bumpy land with a small wheel . I would buy this again for money , Its good for mulch jobs etc. ... extends , gets the job done , cheap .
 This measuring wheel is simple to use use and meets our needs . It works on hard surfaces and on grass , even the areas that are a bit rough . A great value !
 In my work in facilities I used to measure a 70,000 sq ft. building counting ceiling tiles and a measuring tape . This job used to be tedious and demanding . Results took several days and were not accurate . Since I bought this measuring wheel , all area calculations are really simple and in a shorter time . I just have to get a piece of paper , my measuring wheel and start rolling to get and accurate footage reading in no time . Since I used it indoors the size of the wheel no matters . I guess this will be and issue if I were measuring a farm.I have been using this product for about two years and it has been one of the best tools and investments . Unluckily , the handle of this wheel is weak and I had to replace it with a stick of wood . Since then , it has been doing a wonderful job .
 Its the best price for my most used size . Fifty packs of 100 would cost $ 300 . I would add that I was skeptical about Kreg till I used them . I thought it was just another gimmick being pushed on a TV show I wo n't name . So if you have n't used the Kreg fastener system do n't worry it works great .
 this was a hard to find product , their are many products that look similar but are not . with a intake vent you do not want the same kind of a flap that you have in a exhaust vent or it will not suck in air.depending on your application this might be exactly what your looking for .
 This is a serious piece of metal for your more powerful routers . It fits tightly into the slot and does n't move at all . I am only giving 4/5 stars because it mounted my freud router at a strange angle which required me to remove one of the handles on the router to keep it away from the angle adjustment handle of my table saw -LRB- I have the cast iron router wing for table saws -RRB- . Next time I will just get an undrilled one so that I can choose what angle I want it at .
 I know little about finishing and I can rarely make sense of the products I see in the store , or even of the products I see categorized online . Turns out , it 's not just me . In a surprisingly readable work , Flexner systematically covers the essentials of finishing , taking the reader past the marketing-speak and poor product instructions , and laying out the basic finishing approaches , tradeoffs , and tools.As just one example , I was planning on using a particular MinWax finish which calls for a next coat within two hours . Flexner actually shows this particular finish , what happens if you follow the -LRB- incorrect -RRB- instructions , what happens if you wait longer , and why it works like that . He presents many , many options , but at the same time , lays out some basic techniques for the beginner.I read the book from start to finish , skipping just a very few parts , but the book is written so you can start at pretty much any chapter ; the text has many embedded references so that you can get more details on related topics.In short , this is just a very readable and useful book . I 'm so glad I got it .
 This book has lots of helpful info that not only tells you what finishes to use in your circumstances but how different finishes work , where you can go wrong and how to repair finish problems . He debunks a lot of popular myths and tells you why they are wrong.My facilities coworker who is a whiz at finish carpentry has borrowed this book so many times I 've decided to get him his own copy.If you have ever wondered which finish to use and why ... this book is for you .
 if you are interested in finishing this is the only book you need . do n't look any further just by this book you can think me later :--RRB- , , ,
 Flexner 's book explains in detail the different finishing options along with their characteristics . He also debunks all the old myths and hype while giving the reader the straight story on wood finishing . Get this book if you work with wood , you 'll be glad you did .
 Great book ... touches on about everything you would want to know to get started in the right direction . The rest is practice practice practice .
 An excellent book filled with information that explains why I 've had the problems I 've had with finishing my projects - If only I had known ! I 've waited a couple of months to submit this review and now that I 've finished a couple of projects using Bob 's book , I can honestly say this is great stuff!Bob goes to great lengths to explain everything from chemical and physical makeup of finishes to how -LRB- and what to do about it -RRB- different woods accept various finishes.I 'm sure I was like many novice woodworkers - using poly for most everything , now I know better and am getting excellent results and great protection for my projects , not to mention his advice has cut down on wasted materials . And one -LRB- of many -RRB- great eye opener was Bob 's comments on Gel Stain - this is great stuff!Get this book !
 Bob Flexner does an outstanding job explaining all facets of wood finishing . His style of writing is though he is in the room talking to you . He has a wonderful grasp of what confounds the nonprofessional wood finisher and he does a wonderful job explaining how to sift through the various finishing products on the market . I was pleasantly surprised how easily the book is to read and follow . I highly recommend this book to anyone who has struggled with trying to get a grasp on the proper materials and techniques of wood finishing .
 This is an excellent book . Detailed and useful . Pictures are great . One can learn alot , and will . The Combination of this book and Jewitt 's book are all anyone really needs . This book gives lots of background and substance , Jewitt 's is also great but more a very handy reference . Read both books and you 'll be well on your way .
 This is a great invention.I really enjoy the breeze now the screen has been installed . I purchased the white frame . It matches the door frame and it 's out of sight when it 's retracted.I have had a similar item installed in the past . Really enjoy using it on hot summer days.My husband likes to work around the house . It tokes him a little over an hour from start to finish . If you are handy , this is a great home improvement project that 's worth every penny .
 These screens are great . I ordered two sets of these
 Works very well . If your going to use it a lot then purchase the all metal version . There is some wear and tear on the plastic .
 This box of 1000 will get you started with your pocket joints and before you know it you will be ordering more ! Grab yourself a Kreg jig and get busy !
 I had seen this product in a retail location for more than $ 100 more than Amazon 's price . I liked the quality and the design fit with the rest of the fixtures in the bathroom . It 's an excellent product and looks great . The service was just as good . I spoke on the phone to the supplier who literally took a cell phone picture of it and emailed it to me to ensure it was the same product I had seen in the store as the web site pictured one slightly different in coloration . I also needed it quickly and he flagged my acct . so when I ordered it through the Amazon web site it was sent on an expedited basis . I could not be happier with the product and service experience .
 I need these for a special project . The deep threads and washer head make them perfect for joining two pieces of wood . I did n't need this quantity now but for the price I will keep the remaining for some future project . Overall , a good buy .
 I have been using Kreg products of a few years now and I love everything about them . I find that buying the screws here on Amazon is the best buy . I can no longer find them in Home Depot I do not know why , they have changed their dealers maybe?I am a bit of a late comer and a female so my knowledge is not that of an expert , but I do make some nice things for my home an I find that having the right screw does help.I do not know how I could have made such a big and beautiful chicken coop without these products.I do not know about you but when I am ready to make something I do not want to wait for a delivery so I buy big . I have several of these boxes in my shop just waiting for me.I like to use mostly the coarse screws I feel they just dig in stronger , some like the fine ones . Do n't get me wrong I do have the fine ones it is that they are not my favorite.You may think , a screw is a screw , maybe , but you would be wrong , these are unique in that the heads have a square hole , that can only be screwed in with square driver.The head is also larger than the average head because it is meant to be used in conjunction with the Kreg pocket hole jig . That is not to say these can not be used by themselves I have done that also . The head is attractive on top and does not deter from the look of a piece if it is visible .
 I love my kreg jig and am glad i got this length of screw because i needed something a little longer than 11/2 '' screw for some of the projects i was building with 2x4s . I recommend getting several different length screws with the kreg jig and youll really enjoy using it .
 They are no longer `` bronze '' or black , but a shiny silver colour.In addition to square drive -LRB- # 2 -RRB- they have added phillips drive -LRB- # 2 -RRB- as well . This could be useful if not using a Kreg pocket hole thingey .
 Item received as expected . So far , the screws seem to be high quality . I 'm using them to install mini blinds in a drywall encased window cavity . I needed the extra length to hit the framing studs . The washer head provides stability and a wide capture area to put minimum stress on the plastic bracket hardware .
 A good basic deadbolt at a good price -LRB- I paid $ 15 -RRB- . Installation -LRB- or rather replacement in an existing hole -RRB- is easy , requiring only a Phillips-type screwdriver.ADJUSTIBLEFor to the clueless reviewer who complained about the lock being `` non-standard ''
 Very easy to Install and it looks great locking mechanism is very smooth and strong does n't have smart key technology but its great
 Bought this Kwik set dead bolt to match our other satin nickel hardware and we 're very pleased . Easy to install and so far no complaints .
 You ca n't beat this for the price . I bought 2 locks and was pleasantly surprised to find that they both were keyed the same .
 item was as described and easy to use right out of the box . Very simple and compact when the handle is collapsed .
 I really like this product i use it to measure how far i hit golf balls , easy to read and its well built .
 I was skeptical to say the least ... . The tool rental company down the road from me rents these for $ 10.00 a day ... . This cost less than $ 30.00 shipped ! It is light weight but a wonderful product !! It is extremely easy to use , has saved me money the 1st week we used it . It came OUT OF THE BOX FULLY ASSEMBLED AND READY TO USE . No batteries , no thick assembly or user manual ! Really , it could not be easier to use . YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG BUYING THIS PRODUCT . DO IT BEFORE THEY RAISE THE PRICE !!
 This unit works great ! I needed a device to rough estimate both floors indoor and distance outside in gravel and grassareas . It is as accurate as a tape line and a heck of a lot a easier to use . -LRB- Always make sure you get the one with the `` Big '' wheel unless you will be using it indoors only -RRB- The price was right , the shipping time and cost excellent.I am very happy with this purchase .
 I coach a youth league - flag football . This unit lined up 5 fields this past season ! What a handy tool !! -LSB- ... -RSB- has amazing deals and purchasing is made easy on AMAZON.com
 This product works very well . I was surprised considering it was so much cheaper than buying it at lowes . You will definately get your money 's worth .
 Good value for the price.The measuring wheel is a durable product which works well.Packaging is not the best . Shipment via UPS Ground nearly destroyed the box in which the measuring wheel was packaged . The wheel was tough enough to withstand the shipping abuse.Good product for anyone who needs to do a medium amount of measuring .
 I bought these on sale for $ 5.99 . No typos . For this price the bit set comes in a handsome case and is worth the price . I have n't tested them out yet but will in the near future .
 I originally purchased the Milwaukee to remove the crankshaft pulley bolt on my Honda , but could n't get it off the first time . The garage torqued it way too much the last time I had the timing belt changed so I paid a local garage mech ten dollars to break it free . As it turns out , even the garage air impact wrench had a little trouble and that guy could deliver 600 ft-lb or torque . He retorqued it enough to get home and I was able to do everything else just fine.Everything else went well and the Milwuakee had no trouble removing lug nuts and other nuts/bolts . How much torque applied depends on how hard you push on the tool . The lowest torque is 100 ft-lb and I guessed when torquing the crankshaft bolt to 130 ft-lb . That and a little Medium grade Loktite should keep things nice and tight until the next time.There are similar models , but there are several things I like about this impact wrench above the others . The first big thing I liked is the variable speed which is nice when you just want to snug-up a nut or bolt . I also like it over the rocker switch since it is similar to working a drill . The second big thing I liked about the wrench is the switch for switching between forward and reverse . Again , this is a directional switch similar to a drill . The last thing I liked about the kit is that it comes with a case and a few sockets . This may be minor , but being that I 'm not using the tool all of the time , it 's nice to have it nicely packed away and ready to grab when needed . The sockets only add to the value since these can get expensive . With the current $ 25 discount for purchases over $ 199 , it only makes sense to spend a little more and get a lot more.I 'll be using it again for mounting a tow hitch and other general automotive work . Well worth buying .
 I ordered this milwaukee after returning a dewalt impact wrench from another seller . The dewalt was my first choice because its specs says it has 345ft/lbs of torque compared to the milwaukee of only 300 . But sad to say the dewalt ca n't even loosen the hand tightened lug nuts of my SUV . I had to bring it to a dewalt service center -LRB- which is 40 miles away from my locaton -RRB- to make sure that it is working as expected . Expectedly I was told it was working perfectly ! I decided to return it since I do n't have any use for it except for rotating and changing tires of my cars , and of course I paid for the return shipping since there was nothing wrong with it.Then I ordered the milwaukee from amazon -LRB- unfortunately it was only my second choice since it was less powerful than dewalt per spcs -RRB- . It arrived just in time and it loosened all my lug nuts incredibly with ease . From the feel alone while using it , it was far more powerful than dewalt . I hope this review will help those of you who are in a quandary of choosing what the best impact wrench for personal use to buy . Make no mistake like I did and save some bucks by going with MILWAUKEE !!
 I 've used my Milwaukee 9072-22 several times now , and it 's a great relief to have it available . I use it for DIY automotive work , and previously , I despised removing/installing wheels . It 's such a hassle to do with just a ratchet or a lug wrench.I ca n't be sure if the 9072-22 lives up to its torque rating , but it sure seems powerful . One of my vehicles clearly had had its lug nuts tightened by an idiot armed with a pneumatic impact wrench . The 9072-22 struggled to remove some of those lug nuts , but it eventually got them all.I love the variable-speed reversing -LRB- VSR -RRB- feature . This works as a dial built into the trigger . Turn it counterclockwise to reduce the speed -LRB- rotations per minute , RPM -RRB- and impacts per minute -LRB- IPM -RRB- , or clockwise to increase them . When I 'm installing wheels , I turn the dial all the way down , then tighten each lug nut until I hear 3 or 4 impacts . At the lowest VSR setting , the IPMs are low enough that you will be able to count them this way . Before relying on this practice , I used my torque wrench to see how tight this made each lug nut , and it comes out to about 20-25 lb . / ft. , which is ideal . Of course , I finish tightening each lug nut with a torque wrench . -RRB- At 6.0 pounds , the 9072-22 is not burdensome to use . And if you keep the trigger squeezed for more than a couple seconds at a time , it 's loud , but that 's what earplugs are for.The one thing I dislike about the 9072-22 is the pin detent anvil . The `` anvil '' is the male 1/2 '' square part of the tool that goes into the socket or adapter/extension you are using . Being pin detent means that to secure the anvil into whatever accessory you 're using , you have to push the pin down with some object -LRB- e.g. a flat-blade screwdriver -RRB- while inserting it . To remove the accessory , you have to insert an object -LRB- e.g. a small allen wrench -RRB- through the small hole of the accessory to push down the pin , while pulling the accessory off . This is n't the biggest deal in the world , but I find it to be a hassle nonetheless . I 'd much prefer one of the other anvil designs . My workaround has been to use a3-inch extensionthat has a hole in its female end for the 9072-22 's pin detent , but lacks its own pin detent on the male end . I keep this extension on at all times , even during storage . I thought I would have to cut away part of the 9072-22 's case to make it fit with the extension , but it fits , and the case closes just fine with it on .
 I bought this for a friend who is rebuilding/restoring my truck.The kit has all the bells and whistles needed to do most auto repair ; variable speed , forward and reverse , comfortable to hold , runs on standard house current , has great power , securely holds sockets , AND comes with six sockets ! I selected the 1/2 '' square drive because the majority of sockets on the market are made to for this size drive -LRB- without having to spend a great deal more money for the larger size sockets -RRB- . The cord also will detach for the tool itself for easier storage . Milwaukee tool storage cases are excellent ! They are rugged , dependable , and well thought out for the tool placement inside.Milwaukee Heavy Duty is a great line of tools . I love the 5 year warranty on the tool . Worth every penny you spend on this .
 The impact wrench works very well . My only complaint is that I have to use a hex wrench -LRB- not included with this purchase -RRB- each time I change a socket . I ended up putting a 1/2 '' Drive Impact Universal Joint -LRB- a separate purchase -RRB- so that it would be easier to change sockets .
 I have tried several battery operated and air impact wrenches , none of which could do the job effectively . This impact wrench removes and installs wheel lugs on my pickup -LRB- 140 ft/lbs of torque -RRB- with ease and with dial set at only half power . This has made my life much easier as I have a bad back and pulling on a lug wrench is no longer easy for me . Now I can rotate my own tires again ! I would recommend this product to anybody looking to speed up their work and make life easier .
 I read a lot of reviews before I settled on this one . It 's not the cheapest wrench , but the torque rating is among the highest and I 've been real happy with the quality and operation of my Milwaukee reciprocating saw . This wrench did n't disappoint . I 've used it on car and truck lugs and it knocks those off with ease . I do n't even dial the torque all the way up . The build quality is terrific . There are two improvements I 'd recommend
 I pondered long and hard before purchasing this impact wrench , as I will mainly be using it to change out summer tires for winter tires , so it was pretty pricey for this singular task . However I looked at all the Chinese versions of this tool and the reviews and finally decided that based on what I read that their performance and longevity was questionable.This tool works great and is very powerful . Like most professional tools it come with a great case and the sockets are a plus . I have only two complaints and they are fairly minor . The forward reverse switch switch is very easy to move into the wrong position as the detentes are not very positive so you can find yourself tightening instead if loosening , but you will figure this out . The other is no socket release either attached to the body of the tool or the cord.Did use it to remove an 80 horse outboard from a friends boat and it really made the removal fast and easy , so it may prove to be more useful than I had originally thought . as usual Amazon had the best price and delivery was quick .
 i bought this impact wrench and have tried other brands , dewalt , makita , etc. this tool with the included case and sockets is the most powerful 1/2 inch electric impact wrench i have ever used ! it is fast , comfortable to use , and very smooth and stable . i consider the price to be pretty low for what you get , and i love it !!!
 I needed an impact wrench to help me with my brake job . I decided to go with an electric model due to cost vs. buying an air powered one . The Milwaukee 9072-22 caught my eye because of the features , and because it came with a carrying case!The wrench itself is very well built . The carrying case was also a bonus -LRB- as was the sockets that came with it -RRB- . There was even a space in the carrying case for the included sockets.I had to return the impact wrench because it was too large ! The product description did n't include the length of the wrench , so I was a bit misled by the pictures . There was no way for me to position the impact wrench behind the rotors to remove the caliper bolts . In the end , I had to rent an air compressor and an air impact wrench to get the job done.If space wass not a concern , then I would have kept this tool for my other jobs !
 My only use is for changing the wheels on my car twice a year ... does the job just fine.A lot faster and easier than a socket wrench ... at a high cost!I 'll find other uses for it.Dave ...
 Great product . Bought it for rotating tires on all my vehicles . Loosened truck lug nuts that were torqued to 150 lbs . with no problem . The variable setting is great for just tightening enough before using my torque wrench .
 Got this after firing my auto mechanic . They wanted 1000 dollars to do the rear brakes on my GFs 67 mustang fastback . Yes , they are insane ! I would have never even taken it to them for that but it has the Versailles rear end with the 9 '' posi and while trying to loosen the bolts to get the calipers off I thought the car would flip over before I could get them loose . So after retrieving the car from the clowns I ordered the Milwaukee 1/2 inch impact wrench and broke them loose with moderate effort , I still had to run the hell out of this impact to get them loose but it got the job done . I replaced caliper , rotor and pads on the side that actually needed work for about 150 dollars . Have used it many times since and wonder why I did n't get one a long time ago . So easy to pull the wheels on our cars with this .
 Serious balls for an electric wrench.If you 're buying it for a specific use keep an eye on how long this thing is ... that 's the biggest difference from an air tool.Oh yeah and that you dont have to lug a friggin compressor around to use it .
 my husband had been looking around for an electric impact gun for a couple of mths . he had ask me to go online and see what the prices were . i decided i would get it for him for christmas so i googled it and the amazon advertizment came up . i was amazied at a milwaukee gun -LSB- electric -RSB- being under 300 but it was ! i purchased it right away and my husband was fixing to go buy one so i had to give it to him early . he loves it and it came with a 6pc . socket set for 201.00 . fast delivery too.can ' t beat that price anywhere . thanks amazon !
 I use this tool to chenge my car wheels it work great I recommend it .
 I purchased this item over 1 year ago and it exceeded my expectations . I am able to do a lot of my automobile repairs with no problems . This impact wrench has a lot of power . My purchase did not include the 6 sockets .
 I really must say this thing makes life easy . My wife was amazed as to how quickly I was able to rotate her tires this time around - usually a 1/2 hour job took less than 10 minutes -LRB- nice ! -RRB-
 I bought this impact wrench to take out tires for brake change . The power of this product is sufficient for the job . It would be better if it has a little more power . I had a minor problem with the forward and reverse switch . Overall , It is a good impact wrench to have in the garage .
 Wanted to purchase impact gun for years . Finally decided to buy one . To date tool has paid for itself in reduced labor costs . Great pricing and very reasonable shipping rates . Could not be happier .
 You can Buy Cheap tool 's , and I Have . But Never Got Any Use Out Of Them . So I Started Buying Tool 's That Cost A Little More , And started Getting some Use Out Of Them . Like Milwakee , It Is a High Quality Tool . You Can not Go Wrong With This Brand . It May Cost more . But You Do Not Have To Replace It For Y-E-A-R-S . And It Work 's Great Every Time You Pick It Up To Use . Which I take Care Of My Tool 's Anyway . About Like i Care For My First Born . and That 's The Truth . Polish And Wipe Off Every Time I Use . But That 's The Life Of a Tool . But Milwakee Build 's A Great Tool That Will Last You for Year 's To Come , with Out ever Wondering If it Will Work The Next Time You Pick It Up . They Are Tough . I 've Dropped Them , and Hard . Use Them Hard . And Continuos For Hard day 's Work . Sometime 's Not Putting Them Down . But They Never Let Me Down . So instead Of Spending Your Hard Earned Money On Cheap Tool 's , and Having To Replace Every Little Bit . Just Buy A Milwakee And You May Have It a Lifetime.Thank 's for Reading , God Bless
 Sorry , I ca n't review this wrench.It and all my other tools were nabbedby some unscrupled fool.The case looked good as well as the tool.They must have needed it more than me !!
 We were n't expecting the towel rack to be as nice as this , especially for the price . We had priced pedestal towel racks at $ 250 and up . Thought we would take a chance on this one , as it was so reasonable and looked good in the pic . It was easy to assemble and is heavy -LRB- about 6 lbs . -RRB- , so no problem with tipping over . It is also a very nice style . Would highly recommend this item .
 Overall this is a great product , easy to assemble and sturdy . The only down side is that it is not tall enough to allow a bath sheet to hang over without pooling on the floor . You have to first make one fold before putting the towel on the rack .
 This is a very nice sturdy towel rack . I was looking for a shiny chrome piece for towels that would allow a towel to be completely unfolded to dry properly , and this is it ! I was a little confused about the `` white box '' wording in the description , but when the product arrived , it is in a white shipping box , that 's it . Looks like it will hold up well through many years of service . Very classy piece ! Highly recommend it if you have nice polished chrome fixtures in your bath , as it accents them well .
 Tiny yet powerful . Useful for when you need a light in a small area but your nowhere near you usual flashlight . I have it on my keychain and I have used it a few times to look under my car seat or check under the sink in my dad 's house when i wanted one right then and could n't find one at that location .
 El producto es de excelente calidad y me fue entregado seg&uacute;n las condiciones de venta , estoy satisfecho con el mismo , lo recomiendo ampliamente .
 I 've had this tripod keychain flashlight for two years now . Saw it a couple Christmases ago and begged my husband to buy one for me . I carry it in my purse and use it often , especially in dim restaurants when we want to read a menu . We set up the tripod , aim the light at our menues and VIOLA ! Hands free light ! :-RRB- One of my friends just borrowed the flashlight to use during her lab final in college because they dim the lights to be able to show slides so the students ca n't see their exam papers well . Everyone in her class wanted one!In the two years I 've been using the flashlight , I have yet to replace the batteries . For the price , it is really a handy gadget that no purse or pocket should be without .
 I love this . I use it on my key chain because I live out in the country and it is pitch black at our mail box . My other one just went dead and this is cheaper to buy than replacing the batteries . It helps to see the key hole , it also helps me with the house keyhole .
 Great product to use when needing to shine kight on a particular area without the use of your hands . Also , the ability to split the unit into three different flaslights is very useful . The batteries also last a long time .
 I work in IT , and it is not unusual for me to find myself at a machine somewhere in our office building or at a customer site peering into a darkened spot in the device wishing I had a flashlight handy . I keep a flashlight in my car for other reasons , but it is very inconvenient to have to run out to the parking lot to get it , especially when at a customer 's office.I decided it would be a good idea to get a keychain flashlight for my work keys so I always have it handy when I need it at work . Our office is a secure building and I need my keys to move from department to department , so this is the perfect spot to hang a small flashlight.Having already discovered how helpful tripod flashlights are with theStanley 95-155 3-in-1 Tripod LED Flashlight , I was delighted to find that Stanley makes a similar flashlight for keychains . Buying the smaller version of the tripod flashlight was just a no-brainer for me.Already I have found the Stanley 95-113 to be indispensable . The versatility of being able to hold and point the flashlight or set it on its tripod to be able to use both hands is immensely helpful . No matter if I need to read the model number on a computer motherboard or get a good look inside a scanner or printer , this flashlight does exactly what I need it to .
 This item is n't bad at all for the price , i mean its a key chain so you cant expect to get some heavy duty flashlight . It gets the job done ...
 For the size this is a very bright light , I use it on my keychain and it is a good investment .
 I purchased this for my Father for his birthday . It is very durable and works excellent . I highly recommend this product to anyone . It 's small , on a keychain and it gives off excellent light for any small task .
 Neat light ! Gives great , bright beam , the tripod legs are sturdy , and the adjustment for the head is firm.Only two issues I 've had :1
 The product itself is very good and the light is very bright and works good . Like the fact that it has a on/off switch so you dont have to keep something pressed down to keep the light on . The only problem I had was with the weak metal loop that kept the light attached to the keyring . After a while , mine got weak and broke off and now I have to find a way to attach the ring back so I can put it back on my keys . Other than that , the light is very useful and I would recommend it to anyone for purchase .
 I bought this as a present for a couple of friends , and they loved it , as the other reviewers said , they are made of plastic , however this little flashlight puts a fair amount of light for its size , I loved it so much that I ordered one for myself , so I highly recommend it .
 This is a great mini flashlight . It is very bright and useful . I bought one for me and one as a gift . Highly recommended buy . -LRB- March 08 -RRB- ... I think I would work re-rate this flashlight to 4 stars . I still really like the item but both of the keychains that I bought had the portion attached that holds the keys break off . I still really like it but I liked it more as a keychain . Now it 's just a cool flashlight .
 For something so small , it puts out a fair amount of light . Very light weight . Slide switch turns on accidently sometimes -LRB- twist type would have been better -RRB- . All in all , worth the cost .
 Works as advertised , but pretty big for a key chain in my mind . Uses LED 's . It is handy if you need a small light source pointed in one spot but nobody to hold it . I got it as a combo offer with it 's larger version which I like alot . Would reccommend it you need a small light source .
 I ordered the full size version first and saw these later . I ordered them as stocking stuffers . They were a huge hit . They omit an amazing amount of light . They are small and extremely handy . Much better than the small penlights I have ordered in the past .
 I bought this as a Christmas tag on my Father in laws present , he really got a kick out of , It does work and the light shines pretty good for it being small . the legs fold in for easier storage .
 This product was a gift for a friend who is a handyman and he has certainly enjoyed it . They were supposed to send me instructions but never did
 Good little light . It will probably come in handy when I am working on various projects , it is small and very portable .
 i got less that 3 day it really cool but it doesnt have a glass or plastic cover on the flash light where it cover the led and the legs are different more plastic it feel like it can brake easy but it a key chain they break really easy will like if the inventor of this flash light put magnet on the legs so it can stick on to mettle so when im working on my car i can just stick on somewhere to use .
 What I received was not the Stanley flashlight pictured but a cheap imitation . The LED is plenty bright ; however , the flashlight broke within seconds of removing it from the package . The tripod legs were a molded plastic , not the chrome ones in the pictures , and one snapped off when trying to open it . Also , the key chain portion is in the way of the tripod making that feature doubly useless . I could n't post an image to the review , but I was able to find it on this link . -LSB- ... -RSB- I was able to get a hold of the real flashlight pictured and it is of a much higher quality . The legs are much sturdier . It has a much better designed reflector around the LED that focuses the light . You can rotate the head without feeling like you are going to break it off . The key chain itself is even a better quality.I suppose that is the one issue of online shopping . Beware of imitations .
 My husband works in the dark more than half the time . He has headlamps , tripod flashlights , LEDs , you name it.I bought this one because it 's a miniature version of the large 3 LED heads he already has . It was supposed to be a joke , after all , how bright could this little thing be ? Well , he loves it and carries it with him constantly.It 's bright enough to point at a road sign from his truck , bright enough to sit on the dash and read a map , etc. . Is it for use when a professional grade flashlight is called for ? Probably not , but for $ 8.00 , you ca n't beat it . And the tripod really works , too.I 'm going to order more for stocking stuffers , as a previous reviewer did . I like it better than my keychain Mag .
 This is a fairly small at 4 inches by 1 inch and is able to stand securely if you take the half-second to position it so your keys are n't pushing it over . The brightness is good for the size and the slide switch is fairly hidden when the face is in the upward position instead of the 45 or 90 degree position . There are many different colors to find if you look hard enough , which is nice if you like that kind of thing.The bad parts are minor , but that the sliding switch is a bit small and can slip from where you want it , meaning it 'll take some time to get used to turning it on and off without having it snap back to its previous position once you let it go . The batteries are tough to find because they are hidden , turn the head to the 90 degree position and remove the screw , and they are small hearing-aid batteries instead of the more common AAA which would have made it a little larger . The legs are n't as strong as you 'd like , and the feet do n't have much grip but that is probably to make it easy to remove it from your pocket.Overall , most people will be happy , if you 're worried about breaking it , there are more rugged flashlights out there , and if you are n't good with small switches , there are others with nice push buttons on the tail which I love .
 I got this for my dad on father 's day . He would always have a hard time while working on his car or around the house . And he now he uses it all the time . It has a great battery life too .
 These little lights are proving great as extra light sources for my table top macro studio.Removing the keyring lets them stand stably , and the adjustable head angle makes for great little spotlights . The LED gives a nicely neutral white light which serves me well for this use .
 Pluses
 I have had this set up in a large patio waterfall for over six months now and it is perfectly suited for it , large surface area , low profile , easy to access to clean -LRB- though I probably will not need to clean mine more than once a year since my pond is so small -RRB- ... do n't know that I 'd use it on a pond up to its full rating , but I 'm fully satisfied
 Many years ago I built wife a 400 gallon Koi pond . When it started to break down I built a new one about 40 % bigger and the old filter would not keep up . I had an extra so I hooked 2 together and still was often having to clean the filters daily . Bought this , hooked it up to the same pump : < -LSB- ... -RSB- > Which as a snap and that was the end of having to clean it daily . Now I can go weeks between cleanings.One thing to know . As it comes to you it 's not really ready to go . I first tried it and it would not sink to the bottom . You can take out some of the foam blocks in it and replace with lava rock , or what I did was just put a couple old butter knives from the silverware drawer in it and that took care of that .
 wow is was I have to said for this blade , try net day to cut brick , cut very good and has good as my $ 300.00 plus blade that I own , recommend very much and surprise for the price that this cut so good , I bought for second blade and cut better than my more expensive blade , the diamond itself is almost 7/16 tick , very very happy .
 We cave been using this blade every day on concrete and blocks . It is holding up very well . Also holds up when we cut concrete pavers .
 It 's a flashlight . Great light and small clips easily onto something and easy to keep in the car . Love it .
 Hurricane Sandy put out our lights for 8 days . I had the Impulse on my key chain for a year or so.I put it on the hat clip which is included and wore it around on my ball cap when I was cooking in the dark.Order extra Cr2016 batteries . It takes two batteries . I changed them once during the 8 days .
 This is by far the best portable flashlight around -- my cousin gave them as favors several years ago at a `` big '' birthday of hers , I have since bought one for my nephew , & several friends . The light is quite powerful , considering it fits on a key-chain ... great to have in a movie theater or to find anything in your purse . Makes a great gift !
 My kids chose this Princeton Tec light over the Photon to hang on their keychain lanyards . It 's larger than the Photon but the on/off button is easier to press . About the same amount of light . I like both . I keep one in my tacklebox too . Very durable , have used them for years and none have broken . Just need to replace the batteries -LRB- infrequently -RRB- .
 This is the 2nd one of these I 've purchased , maybe 3rd . Each has lasted several years , the last one endured a lot of hard use looking into small spaces in organ chests during a theatre organ restoration . I like the fact that the batteries are replaceable . It 's very bright and very reliable .
 This is a must-have mini light that could make a terrific and way useful stocking stuffer.It is made in the USA and can be easily attached to your car keys as I did . A hat clamp is also included for emergency hands free lighting.It is built to last , has an amazingly bright LED for its size , especially at night in the dark.I have already used it for a dropped item in a theater , and a dropped pen between my car seats.I bought six of these terrific lights , one for me and 5 for friends and family.Highly recommended ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The Princeton Tec Impulse is a bright light that comes in handy more often than you might think . Drop something on the way to your car ? Need to find a loose connector behind your PC at work ? Need to get someone 's attention in a crowd ? Anyone who says they did n't find a good use for one of these lights is n't using their imagination.You have several choices in colors . I would personally avoid the blue and go for green or white . The blue light , while bright , can cause some glare.My only complaint is the bulk . It 's quite a bit bigger than the `` throw away '' keychain lights . However , this is the cost of having a changeable mount and replaceable battery .
 I love red LED lights for use during the night because you do n't lose your night vision after your eyes have adjusted to the dark . It 's great in the house when you need to get up in the night , when camping , and in the field -LRB- I 'm a biologist -RRB- . Red light also does n't attract bugs like white light - another plus for use outdoors . This light has 3 light levels and then different flashing speeds for signalling . Works great . Can clip to a belt loop or even to a hat since it comes with an adapter for that .
 neat little light that is easy to manage and comes with a very useful hat clip .
 This was a replacement for the same light I put on my keychain a year and a half ago . It went with me everywhere , to work , the occasional dunk in the river , and 460 miles the appalachian trail . There are bright and bigger lights but I have n't found anything better that you can keep with you all the time . Cheap batteries if you buy in bulk.Downside 1
 This is a very good light in every way , except that it is a bit larger than I really like for carrying in my pocket . It works well , and does n't turn on in my pocket or purse like the other brand I had . I also think the clip on the end is great - does n't open too easily on mine .
 I purchased this light to replace an older one whose batteries would have cost me about half the price of this one . The older one had a difficult and temperamental switch , and was very user friendly . This one has a nice switch that works well , and is multifunctional . It has a snap ring so I can easily remove it from my keyring.Really , no down side . I plan to purchase two more with the white light -LRB- the one I purchased is red for maintaining my night vision -RRB- .
 This is a solid , bright light that works well consistently and is very easy to attach and detach from key rings , belt loops , etc. ; however , it is definitely on the bulky side . I prefer the Photon II 's size for my key ring but battery changes in the Photon II are an ordeal . So , I 'm still looking for an ideal key ring light . The Impulse will do for now .
 I use this light on the zipper pull of the jacket I wear when walking the dog . The light is easy to turn on and off while wearing gloves in the winter , the clip is easy to attach to a zipper pull or to a key ring and the light is plenty bright to help me see so I can pick up after my dog at night . I also use this light to see when I 'm trying to fit a key into a lock at night -- it 's a great tool for this purpose . In a pinch , this light is bright enough to read by in the dark . The Impulse Multipurpose Light also comes with a clip so that you can attach it to the brim of a baseball cap and use it as a hands-free light , but I 've never had occasion to try this accessory because the basic light works so well on my zipper . If I have any gripe at all about this product it is that it is just a wee bit larger than I might like for my use of it as a zipper-pull accessory .
 This is a great product - well made and very useful.It helped me a few times when light was needed . Extremely powerful for such a small device - get one -LRB- or five ... -RRB- and you will not regret !
 The best LED key chain light I have owned . The Princeton Tec Impulse offers 3 different light intensities among other options and is easy to turn on and off . The only problem is that the clip open a little too easily . I lost mine after 6 to 12 months so I tried the Princeton Tec Pulsar which is inferior to this product by far . If I ever buy another LED key chain light , it 'll be the Prince Tec Impulse .
 Ever want to go hiking and get up in the dark ? Then attach this littlelight to your hat or cap or on your pack and head on out ! I bought thisto use when walking the Camino to Santiago de Compostela , day hiking about 15-20 Km per day . But we headed out in the dark sometimes and this lightwas strong enough for me to see where I put each footstep and if I put iton flash mode , one of my fellow walkers knew I needed help ! I chose the green light but it also comes with other colored lights . I can see myself buying more of these because I want one for each of my key chains , and oneto keep in my car ! My sister uses these because she is a ` birder ' and itis just enough light to see but not enough to scare away birds in the early morning . If you think about it there are probably more uses !
 I saw this product sitting in the check out at a local guns & tackle shop , and made an impulse buy . What a delightful little addition this has been to my EDC -LRB- this now serves as my `` key ring '' -RRB- . This thing will literally light up a bathroom or an automobile interior , and works great for navigating a dark parking light or street , or locating the key hole at a dark entry way , or probably 90 % of your average illumination needs . For the tactically minded , the soft green light -LRB- mine has the green LED -RRB- wo n't carry as far as standard white light . So far , I feel this was ten dollars well spent . Time will tell if this thing will last !
 These are exactly what the doctor ordered . Seriously , my doctor told me that I would die if I did n't use these . So I do and I have n't . Excellent .
 I use these cartridges on my 3M 7500 series half facepiece mask when I 'm adding muriatic acid to my pool . They work perfect with no more wiffs of toxic fumes to worry about .
 This filter is being used when mixing chemicals to avoid dangerous fumes , to the point you ca n't even smell it inside the mask . Cheap solution that provides comfort to complete the job without breathing any chemical.Strongly suggested to buy more spares because once the cartridge its been exposed to the fumes for long periods you will start feeling a weird smell inside the mask , but they are cheap so this wont be a problem .
 The 3M 6003 Respirator works great at keeping organic vapors out of your lungs . I was installing a truck bed coating I bought at the local auto parts store and it had a VERY strong in odor . I contacted 3M and they recommended this cartridge and wow does it work great ! After putting the cartridges on the 3M mask I recently bought I could n't even smell a single odor it was great !
 I feel kind of silly writing a review about something as simple as suction cups -- ca n't imagine there 's that much difference in brands . However , I wanted to note that this was a hard-to-find item in the stores . I can always count on Amazon.com for odd things like this . I found exactly what I was looking for at a good price . The suction cups work perfectly , and there are several sizes for items of different weights .
 I bought these to replace the suction cups from a radar detector windshield mount . The old ones just were n't doing the job anymore , and the radar detector company wanted way too much for theirs . So , I tried these little guys , and they work great !
 In my town , I was finding it hard to find simple suction cups of assorted sizes . These work great . They were new and pliable and were sent quickly by seller .
 I wanted tiny suction cups to hold my wife 's fiber arts -LRB- Tortion Lace -RRB- that weigh only a few grams . These are unobtrusive and seem to be working just fine . If you want big suction cups , buy big suction cups . tc
 Have lots of various little window art to hang on the windows . These were exactly what I needed to accomplish my task , and very reasonable to boot .
 They stick well to both glass and smooth vinyl , sizes vary from the size of a dime to a half-dollar .
 All I can say is this was a good deal . We received all sizes for one low price !! Can never have too many suction hooks !
 I bought the package to use in my bathroom wall to hold sponges , since space is very limited . They work just well for the job . Few days later I found the same product in a 0.99 store , but I dont regret getting them here .
 I bought this for my self for my job . It is a great design . I 've had mine now for about 6 months . It 's been bumped dropped and abused . No more then would happen on any other job site . I 'm in the landscape business . Mainly I do lots of drainage and hardscape . So it 's being used just about everyday . I 've used other brands and styles and I have found this one to be my right hand man . This is my first one for myself . But I 've used older models and never had any problems witht them not working . One of which I had been using for a previous company for over 5yrs and it was n't close to new when acquired it and it was still accurate to the new one . I would recommend this to anyone that 's in need of a good laser that 's durable and almost indestructible .
 I 've had this knife for about a year and used it several times both for cutting scion wood and budding . It seems to be very well made like other Victorinoxs I 've owned . The blades snap open and closed with a solid feel . It comes razor blade sharp , and has a nice thumb `` rest '' to hold the budding blade from folding back on your hand when you are opening bark for bud placement . Both blades are beveled only on one side so you can make a flat cut on your scion wood . The only downside in my opinion is that there is no way to attach a lanyard - making it a just a bit easier to lose .
 I did not realize that Victorinox is the same name as the infamous Swiss Army nives . When I did some research and came to this realization I was commited to buy this knife . Unfortunatly it was not immediatly available . I placed a watch on the item and about two weeks later it was available . item was sent standard USPS and arived in two days , nice!Pros : Sharp2 bladesSpecial section for lifting barkSwitzerland Stainless steelCons : None observed
 This knife is great . I have purchased many knives over the years and Victorinox is one of the best . I usually do n't like to spend a lot on &#34; work knives &#34; but since this is more of a surgical instrument -LRB- for grafting -RRB- I ponied up and spent the extra $ 15 that I could have save and it is well worth it . Do n't be cheap on a grafting knife , you will regret it in the long run .
 Loved this knife ! It is super sharp and the flat edge makes clean , even cuts . The second blade is perfect for budding . Best deal for the price.George Ocegueda
 After I purchased this tool I discovered that it is the same grafting knife used by a professional in her rose nursery . It is substantial and the 2 blades are very sharp .
 My husband loves to graft his fruit trees and was so happy to get this as a present . He really liked the double blades . He looks forward to some successful grafts with this garden tool .
 For my first attempt at grafting I decided to go with a name that I 've carried with me for 35 years . Sounds like a commercial ... but it 's hard to beat the steel in a Swiss Army knife . I got 100 % success on my grafts by the way .
 My wife is taking a masters gardening cores and thinks this is the cats meow . ss so no rust and sharp as can be .
 Just received from the `` Swiss Knife Shop '' thru an Amazon order . It 's not listed on their web site that I could find.In perfect condition , unused or untouched . VERY sharp special tool for grafting plants . An older production model -LRB- I think ? -RRB- with `` rostfrei '' on both blades . A definite collectors item.Very pleased to have a copy . Bargin price too ! Brass accents are vey rare and look great .
 Very nice knife ! Too bad my GF lost it about a week after I got it for her :--LRB- ... maybe I 'll buy her another one !
 Looks nice in my kitchen . I am getting compliments . Was not difficult to assemble . I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon , and most of the times I am satisfied .
 It seems to be a first quality item , with good sharp blades that keep their edge for a good while .
 I got this as part of my dad 's Christmas , as he is a retired electrician . This is his first Swiss Army Knife with alox handles . So far , he has enjoyed the fact that they do n't scratch as easily as the classic red plastic handles , and has enjoyed using the wire scraping blade and saw especially . The saw is well suited for the kinds of minor carpentry that electricians often need to fit electrical boxes into sheetrock . The Victorinox quality is there , too , of course .
 I am not an electrician , but I like this brand . Its a handy tool to have around .
 I purchased this swiss army knife a little over two years ago and I still use it to this day.It is built very solidly and the blades come sharp as you could imagine . The quality of each blade is top notch and this knife was well worth the money I paid for it . I bought one for my brother , a frequent utility knife buyer and he loves it also.Victorinox makes nothing but quality products and it shows in knives like this .
 This pond filter and fountain head perfectly suits our pond , which is about 5 ` x8 ' x 1.5 feet deep . It keeps the water clear , and the fish just love to frolic in the fountain water ! We could definitely tell a difference between this filter and the standard filter that came with the Pondkit purchased from a major retailer . We highly recommend the Pondmaster !
 I purchased this filter three years ago and it is still working great . In the summer , I have to clean the two filters every few days due to the algae growth , but that is simple enough to do . Additionally , I tied a string/rope to the handle for ease of removal from the bottom of my pond . I would purchase this item again .
 We just moved into a house , inherited a nice 600 gallon pond . . We emptied it out , cleaned it , and put water back in . . It was still so murky afterwards , poor fishy . After buying this pump , and in less than a week , the water is starting to clear up really nice . . I can actually see the bottom of it , I see all the fish ! I 've had to clean the filter out once , but it 's expected the way things looked down there . I hope this pump lasts for a long time , do n't give up on me ! The added fountain heads are a plus . . I like that I can have one style daily , and the one that shoots up when we have company over . Very happy !
 The PMK1350 has been in the 300gal . farm tank for about three weeks now , replacing a 250-gph pump and filter . It is connected to the filter bed by a flex hose , a big advantage for positioning it in the pond tank . It clears stirred sediment in about 2-3 hours.The pump motor noise is not apparent beyond about 5-7 feet from the tank , with bubbler noise.We 'll keep you posted on its performance going forward .
 I 'm on my second summer with this pump/filter . Still works great and easy to clean . Keeps my 280 gallon pond prety clean .
 I use these for a full work day - they are by far the most comfortable ear muffs .
 The prime line product 22250-C , casement crank extension , gave my window cranks plenty of room to work properly . Happy to not have to remove the screen to get the windows open now ...
 I use chainsaws regularly in my job . These muffs not only do a good job blocking the noise , but are comfortable to wear . I used to use earplugs , but they would push earwax down into my ears and cause wax buildup problems . I would recommend these muffs .
 It works perfectly for what it 's intended to do , but it cuts out a very small chunk of metal at a time . Cutting out a hole for an 80mm fan took me about 30 minutes of work . Wear gloves when you use it , I pinched my hand the first few times I tried it . If you 're on a budget and need to get a hole cut in your PC case it fits the bill .
 This is the second nibbler that I 've purchased . The only thing that I do is use some silicon sealer to cover the handles so that it is easier to hold and I do n't get blisters when cutting a large opening .
 First off , I do n't really understand how you could rate this at anything less than 5 stars , because it does exactly what it is designed to do and it comes with everything listed in the description . Actually , it even came with a SECOND hardened steel tip as well ! The one I received looks exactly like the main picture , not the customer 's picture . I guess they may have made two subtley different shapes , but it does n't matter to me , because I bought this tool to use as a plumb bob . My only disappointment is that the plumb bob I received was Made in Taiwan , so if you 're looking for tools that are Made in USA , this probably is n't what you 're looking for.It hangs perfectly vertical , and that 's all it needs to do . The package even helps you out with a little picture showing how to tie a good knot in your string to attach it . The top unthreads , you pull your line through the hole , tie the knot it shows , and thread the top back on . I think this 16oz plumb bob is way better than the little 8oz ones they seem to sell almost exclusively at most home improvement/hardware stores . It hangs straight and settles very quickly to accomplish everything you need a plumb bob for . The only reason to get a heavier one is if you do a lot of big projects outdoors in high winds , in which case you probably do n't need an Amazon review to tell you what plumb bob to get . ; ^ -RRB- If you need some line , I 'd recommendStringliner 24162 Pink Braided Line Pro Level Wiz Line Reelwhich comes with a handy reel and line level and is Made in USA . If you 're using a plumb bob , you 're sure to have other reasons to have some dry line -LSB- mason 's line -RSB- handy anyways !
 Very happy with the product . Would be nice if you sold the string/cable for plumb bobs as well
 This filter and pump combination works great in our small -LRB- 100 gal -RRB- pond . I had hoped that it would eliminate our algae problem by itself - but that was n't the case . However the addition of a 9 watt UV light between the filter and the pump cured the problem . Pond water has been crystal clear for weeks even in our 100 + degree heat !
 As noted by other reviewers , the filter assemply will float without some weight added . Not really a problem ; I simply added some rocks . Other reviewers have noted that the hose did n't fit appropriately , but mine fit snugly , so maybe that problem has been addressed by the manufacturer . Overall , the pump and filter work as needed for my 110 gallon pond with plants and fishes . The water remains clear after two weeks of use and the filter cleans easily . The unit comes with two fountain heads . One produces a dome effect , the other a typical fountain effect . Unfortunately for my size pond , the typical fountain effect throws water too far , losing about 5 gallons per 24 hours to the ground surrounding the fountain . Since I did n't like the dome effect , and since I did n't want to refill the pond daily , I use neither of the provided heads , allowing the water to simply gurgle straight up out of the pipe , which I ended up liking better than the effect provided with the two heads . Had I been satisfied with the fountain heads , I would n't hesitate to give this product 5 starts .
 Following a few years of significant algae growth in the spring we purchased on of these for our 200 gal pond . Well after 4 daily filter cleanings we have crystal clear water . The filter media is easy to reach and the whole cleaning operation can be completed in 15 minutes . Made in the USA ... which is always a surprise now days .
 I purchased this unit based on my previous experience with the PMK190 which has a fountain head that produces a very satisfying `` umbrella '' fountain effect . I first used the PMK250 with the `` bonus '' fountain head that comes with the pump . This produces an array fine streams that radiate outward from the head . The volume of water emitted from the head seemed rather puny compared to the PMK190 which has a smaller pump . The head is adjustable but the various settings did not improve matters . The solution was to make my own fountain head . The outlet on the pump has a 1/2 inch pipe thread . I bought a length of threaded pipe at Home Depot and several threaded end caps . I screwed the pipe onto the pump outlet . I then drilled a pattern of holes in the caps . After several trials I obtained a very satisfying result with a cap with 157/64 diameter holes in two concentric rings and one central hole . Except for the central hole , drill the holes at a slight angle so that the spray radiates outward . -LRB- It is easier to drill the angled holes if you purchase the end caps that have a rounded top . -RRB- This head yields a very satisfying volume of water with a rise of about 10 - 12 inches and a spread of several feet - and it produces a very impressive sound of falling water.Although I am quite happy with this system , I give it only 4 stars because of its bad `` bonus '' fountain head which is definitely NOT a bonus but rather a handicap .
 I have 2 ponds and live in a warm climate . This is the third filter that I have bought . It is has a great water flow and is easy to clean . I have had two of the three filters for five years and with regular cleaning , they do their job in the pond . I recommend this filter for people with turtles as they create more waste than fish .
 I have to turn my waterfall / pond pump off over the winter to keep it from freezing . I hate not to have the water circulating all winter though and this small unit is the answer . It is easy to drop into the pond and have a small fountain putting oxygen into the water . It keeps the water clear , too . The only challenge I had was that it would n't stay down and I needed to weigh it down and secure the fountain part . It fall over if the wind is strong .
 I have been through a few pumps for my koi pond and this one is better than any of them . The filter had my koi pond clean as a whistle in about 48 hours and the fountain is beautiful . I would recommend that you get an extra filter is your pond is not clear as you will need to change it out about every month . You can clean these filters easily as well but I did completely swap out for a new filter after the initial set up
 This pond filter has been running non-stop since It arrived . Absolutely no problems or issues and it is keeping my small pond wonderfully clean and clear .
 Delivered in mid October 2012 and thought it died by mid November 2012 ... I assumed that my GFCI had failed but it had n't nor had the new $ 80 pump ... it was in fact an open neutral to the pump so my apologies for jumping the gun , The seller made great strides to correct my perceived issue even issuing a RON number and I thank them for that ! Please disregard the previous post !
 Easy to install . Maintains pond in excellent clean condition . Find that small particles get into the spray head and plugged it up so I removed it . Will fix the situation by putting a piece of panty hose over end before attaching head . Hope it helps .
 I have a 6 x 4.5 foot pond , 21/2 - 3 feet deep . The filter does pretty good . You can actually work with the filter in any way you like . I am considering putting carbon filters in between the ones provided , or making my own for better filtration .
 We have 2 of these filter/pumps - one rated at 500 gph and one rated at 250 gph . We use the smaller one for the waterfall in our pond and the larger pump is used as an aerator , water cleaner , etc. . They come with 2 sections of tubing for extra height should it be needed and 2 fountain heads . We run the larger pump without a head on it for maximum flow.One minor problem is that if you do n't weight the thing down , it will eventually float . That problem is solved -LRB- as per the instructions -RRB- by taking the filter section apart and putting in some small stones . We used some flat stones in each of the 4 corners of the filter box and have not had a problem.The filter box is easy to unhook from the pump and the filter media are easy to clean out and are reusable . We just hose the filters off . You can leave the pump in the water while you 're working on the filter box . When you unhook the filter box from the pump , be sure to unplug the pump . That way there 's no problem with fish getting sucked into the intake . We 've never even had a close call , but if you have small fish and they get too close to the intake , they might get sucked in.We run these filter/pumps 24/7 and plan to run the larger one all winter.UPDATE
 Had a ~ 200 gallon pond setup without filtration and exposed to sunlight a little over 6 hours that was growing algae like crazy . Suspended algae particles clouded view of inhabitants of the pond . Despite frequent water changes , algae continued to plague the pond.Initial desire was to buy the 190GPH model , but after looking at the 250GPH model , the 250GPH model appeared to be a better purchase . The design is modular so it is possible to add additional filter box in line with the basic setup . Also , it is better to have a stronger pump which can also later help to pull water for ornamental fountains.Was afraid filter would be insufficient to address algae problem and feared UV filter might also be needed . However , after running filter for ~ 1 week , algae problem was under control and eventually eradicated .
 This system has been a perfect fit for my small backyard pond . The installation process could not have been easier . Once in place , the pump and filter have kept the water moving and clear . Cleaning the filter is a simple , easy process as well with necessary parts in an accessible and functional location .
 Pond was clouding slightly . This was easy to install and run . Cleaned filter each day first few days , amazing how much gets filtered out ! Pond is now so clear . Empty filter each weekend . GREAT buy !
 This is a good filter the only problem is the ad said it had a 18 foot cord when it 's more like 10 feet .
 When we bought our house , we inherited a 300 + gallon green pond full of live koi fish and had horrible luck finding a solution for keeping the pond clean . We tried asking around at the local Petsmart and Petco , both of which recommended hand pump and powered pump bottom sucking cleaners and chemicals , but none had a submersible pond filter . We tried these solutions and after emptying the pond several times and finding the algae and green water would keep coming back , we finally , we searched on Amazon and found this great pond pump that comes with a fountain as well . After just one day and a half-water replacement , with NO chemical treatments at all , this filter cleaned the pond completely . We had to clean the filter out after the first night but after that it 's been clean , the water is crystal clear , the fish are happy and LOVING playing in the fountain and we are finally happy with our pond . We wish we 'd found this earlier or that Petsmart or Petco would have recommended it . HIGHLY recommended !
 This is a reliable solution for those small ponds that get a lot of algae . Fountain head is very nice , the only issue is to keep the water to shoot out straight , hence 4 stars .
 Great product ! Would definitely buy again . . Works great no complaints . Fast delivery . Keeps my 500 gallon pond clear . Easy hook up and filter changes .
 This product performs better than I expected . The filter base does not suck in baby fish yet it cleans and is rather simple to clean . I bought it only for the fountain head and just love it . Since my ponds are rather large , I should have gone for a larger pump . I just wish that the manufacturers give an idea of the diameter needed to operate each of the fountain heads with a given pump strength , so that you could select the pump that best fits your needs .
 Do n't let the $ 547 price tag stop you and do n't put up those cheap copper gutters when you can have these premium real vinyl gutters ! These are the same gutters that were used on the Apollo space ships . Beware of imitation gutters that look the same and can be purchased at Lowes for around $ 11.00 each , I can guarantee you those will fail in as little as 20 years !
 Knowing nothing about the products on the market for foam and really needing to seal up my floor into the crawlspace , my attic and a detached garage ... i opted to ask the experts at Evergreen Home Performance in Rockland , ME -LRB- brilliant work on energy efficiency improvements in some harsh northern coastal climates -RRB- . This very specific applicator was their recommendation for doing anything more than ` just a few pipes ' in the crawlspace or attic . It is durable and will last a lifetime if taken care of . It is a very solid design and simplistic spray mechanism much like a paint gun . Clean up is easy with acetone and only required if you plan on putting it away for a couple months . ** Important ** Here are some tips from the pros that use this stuff every day
 I have in the course of my life had reason to purchase many foam guns before , even though their price has veried I have come to regard them as a disposable items . Not because I did n't mantain them as instructed , they simply were marginal in quality . I have recently had multiple buildings brought to or built on my property and I live in interior Alaska , so the use of proper insulation is essential . The design and durability of this gun is beyond reproach ! I have to date gone through several cases of foam including the fire resistance orange colored foam which I have been told by many contractors is harder on these units . Lets keep in mind that these units will get knocked down , perhaps off a ladder so it has taken its bumps and soldiered through . It has been a tremendous value . I don ' t see my self needing another one in the near future but if I do this is the one I 'll buy .
 I have this set and the metric version as well . The wrenches are of excellent quality and finish . Beware of lower cost knockoffs that do n't have an angled head and require you to flip the wrench over to change direction . The angled head saves your knuckles .
 Solid wrenches . They do everything you need them to do , they have the 15 degree offset and the reverse switch . the switch is much nicer than the gearwrench or the husky brand . these are basically perfect for any tradesman , the only problem with them is that even though they are made by crescent brand they are produced in TAIWAN . it does n't say anywhere online that these wrenches are made in TAIWAN . I bought them because I trust the crescent brand and I 've got a 15 '' crescent spud wrench made in USA that I love to use so I decided to match with some other crescent wrenches and I think they are perfect except for the fact that these are again `` MADE IN TAIWAN ''
 I absolutely love these wrenches . Build quality is excellent . I have used and abused them , and the only maintenance I 've had to do is a little WD-40 -LRB- 1 time -RRB- because I often use them in the rain . They are strong , will not strip , & do n't really scratch or rust.As a testimonial to there endurance , I 'm an electrician on new construction jobs . I 've had them for over 3 years , building 3 high rise buildings and numerous other jobs and they are as good as new.Crescent , is a brand that makes quality tools .
 Forget about moving the mechanism to flush mode , flush mode wo n't work well at all . . Take off top , remove filters and flush hard with garden hose , reassemble , being carefull with Seal . Seal may not stay put easy . Has to stay put to close the unit.Be carefull with clamps , do n't force . For the money , its a great filter . I 'm happy with mine.I 've had mine for 19 months.I removed most of the BIO balls and replaced with another course filter ring ... For more filtering .
 Buy the extra set of foam filters . When it 's cleaning time -LRB- on my pond about once a month -RRB- , I just take out dirty filters and put in clean filters . About 5 minutes to change and get filter system up and running again . Then I can clean dirty filters at my conveience .
 This is my second Sunterra pump . The first one lasted several years although my husband did have to `` rig '' it to work , after the clamps broke . Otherwise , for the money , this pump does a good job , especially for the money . Just be very careful when using the clamps ; they are sort of fragile .
 I bought this to perform a rather heavy cleaning on my pond . It worked pretty well to clean the pond . I probably could have used a stronger pump , but the one I had worked great . I am now using this to circulate water from one pond to another . The runoff goes down a waterfall . Cleaning the filters takes some time , but they last a long time . My pond has never looked better.The only thing I would knock it on is that the clamps for the top are tough to get locked in . I just put a little weight on it and am able to snap it .
 i had no problems with this filter . it was very easy to install . i would buy this product for my pond again .
 Pre filter on the pump requires frequent cleaning , just takes a few minutes , after three months still have not had to take the filter elelemnts out to clean , back flushing works great .
 These are great , easy to install with clear directions . We put shutters on our french doors and had to modify from the levers ... so happy with these and Baldwin always offers a great product . The company was easy to work with and great even when 1 came scratched they were quick to resolve and sent a whole new order right away .
 We are gradually changing over all the doors in the house to the Baldwin polished brass egg knobs . I am about to buy my last 4 . -LRB- out of 21 -RRB- Expensive little project , but never regretted the decision . They are heavy duty with a quality finish . They feel solid and sound solid . The egg shape looks great and gives those with arthritic hands a good grip . On our entry knobs - my wife got locked out and called a locksmith . He could not get in through the Baldwin door . Eventually had to get in through a basement door that still had the builder 's locks installed . The lock he messed with failed a couple of years later and was promptly replaced by the company with no questions asked . A great purchase .
 I 've been slowly remodeling a Town Home which the builder appeared to emphasize `` builder grade '' materials . Chrome just has this clean look that nothing else seems to match , so I chose these as the starting point with a new master bath.The good?Solid brass ; and they do mean solid . The handles must weigh a few pounds alone . Somehow a solid , heavy , handle is more satisfying to engage than the lighter weight derivatives on my other doors . The precise bolt action is also appreciated . There is slight , but reassuring , audible click when the door shuts closed . It is also faster , cleaner , click than on the lower quality spring action in the builder grade versions . I think this has lots to do with the presence of plastics over brass in the lower quality items.The bad?I hope you have an extra 10-15 minutes per door . You will have to futz with the setup more than the builder grade replacements from Home Depot/Lowe 's with the Baldwin brand name . It appears the builder grade I am replacing is less precise in certain areas , and you may have to break out a few tools to clean up some of the notches for a proper fit . The Baldwin also have a very clever alignment tool which prevents the door handle from `` sagging '' and sitting slightly askew while tightening the screws . Unfortunately , this is offset by the painful process of using 4 set screws to keep the handles on.In the end , you may spend a significant amount of money putting these throughout your home . However , the look is undeniably sophisticated and the high quality easily noticed . I would only caution you on the use of these since sometimes the door is less money than the handles you are putting on it . If you are replacing the doors as well , then this is the only way to go .
 An excellent product with good quality materials and workmanship . The knobs are quite heavy and have a great finish . I have these throughout the house and am very pleased . Worth the extra expense . It is also easy to install with no complex parts and the instructions are well written .
 This is the best hardware . We use it in an apartment complex where it gets LOTS of use . Well worth the money !!! Thanks Baldwin
 I 've been finishing drywall for about 15 years . Over the years , I 've used several different types and brands of knifes . When we are talking about an 8 '' knife . This one is by far my favorite . The Durasoft handle fits yours hand really well . The smaller size makes it far easier to handle - especially when you are in tighter spots like closets and such . It 's lighter so you can go all day without feeling the weight . I 've use brands from Hyde and the original Durasoft and while they are fine when you only have ever used them , once you 've gone with this knife , you 'll find going back up to the larger sized knifes to be awkward . One thing I like about it is it feels very similar in your hand as when you use a 6 '' putty knife.My current knife I 've been using for about 4 years and very recently dropped it and accidentally bent it with a ladder . If at that , it 's still usable until my new one comes in the mail . Highly recommend and would use no other.One minor problem is that being a smaller knife , you 'll probably be mocked by other drywall finishers for having such a `` cute '' knife . :-RRB- Takes a real man to take that kind of criticism .
 I own both the Durasoft and the Durasoft II taping knives . Both feel solidly made with good quality materials , but there are certain differences : Flex in original Durasoft feels a bit stiffer . Metal itself has the same flex in both styles , but the original Durasoft knife has an additional riveted tang which , I believe , stiffens it slightly.Durasoft II knife is smaller . The handle is considerably smaller - and smaller than handles I 've seen from other manufacturers . The blade length is also smaller due to the absence of that additional tang . The smaller handle forces you to hold your hand closer to the blade . After disliking it initially , I now prefer it , and I find it to be an exceptionally maneuverable tool . The original Durasoft has a quite large handle - somewhat larger than those I 've used from other manufacturers . A person with large hands might find the Durasoft II too small -LRB- I 'm a woman who wears size L in woman 's gloves , which is roughly equivalent to size S in men 's -RRB- . Shape is ever so slightly different . The tapered part at the end of the Durasoft II blade is about 3/4 '' long , whereas on the old style Durasoft that part is only about 3/16 '' . Combine this with the fact that the blade itself is shorter , and I find the Durasoft II much easier to get into corners without inadvertant gouging . Perhaps this would make little difference to a skilled pro , but for a DIYer I find it provides an advantage.Weight of the Durasoft II knife is noticeably lighter . The original Durasoft handle is hefty . Combine it with a riveted tang and the knife is perceptibly heavier.All in all , I would recommend the Durasoft II for women and for men with small to medium size hands . For men with large hands I 'd probably stick with the original Durasoft .
 If you are a gadget junky like me you can understand the frustration of only being able to use 3 or 4 of the outlets in your 6 outlet power strip . It drives me up a wall that all these transformer boxes for your PDAs , laptops , digital cameras , etc. are so big that they cover an unused outlet on your power strip . I had often wondered why the manufacturer could n't place the transformer higher up the cord -LRB- in all honesty I have a couple of gadgets whose manufacturers did do just that -RRB- . These little guys are great . The cords are about 12 '' long and now keep transformers off of the powerstrip . They seem very strong and made of a heavy duty cord . My only grip is the length . For my purposes 4 '' - 6 '' would have been perfect . This however is extremely minor.I bought two packs of these and I do n't know how I have lived without them . I would recommend them to everyone .
 The underside of my desk had several powerstrips but half the outlets went unused because of the oversized transformers . Using the Jumpers has resulted in the ability to use all the outlets and move the transformers next to instead of on top of the strip .
 It 's a great product . They 're working great for me , so this is a must have .
 They 're shiny and black and just the right length . They have a male end and a female end and they make everything fit just so nice . I 'm in love with them . They 've changed my life . Now all clutter is removed , and finally I can see the sun coming through.Warren
 Moves water 20 feet straight up . You got to love a low cost pump that can do that . excellent overall .
 Bought this pump to keep the water off my pool cover and it has been working great . Takes a little time because it 's just a garden hose but it does the job . Ended up with a flooded basement and used it for that too . Nice little pump to have around the house .
 I needed new handles for my tub . I was not sure of what size i needed so i thought i would give these a try . They were not to hard to install and they look great , better than my old ones . I would recommend these .
 Received on time and was a perfect fit . Would buy again . Received instructions with it which made installation easy . Would buy again .
 Good quality and match existing knobs . Easy to install and privacy for each room is now possible . Standard door locks with little keys to open from the hall .
 I recently purchased this filter to replace my Fish Mate filter that had served me well for years . The Sunterra filter is significally larger , with much more filter material . I was somewhat leary after reading the reviews already posted , but noticed that many had been done in 2008 so I felt an update was needed.Things have apparently changed for the better . I had no issues with the gasket , or the plastic construction . It 's very rugged , and I have had no issues with leakage . The UV filter seems to be doing very well as my pond has cleared up nicely.I am currently running with 3/4 '' tubing but I think I 'm going to upgrade to either 1 '' or 11/4 '' as the filter will accept that size hose.I would recommend this filter for anyone with over a 1000 gal pond . Mine is about 1800 gallon and has a ` medium ' fish load with 10 large goldfish and 2 Koi each over 18 '' long .
 My wife and I completed our outdoor pond -LRB- 550 gallons -RRB- in early June 2010 and have been fighting a severe algae problem ever since . We 've tried everything from chemicals to box filters along with Algae Eaters . We even just let the pond sit for a month to see if the algae would die . Our water would be filtered through a pump and box filter then down a waterfall for good circulation and nothing worked ! Every time we changed the water , 2-3 days later the pond would be a bright green color and you could n't even see 2 inches into the pond.We bought this filter in combination with their 2,000 gallon per hour pump and within 3 days we could see a slight difference . We were able to see the stems on our plants up to about 6 inches deep . Two days later -LRB- 5 total -RRB- we could see the bottom of the pond -LRB- 24 inches -RRB- and by day 7 , the water was crystal clear . So far , no performance problems . I 'll update this review if I have any .
 We bought this filter a year ago and it 's still going strong ! It helped clear up our green water quickly and helps keep it clear ! The `` cleaning '' feature on the pump does n't work as well as I thought it would . We still open ours up and rinse out the filter frequently , but overall , this is the best filter we 've ever owned ! It 's easy to clean and operate !
 Arrived promptly in good condition . The filter was very easy to install . It is working well but my ponds were really overloaded with algae . I 'm sure it will work much better after we get the lower pond drained , cleaned , and operable . The upper pond with two very large koi which is also closest to the filter is very clear and clean despite being bombarded with pussy willow ` blossoms ' .
 I have had this filter for around a month now and it is working great so far , although the water still has a green tinge to it it has started to clear some . The paper work with the filter says it will clear in about a week with a water change and that has not happened , but it is better than it was .
 UV light on first one did not work , but replacement working well so far.Like Amazon 's quick return/replacement policy
 I added these as stripes to our office space and I was able to accomplish just the look I was going for -LRB- retro chic -RRB- . The colors are fun and added some zest to our light grey walls . It was my first time using wall-pops so it took me a minute to get the hang of hanging them . The best part is that they are removable and can be reapplied over and over , so the product was very flexible with my beginner status . I am so glad I purchased them and will definitely be using them again . My fianc&eacute; also really likes our office and said we should use them in more rooms of our house !
 The cost of these was so good I bought a dozen to give as gifts . VERY nice on a keyring . When they arrived , one of the lights was ON in the package ! It would also come on all by itself while hanging on a ring ! -LRB- I gave that one away -RRB- ! The little on/off switch on the side is very useful . Ca n't comment on the battery life though . Swiss + Tech seems to make good quality doodads . I like it .
 Excellent small light for key ring . Gives a good amount of light considering its size .
 Bought to replace a Mag Solitaire on my keychain . It 's very lightweight and provides good illumination . However , the cost of two replacement CR1616 batteries in this neighborhood -LRB- lower Manhattan -RRB- runs around $ 9 , more than what I originally paid for the light . Also , replacing the batteries requires manipulating several tiny parts in a very delicate fashion . The instructions for battery replacement involve 14 steps , which is about 13 too many . Be forewarned if you are not a brain surgeon or watchmaker by trade . Otherwise , the translucent colored cover is a nice touch .
 Evcellent product-every girl should have one on her purse or keychain.Service is great !
 I bought several for Christmas give aways . Everyone appreciated the size and that it fit so nicely on their keychain . It was a great hit .
 This product should fill the bill in an Interior/Universal Design project we are finishing . This will be modified to fit into the custom sized generous wall pockets for our wheel chair accessible shower room .
 It worked exactly as I hope it would keeping my dog inside the yard and without having to splice one or more wires together
 The wire is much stronger than I would have guessed , given that it is aluminium . I strung 250 ' of it , pulling real tight between posts and it was straight and did not break . After 3 months , with plenty of rain , I see no corrosion . It still shocks the pesky skunks that probe the perimeter of our yard .
 We needed to fence our deck to keep the dogs from making the 6-foot leap to the ground . This wire was easy to work with and does its job well .
 This was easy to work with . Had the write laid out in no time . Product as stated and would recommend it to anyone putting up an electric fence .
 This wire is a bit on the springy side . I use it to tie things together , and it takes a slight over-bend to get it to keep it 's shape . It 's not like the soft aluminum wire that you bend and holds that exact shape . That said , it 's easily used as a heavy duty twist tie .
 Absolutely good stuff , no evidence of poor quality , very consistent in thickness , feel and quality .
 Exactly what I needed for the electric fence I installed . The extra wire is good for 1001 other uses as well .
 I needed something to hang up a light fence with . This wire is pretty thick an strong so I was able to use it to like a twist tie to put my fence up .
 The wire was just what I was looking for . It does n't rust and it has great strength . I 'm using it for a electric wire fence around my garden , it is strong and you can see the wire .
 I have four dogs in a large yard with a 6-foot privacy fence . I have one dog -LRB- maybe two -RRB- who is determined to escape by digging out . I found this spool aluminum wire very east to attach to my electric fence posts due to its flexibility and was very thankful that I could work with the spool without the wire getting loose and tangling . The wire works well and I have not lost a dog since .
 installs so easily , just enough for smaller animals , and will give the larger animalsa nice `` bite '' also without hurting them . works exactly as statedeasy to work with , and gets the job done quickly !
 Wire was as advertised and priced right for the fence wire I needed . Wire was well packaged and was shipped fast .
 I needed extra wire for my electric fence so I ordered the 17 gauge aluminum wire.Product came promptly and was just as described.I am quite satisfied with this product .
 This wire was a pretty straight forward buy . I needed to electrify a fence in order to keep a canine within the bounds of my backyard , and with the help of this wire did exactly that .
 If you do n't care to have &#34; Highly visible &#34; fencing wire , this fits the bill nicely . Great for keeping critters out of the garden , or intruders off your property at night !!
 I thought I was getting square items but they are round . If you say something is 13 '' x 13 '' that would be square and if you are advertising a circle it should be listed as 13 '' diameter.We are using them to post class times for our lab and they seem to be working fine . Sticking fine . I do n't know if they leave a residue or not but I guess we 'll find that out later .
 It works exactly as it says it does ! It 's easier with 4 hands , but could be done with one person . It was a perfect alternative to a chair rail for my daughter 's nursery .
 I hooked up these lights today and really really like them . I got six color caps which was nice . I 'm leaving them on with the daylight sensor to see if that works . I 'm ordering another set since I have a three tier fountain .
 when i bought these , i thought they were the halogen light ones to my suprise they are led only use 3 watts for the chain and very bright to light my waterfall up def worth the money
 This kit is great . The lights feel well-made and are easily adjustable.Also , one of the other reviews mentions that there is no photocell , so I ordered a separate one . However , when the Sunterra light kit arrived I found that the round black thing pictured in the center of the product photo IS a photocell -LRB- which turns the lights on automatically when it 's dark -RRB- , so save your money as one is provided with the kit.Overall a good value . I 'd buy the kit again .
 WOW , these lights are super bright.They work perfectly ; have been using them in my huge fountain for two weeks now and I love them . They use almost no electricity so I use the included light sensor that turns on and off automatically and they are on all night long as they only use a TOTAL OF 3 WATTS , I cant say enough about these lights .
 I purchase these lights for a bird bath fountain . They give off the perfect amount of light that I needed for this project . It is a good accent lighting . I am completely satisfied with this purchase .
 These lights are much brighter than our other underwater sets . The led puts off such a nice glow below the water making our pond look cavernous . Hubby is a lighting fanatic and has hinted for more !
 I needed LED spotlights for an unusual use . I placed this in the center , bottom of my pop up Christmas tree for spot lighting . It is bright without the filters . The colored filters knock down the brightness somewhat . This item is very ruged , well built , good quality connectors . After the holiday ended and the tree packed up , I wanted a year round use for these lights , they are now on a timer atop my breakfront , as up lights on the walls ... very modern sheel look ... and hey , they use almost no electricity .
 Everything snaps together . Drop in the pond and voila ! Great lighting effect . It comes with a day/night sensor that turns the lights off during the day .
 I installed these light about 6 months ago , and they are still working and look good . The length of wire between the lights is too short for a larger pond , however . Otherwise I like these lights . They emit a nice light without being overpowering . I have not tried the colored lens yet .
 These went in a 300 gallon pond that is only 12 '' deep . The lights install easily , work well , and look great . There is only 2-3 feet of cord between each light so if you have a bigger pond you may be disappointed that the lights ca n't be spread out more .
 Perfect and the best price I found both on the internet and at my local stores . Only drawback is that the lights do not have a photo-electic cell to turn on at dusk & off at dawn . A timer is required if you want them to come on and off at a specific time .
 My husband got these for me for Christmas and they are lovely . I put them in my fish pond and they are perfect . Having the different colors to cover the lights is a nice touch . The worked flawlessly through the freezing winter months . I would buy these again .
 We have three sets of these in our backyard water feature -LRB- waterfall , stream and pond -RRB- . They make it look so beautiful . We connected them to an outdoor timer with photoelectric eye , so they come on at dusk and remain on for 2 , 4 , 8 hours or dusk to dawn , our choice .
 This is a good product but does not have a timer with the transformer . You can get one of the outside for about $ 12.00 .
 The lights were easy to install ... the color discs make my back yard pond look fun . I would buy these again . These are great .
 I have been running these lights for a few months with no issues , I would highly recommend them . I am using them in a fountain base submerged in 8 inches of water .
 Lights work well . Would recommend these lights if you want to light your outdoor pond . Easy to setup .
 THE ONLY ISSUE I HAVE WITH THIS PRODUCT IS THE WIRING FROM ONE LIGHT TO ANOTHER SHOULD BE LONGER , IT MAKES IT DIFFICULT TO PLACE THE LIGHTS IN THE POSITION YOU WANT THEM TO BE IN YOUR POND , I DO N'T KNOW WHY SUNTERRA NEEDS TO BE SO CHEAP WITH THEIR WIRING . JUST ADDING TWO FEET OF WIRING WOULD MAKE THIS A 5 STAR PLUS PRODUCT . THE LIGHTS WORK GREAT , I HAVE TWO IN MY POND AND ONE BEHIND A WATERFALL AS A BACKLIGHT AND IT WORKS VERY WELL . I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT FOR A SMALL TO MEDIUM SIZE POND .
 Using these lights on my small 400 gallon Koi pond . It 's decent but light output not as good as I would like . Have had it for a while and not a single problem so far and the light sensor works perfectly . Good for small pond .
 These were a replacement for a similar set that used halogen bulbs which were expensive to replace . This led set casts a nice white light in my pond , while not as bright as the halogens it is definitely enough light for my 250 gallon setup . The bulbs do not get nearly as hot as the halogen , which may or may not be a reason for the high failure rate . The cord between the each light is about 2 feet . The lights are weighted and easy to adjust . They come with the color shades that are easy to add or remove . They just pop on without having to disassemble the light itself . The photo eye works well but can also be removed very easily if you do n't need it . I was hesitant to purchase a set of led lights but I am glad that I did.Update
 Nice set of lights . Good dispersion in water . Only gripe is the length of the cord from the first light to the sensor . Needs to be about twice as long -LRB- 6/8 ft 12/16 -RRB- to reach into bigger ponds from the wall socket .
 Length :
 I have purchased over 10 Sunterra lights in the last year . They hold up well , and are indeed waterproof for total submersion - provided you make sure the plastic lens is perfectly aligned with the gasket - otherwise , they will leak . I give them 4 out of 5 stars , because the photo is deceptive . When you purchase individual lights , each comes with a 6 ' cord . This set of 3 has them hard wired together in a daisy-chain series . Each lamp is only about 4 ' from the last one , so it severely limits placement in a pond larger than 6 ' diameter .
 This set of Sunterra lights is much better than the old egg-lites by calpump . The design seems to keep water away from the bulbs so we expect much better life and performance . One of the 3 bulbs was not working upon installing . Sunterra is supposed to send us a replacement . We use these in a small fountain with a timer turning the set on/off . They had been in about a month .
 These are great underwater lights . I am using them off the dock in my back yard -LRB- underwater -RRB- to attract fish -- these are mostly sea bass which are attracted to the lights and we get to watch them grow . Now and again a manta ray , shark or an occasional seal comes by !
 The manufacturer was n't sure if it would stay sealed at 8-ft of water , but it had no problem lighting our deep hydraulic tank .
 A great way to highlight a pond . Lights are bright , plenty of colors to choose from , and the day/night sensor works great !
 Much better than the standard 5 or 10 watt halogen bulbs , these are still working perfectly after months under water . My fourth set of lights for our pond and the fist LEDs , will probably not have to buy another set for years .
 After 2 weeks submerged in my fountain , these lights are working perfectly . I 'll update this review if I have any issues with them . The brightness of the lights are perfect for my application . They are in the bottom of a 3 tier fountain in about 18 inches of water . I think they would work perfect for a pond as well . The dusk/dawn sensor is included and works great . Also included are 3 sets of 4 different colors lenses that simply snap over the light . Changing them is very easy . I highly recommended this product .
 I liked these lights so much I ordered a second set . Very cool to see our fish cruising around the pond at night .
 I have a medium size pond near my front entrance that I like to show off as guests arrive . At night , I light it up and back light the waterfall . The pond 's fountain and waterfall run 24/7 , 365 days a year . In the past , I had regular underwater halogen lights from one of the major pond pump and pond supply companys . They worked well , but the 20W blubs seemed to burnout quickly and the seals leaked so that the light socket rusted far too quickly . I bought these LED lights to see if they would last longer . So far , so good . The light is very bright . I would say they are almost as bright as the halogen . If they are not as bright , they are at least 90 % as bright . Plus , they should consume less energy . They work well with clear lenses . I have not tried them with colored lenses . The photo light sensor turns them on at dusk . Love it . Now if they do n't rust under water for at least three years they will be awesome . I would buy these again based on the quality . I wish the cord between lights was longer , but I fixed that by adding cord . Good product . -- Update -- _ 3/3/2012I have had these installed for over a year now . I would buy this again in heatbeat . One of the best decsions I have made . I have not had one single issue with them the LED lights are still going strong and the remote eye is still controlling the on/off function at dusk perfectly . LOVE THEM !
 I gave this a four because the colored lenses only cover the top and the white light is very bright . Easy installation and adjusting the angle of the lights is very easy . My two frogs love to sit on the lights at night .
 compat size and lens choices gives variety . only drawback is that the transformer must be in protected environment and cord from lights to transformer is not that long . otherwise great .
 I bought these lights for a very large water fountain and they work just perfect . Color can be easily changed by the included color discs . The lights are adjustable and have plenty of wire between each light for placement . I have them set up on a timer . The lights are very reasonably priced . So far no complaints .
 This is a nice set of lights to light a small fountain or waterfall . They are built very well , not overly bright but bright enough . Would highly recommend .
 Love this product . While searching for one , this particular one `` jumped out at me '' as being exactly what I wanted .
 Got this as a replacement for another baldwin door set that I had.It 's very sturdy and easy to install.I would definitely recommend Baldwin over Schlage or Kwikset as the parts are much sturdier.I want to give it five stars but I 'm replacing a set that broke so I 'm only going to give it 4 stars .
 I purchased this with a matching lock for our front door to match the hardware on some other newly installed Pella doors . I wanted one lock separate from the handle and I wanted the lever handle that I could press down with my elbow if my hands were full . This is perfect . The Pella salesman told me that Baldwin would be the closest in quality to what Pella sells and while the design is n't exactly the same , its so close you 'd have to see them side by side to notice . They are beautiful , I love the bronze and how the finish changes with handling . The quality is also far superior to the other brands you can buy in the bog box hardware stores .
 Replaced most of my door hardware in 2005 . No problems . Durable and beautiful . Finish is rich without change in heavy use areas . I have problems with my hands and when I am experiencing stiffness or pain this set is still easy to manipulate and manage . I am a mother and find the lever of great benefit when my hands are full with laundry or dishes.I am a consumer who does not enjoy shopping . I like to buy exactly what I desire and then not have to shop again ... period . This product meets this philosophical approach to accumulation of wealth . I am finally in a position to complete all of the handles in the house and have purchased the last few handles that needed replacement .
 We purchased this Covercraft Cable & Lock Kit directly from Covercraft -LRB- 800-426-8377 -RRB- . We were referred to them by Global Accessories -LRB- 800-950-9502 -RRB- , whom we purchased our LeBra Car Cover from.According to the directions
 I purchased this cable and lock for my S2000 's car cover . I bought a $ 300 cover and oddly enough it didnt come with anything to lock it to the car . The product is exactly what you would expect , a coated steel wire cable and lock . The lock and cable probably could be defeated with some heavy duty cutters but that 's to be expected with any of these products.Pro 's
 I ordered this to keep my cover not only secured , but also to keep it from getting stolen . The actual lock has a protective plastic cover to keep from scratching your car and the cable has a protective sheath to also protect against scratches . The cable is a bit long for my car , but you can make a not at the end of the one side to cinch the cable tight to keep from blowing off . The wind was howling at my park and ride the other day and the cover stayed perfectly on the car . Very happy for such a low price .
 works great . the protected rubber lock cover saved my paint once when the car cover blew around on a windy day and the lock did not scratch my car at all . As you know , the cable and lock is to protect your cover from easy theft and not a strap . Recommend highly .
 This would be better if the lock were bigger and the cable shorter . Also it should have come with the Gust Guard Kit included with the initial purchase . After all this cover cost me $ 161.00 .
 Arrived on time with great packaging .1 lock and 2 keys supplied . Keeps my cover on the car in winds . Works like it is suppose to .
 Got the cable and locks fast and they are as described . The company I purchased my car cover did n't have these in stock but this product was less expensive anyway
 Cable locking kit works great with my car cover . It alsohelps the cover stay in place during a winding day.Thanks ,
 I 've been using Covercraft car covers for years and have never needed the cable . We now keep one of our cars at our weekend house and I keep a car cover on it during the week . It gets very windy and I would frequently come out to find the cover was blown off the car -LRB- yes ... very strong winds ! -RRB- . I got tired of dealing with that , so pulled out the rope that the sent with cover . That was useless , as it did n't hold . So I bought the cable . Works perfectly . We week after I used it the first time , we had another storm with high winds . All the covers were blown off the lawn furniture , but not the car . I 'm very happy!I noticed comments about the strength of the cable and that someone with bold cutters could cut through the lock and or cable . That is probably true . But I do n't think this product is intended to be a major theft deterrent . If you 're worried about someone stealing your car cover , maybe you need to think about where you 're parking your car ! Like most things , if someone wants to steal it ... they will find a way . I 'd rather have someone easily cut through a cable and steal the cover than get frustrated and damage my car ... but that 's me .
 This item is of good quality , is very sharp and has solved the problem that I had of trying to create nice neat holes without making due with a drill bit or hole saw . This is an item that I should have purchased years ago .
 This is a reasonably priced punch set that is toughenough to last . I did not try it on anything metal butit works well on gasket rubber and cork
 Very handy and worth the price gets the Job done quick and has worked for over a yr now with no problems .
 Received the kit and immediately noticed it was made in the U.S.A. . More precisely Racine Wisconsin . The kit was made by Lang Tools and comes in a nice blow molded case . Included in the case was some gasket material . The driving mandrel and punches all appear to be machined excellent and made of good quality steel . The punches are very sharp . The mandrel and punches are all engraved with size and country of origin -LRB- USA -RRB- . Included with the kit are the following punch sizes , 1/4in . , 5/16in . , 3/8in . , 7/16in . ,1 / 2in. , 9/16in . , 5/8in . , 3/4in . , 7/8in . , 1in . . I wish I would have purchased this kit years ago and am very happy it 's not foreign crap .
 I bought this little compressor for its portability at WalMart over 8 Yrs ago . It is a great little compressor , when used like it should be . Last week it stopped pumping past 60 PSI , I disassembled and noticed the cylinder and ring were bad . The great thing about buying a name brand is that the manufacturers sell parts to fix them . $ 35.00 for the new piston and cylinder assembly and its back up and running like new . Do n't be fooled by the others who rate this compressor low , they are amateurs who probably overuse a little compressor and do n't know how to repair their own equipment , otherwise they would rate this a 5 star also .
 I have had this compressor for roughly 10 years . On amazon looking for a replacement belt and noticed the horrible reviews . Maybe they are building them differently . This is only my second time replacing the belt , and it gets moderate use I would say .
 Cant beat the price , litterally you cant , I could buy direct from a bosch distributor and it would cost me 40-60 bucks more . Great tool for trailer manufacturing where electricity is not an option
 Bosch 7561-118 Orbital Action Pneumatic Jigsaw w / Tool-Free Blade ChangeI purchased this tool two months ago and found it is just as I expected . I was a bit concerned about the quoted air consumption -LRB- 27.5 CFM -RRB- but my 17.5 CFM compressor runs it o.k. . The tool is lighter than an equivilant electric unit and has a low handgrip for stable handling . The orbital blade acction is a must and the Bosch blade changing system is very simple . The only negative is there is no method of removing the swarf from in front of the tool as it 's cutting . The older electric version had an adjustable draught directed at the cutting edge . Overall , it 's a fine tool .
 I 've owned this tool for about 3 years and truly love it . It is very quiet for a pneumatic tool . It is also extremely smooth , the smoothest of any jig saw I 've run . The power rivals that of the best electric jig saw . It is really good for cutting metal and fiberglass , both of which raise issues with electric saws . There are two draw backs that make it less than perfect . It uses a lot of air . It takes all that my 5 hp -LRB- industrial -RRB- compressor can deliver . This makes it unsuitable for most home garage-shops . A small drawback is the fact that as an air tool , it should have a better system for blowing chips away from the blade area while cutting .
 I got this tool for a wonderful price on sale for $ 0.49 a piece . So , I bought 10 for gifts . it 's a lightweight handy tool . Ive had it on my keychain for less than a week and have found a use for it several times .
 The Swiss + Tech Screwz All 4-in-1 Multi Tool is a nicely compact tool containing four screwdrivers , including : * Very small Flat -LRB- # 1 -RRB- * Very small Philips -LRB- # 1 -RRB- * Large Flat -LRB- # 2 -RRB- * Large Philips -LRB- # 2 -RRB- The drivers fold out and make a `` T '' to provide a nice grip to get more torque.The keyring can be removed fairly quickly to allow the tool to be used without the keys getting in the way , and the design prevents the keys from falling off when the tool is detached.Overall , a handy tool - recommended !
 I bought this peel and stick boarder to replace the wallpaper boarder in my kitchen . I was not sure it was going to look . It looks AWESOME ! The color matches perfectly to the color of the walls in the eat in kitchen area . It looks smooth like paint and wipes off easy . I would recommend this product if you do n't want to deal with wallpaper .
 the neck of this tool was too short to reach the screws i needed . but no problem because i simply ground the metal down and created a longer neck . overall food product !
 Used this -LRB- TORX T6 -RRB- to change out HD on my Macbook . Worked well , no complaints . Just wanted to point out though that these are just the bits and there is no shaft or handle included -LRB- basically , you get what 's in the picture shown -RRB- . But I was pleased with the purchase .
 Nice price & fast shipping . Exactly as described . I would recommend this if you need small torx drivers . Great for taking apart computer disk drives .
 When working on PC 's and Servers these are a must and the price is right ! Much cheaper than going to a local hardware store to buy and as with most tools they should last forever , unless you lose them like I do from time to time . Highly recommended !
 I needed to upgrade the memory on a computer that I got at an auction but it had the little weird fasteners that I could n't figure out . After a little research i found the name of the screw being used and sure enough , Amazon.com had them ready for me . Great for people who tinker with electronic components and do-it yourselfers
 For those that need different torx screwdrivers -LRB- which can be used for many high-tech products , such as an XBox360 , cel phone , etc. . This is definitely the best bang for the buck . I have a few screwdrivers which have replacible tips , so this seemed a logical decision . And in addition to having screwdriver tips , it even has an adapter so you can use with a socket wrench , which was another added bonus !! If you 're thinking of purchasing more than one torx screwdriver and have an option of replacible tips at home , then this will turn out to be a bargain .
 I bought these mainly so I could fix a sticky button on my 360 controller and they did the trick . They do what they need to and have no flaws that I can tell .
 I had a hard drive die on me and I usually take them apart and scratch up the platters before throwing them out and after harvesting the magnets . Normally I try to chew my way through the screws with an old , sharpened flat head screwdriver but after having several HDs die on me recently I decided to stop hurting my hands and just break down and buy the proper bits.My reluctance to buy the bits came from that I could n't find a conclusive reference to know which size torx to use , and the sets sold in the stores require buying 100 other useless bits with it , so this set here was just right . I 've had read that T8 is the typical size but I accidentally discovered the T9 in this set also fit into the outer screws . I encountered several smaller screws on the inside requiring the T7 inside so I was glad I bought the set instead of just the $ 2 T8 by itself.The edges of the stars are nice and sharp , i.e. not rounded and dull like some of the cheaper multi-bit sets I 've seen in stores . The socket wrench/ratchet screw driver adapter fit snugly and also fits my other 1/4 inch hex bits which can come in handy . Overall great product !
 I use these when doing warranty work on name-brand computer laptops . There often seems to be one screw inside a laptop that uses a secure torx bit . This is worth the investment ten times over for the trouble that it saves me by having the set .
 They 're cheap and good at what they do . Quality was better than I expected for the price , but be careful when using the small bits because they seem like could break or strip easily .
 I bought this set to take apart my cell phone and they are a good fit . They work just fine .
 No problems with these bits . Now I can unscrew the cover plates of old hard drives .
 I needed one specific size of security Torx bit to open the case on an electronic item . I first started looking at individual security Torx drivers but instead found this set of 7 bits for barely more than the price of one or two individual drivers . It was delivered quickly ; the set appears to be of high quality and the holder keeps the bits organized and holds them tightly . Very pleased with this purchase and now have an economical assortment of security bits .
 This is exactly what I needed , I needed to open up my playstation 3 to clean up the internal components . These are some good quality bits and could n't be more pleased with the price .
 These are what you need to repair those electronic-devices which you otherwise could not even take apart . A must-have for anyone even slightly tech-savy .
 I bought other cheap sets to do what I needed done but they all sucked . These however are made perfectly . the casting is clean and fits every screw I tried them in . wish I would have found these first before wasting money on the others .
 Needed and only used 1 of these bits really . That was to take apart my xbox controller . But this has become quite useful and I recommend this .
 We needed some of these rare heads for a ps3 repair and they worked great . They were just what we needed !
 I bought this set for the second smallest size to dissasemble my Benchmade knives for cleaning and just to keep them tightened up . So far a very good purchase .
 I purchased this set to disassemble several hard drives . The needed Torx size , I believe it was T8 is near impossible to find locally . This set worked perfectly for my needs .
 I used these to open up my iMac and replace the hard drive , they work as expected without breaking the bank .
 Ignore the bad reviews for this product , if your experienced in handling small time tools , then you shouldnt have any problem with these tools , these work perfect and did not break at all on me . Just know how much pressure to apply as any tool .
 The bits are shaped properly and have stood up to a few uses . I recommend you use this if you 're looking for bargain security bits .
 I got these to open up my xbox 360 controllers . And they work!Quality metal , handy plastic holder ... it 's a good product .
 good for the price but too thick to be able to open up the 360 or its controllers . they 're very short so do n't expect to be getting any deep screws , 1 inch or more , other than that they are fine
 I purchased this kit to open the XBOX360 contoller and it was able to do the job . I did have to drill the bottom holes to open them up a bit to get the bit to fit . Once that was done it worked fine . This is a nice kit to keep around for the price .
 I 'd recommend this company becuase they not only informed when they were going to send it to me , Per my request , but I received it faster than I thought I would receive it so ... I will do business with them in the near future being that I 'm a handyman ... as well as a computer buff ... thanks again
 Paid less than ten dollars for this set of high quality torx screwdriver heads . even comes with the universal head selector .
 I got this to disassemble a 200GB hard drive for security reasons prior to throwing it away , and it did the job . One bit -LRB- I think it was T8 -RRB- took off the back cover and also removed the two platters . The drivers and case make a very small package easily tucked away in my toolkit .
 For those people who are concerned about preventing their data falling in the hands of others , destroying old hard drives is a must . Unfortunately the screws on the drives are a special type . This toolset lets those people disassemble old drives to destroy the platters for a fraction of the price of other toolsets with the same bits .
 I had a bunch of old hard drives that I wanted to disassemble . I 'm definitely glad I got this set . I thought I 'd only be using the T9 from what I read on forums , but many of the hard drives I 've run into have multiple sized torx screws . I 've used the T6 , T7 , T8 , and T9 depending on the hard drive . But I 've already disassembled 6 hard drives without a problem.The `` security '' feature with the whole in the middle never came into play , but they all worked flawlessly with my power tools . Definitely a must have if you 're messing with hard drives .
 Just what the PC doctor needed to operate . The first two bits I needed to pull the cover off the drive were in the set . Good price , compact . They came quickly , too .
 If you like voiding warranties , you need these ! I needed some torx bits to disassemble a couple hard drives , and these fit the bill . The steel used appears to be top-quality , and the bits are well-machined . I 'm impressed !
 I got them very quickly after ordering . I was using them to open up an xbox 360 controller . 5 of the 7 screws I was able to get out but the other 2 were too deep and the screw bits were n't long enough . Overall worth the money .
 Both the ontime delivery and product shipment were great . The torx set is just what the doctor ordered , indlucing the socket unit that is included .
 This worked perfectly on my ancient PS3 . Of course you only need to use it once . I 'm sure it might come in handy on another project in the future but for cracking open a PS3 there 's only one screw with this type of head .
 This was the kit I needed to take apart hard drives . I bought several other kits but they were too big but these were just the right size .
 it had the sizes needed to work on my computer . I could n't get this at bestbuy.com or anywhere else i looked . It was perfect sizes i needed .
 You really ca n't argue with what you get for the price
 but used them once and one of the bits is already starting to round over when I torqued it a bit on my folding knife . For 8 bucks I do n't mind buying a few sets for the flexibility but it 'd be nice if they were stronger than cardboard
 This worked great -LRB- using a 1/4 inch socket drive handle , not included -RRB- to dissemble hard drives to access the drive platters for destruction .
 We remodeled our house last year and painted several rooms ourselves . I tried Muralo due to the internet reviews . It is everything they claim . The Ceramic Matte is easy to use and covers completely in two coats . Clean up is ordinary but the finish is not . It is very flat yet holds up to true scrubbing . We custom colored one ceiling and it looks like a soft grey cloud . We used the left over for a temporary back-splash and it looks great yet holds up to constant cleaning even behind the cook top and sink . I also tried the Ultra Satin to refinish some old formica cabinets and for trim and doors . I used small rollers and brushes and the finish is still porcelain like and feels silky . Likewise for the exterior paint , the report from my husband -LRB- ex-pro painter -RRB- is that it 's outstanding.This is better than the the Ralph Lauren and Ben Moore Regal paints we also tried -LRB- same price -RRB- . Unfortunately , my local Muralo dealer quit selling the product . Nobody knows about it because the company does n't seem to advertise . I 've found another dealer about an hour away . I 'll definitely make the trip . This stuff is worth it .
 I recently wanted to put a locking handle on my second garage door . Having not done this before it was a bit of a learning experience and I had to do a bit of reading and research . Based on my door 's configuration I determined that I wanted a handle in the center of the door which means that I needed these snap slide locks on the side.I picked up two of these , one for each side of the door . They came with all the correct hardware for mounting them onto both the tracks and the door itself . There is a catch which has to be bolted onto the side rails with the included carriage bolts . On my tracks I found spots that were a perfect match for the hole alignment and was able to easily bolt the catches into place.The other component is the snap latch part that secures to the door itself . I had to use self tapping bolts to secure these to the door . Just be sure to make certain that you place these latches in the correct position to line up with the catches on the tracks . Once secured to the door properly these will slide up over the outside edge of the catch and then snap right into the groove in the catch . They lock the door solidly in the down position.Note you will need another component to make these work correctly . In the center of your door where you attach the locking handle you 'll need a `` swivel lock '' that allows you to run a chain or cable to either snap lock . This swivel lock will turn as the handle is turned and pull the cables you attach taught so that the spring latch retracts enough to allow the door to be raised.They were definitely easy to install and came with all the requisite hardware , and keep my garage door secured quite well . So these get five stars from me .
 Nice chain ... looks imposing enough to ward off bike theives . Only problem is I bought it to go with a MasterLock U-Lock , and the chain links are too small to accomodate this lock . Seller might consider listing the center diameter of the links , along with length of the chain and the diameter of the metal on the links . I would recommend this item , just be sure to pay attention to the measurements .
 The links are quite small , so make sure you have the right size of lock to go with it.Other than that , that 's a chain :--RRB- nothing much about it . It seems to be fine .
 The tool is a must for bearing jobs . You 'll remove the spindle nut in no time and reinstall it making it just ready for the right torque . It give a five star because of it . However , it is overpriced . $ 40 is what you should pay tops . Neiko is just a `` fancy '' Harbour Freight tool . They are even the same !
 The replacement pneumatic wheel is just the right size , sturdy , does the job well . It 's easy to install . Highly recommended .
 The dado insert does exactly what it is supposed to do . It fits the Rigid table saw and does the job .
 This has a little bow in it , especially when screwed down into the saw , that keeps it from lying perfectly flat with the table . But it gets the job done .
 This is a pretty straight forward item that needs little in the way of explanation other to say it does what it says it does.I installed this on my Rigid 2410 portable table saw . Easy to install and fits perfectly.I would buy this again .
 That pretty much says it all . Mine fit . there are small screws on the insert that are adjustable . I do not know what the other guys were talking about when they said it did not fit .
 Looked all over for this insert . It was n't in the hardware stores even the larger ones . I ordered this and it came quickly in the mail and it was exactly what I have been looking for . This was a great purchase at a great price .
 I am very happy with this dado insert . Worked as advertised . I was confused by the Amazon listing however . Was n't quite sure if it was going to be the right part for my Ridgid table saw . Do n't know what Ryobi has to do with it , as it came in a Ridgid Tool Box , which said nothing about Ryobi . Also , the prefix `` ACC '' apparently is short for `` accessory '' , so , in reality this is a Ridgid Tool accessory part . All 's well that ends well , however .
 The Ridgid dado insert works very well . Went into place in about 5 min , adjusted the height of the insert to match table and I was off to work .
 As advertised , Fair price , It took them 4 days before they sent it to shipping .
 This product was just what I needed . I got the best price available and it arrived in a timely fashion .
 This was exactly what I ordered . It arrived ahead of schedule in perfect condition . What else can you ask for ?
 This stuff is the best waterproofer I 've found , much better than the wash-in stuff you get at fancy camping stores . It lasts through many washings.Put the garment in the dryer on low heat for 30 minutes , after you spray it . That seems to help it and removes any smell .
 I used these flashlights for years as a cable-splicer and found them to be outstanding . Very bright , easy to clip onto anything , and held up well in the elements ...
 Have installed valve and is working great with no workmanship defects . I do recommend this valve as a quality part
 I have a low ceiling and a newly renovated kitchen above the garage . Pros
 We have had our Wayne Dalton Garage Door and Opener for 10 years now . We have never had a problem . It was easy to install , my husband did it himself . If you are experiencing problems make sure your door is balanced properly . Wayne Dalton is the best .
 I have two 9x7 garage doors , I purchased 2 liftamster openers , took a long time to install one , and found that the second one could not be installed due to plumbling being in the way and was told that I would need to change all my plumbing . Well , I found the I Drive Torquemaster Opener on-line , and wish I had purches two of them . This is a great opener , very quite , although I did need to have a garage door company install for me , it is well worth the price .
 We have had our idrive opener and Wayne Dalton Door for over five years and love it . It 's quiet and very fast . Also gaining the headroom back in the garage was a bonus . I would strongly recommend a professional installer do the work . We have had zero problems with it . One thing I learned was to keep fresh batteries in the wall mounted remote . When the battery starts to die the unit starts to act up.One other bonus is the opener is much more secure that a more common rail style opener .
 This unique lamp is very docorative and I have received some good complements . I would recommend buying one .
 I searched the web for months trying to find the perfect lamp for my bedroom . I finally found this lamp and could n't believe the price . It was exceptional . I LOVE this lamp and the price . It is gorgeous !!!
 This air line has taken the winters with ease ! I have this on a reel , and it pulls out and coils up with out a problem . Higly recommend for the money !!! Or jsut highly recommend it period !!
 I put it on reel with a inline blow gun , works great . I like the 1/4 '' , but I needed more air flow with the impact guns .
 Not being sure how well this hose would perform and considering its weight compared to other polyurethane hoses I was skeptical but decided to try it . The hose does not kink as easily as other round hoses I own and maintains its shape well . Over the past 32 years I have used a variety of hoses from different manufacturers and this has become my favorite hose to use . The hose does not expand very much when under 125 psi and is easy to roll up at the end of the day .
 Recommended by the manufacturer , but not included with the tool purchase . Important to keep the tools lubed in order to keep them in working order .
 Looks good . Have n't used it but the bottle looks cool . It makes me happy to look at it , I might frame it and place it on my wall till it is used
 I have not actually got around to doing my project which I needed this gun . I 've used similar ones before and this one feels to be a solid quality product . Looks good , feels good so far .
 I had 11 Baldwin levers throughout my home . Due to additional renovations I needed 6 more to match them up . They were $ 105.00 + online and Lowes no longer carries this line . Thrilled to find 6 at Dealyard through Amazon at a 60 % savings . Shipping was fast but one box did not include the locking mechanism . Dealyard sent a replacement . Shipping took a week but very good follow-up . Happy with Baldwin , Dealyard and of course , Amazon !!
 received the order almost immediately - they look great on my iron gates - very solid and well made - great value
 I do n't know if this is the proper forum for my question.In any event , I would like to know if there is a possibility for this item to be available in the near fiture.If so , please let me know.Thanks
 excellent product , a a a a a a a a a a a a a a + + + + + fast ship
 I 'm a sucker for space-saving gadgets and multi-function tools . This product is well-made and useful . I 'll be ordering a few more
 These are useful as kitchen scissors as well because they come apart and are thus easy to clean . They are as well-made as any other pair I 've seen in this price range .
 Loved it . I always keep it in my car just to replace half the tools ill ever need . It 's cheap and useful , get it !
 These are not finely-machine pieces of billet alloy steel , and if you plan to use any of the 12 functions every day , you will probably be quickly disappointed . However , for the price , it 's a well-made tool with a bunch of features that will go great in your trunk or toolbox .
 I have n't loved a gadget this much since my secret decoder ring with the secret compartment . I recommend it to all intrepid outdoors men/women . -LSB- It 's also handy around the kitchen -RSB-
 Super easy to apply and re-apply . Really changes my bedroom and enhances a giant wall that needed to be broken up . The only reason I do n't give it 5 stars is for the same reason as other similar reviews
 I added these as stripes to our office space and I was able to accomplish just the look I was going for -LRB- retro chic -RRB- . The colors are fun and added some zest to our light grey walls . It was my first time using wall-pops so it took me a minute to get the hang of hanging them . The best part is that they are removable and can be reapplied over and over , so the product was very flexible with my beginner status . I am so glad I purchased them and will definitely be using them again . My fianc&eacute; also really likes our office and said we should use them in more rooms of our house !
 I was ` nt sure using these staples would be worthwhile . Now that I have , I would not be without them . Saves a lot of time .
 A bargain at twice the price . I bought two , but made the mistake of camping with one ... went though security at the airport ... and well ... now I only have `` one '' great knife .
 I have had this drill for over 4 years and I have used it hard -LRB- construction -RRB- with no problems . The batteries are just now starting to go bad . So I have been looking for new batteries . But for the price of 2 batteries I can get a new drill . So that 's what I am going to do . Then I will have 2 drills GREAT TOOL !!!
 This has exceeded my expectations.It has the most power and battery life of any drill I 've owned .
 As far as extending component cables , this is what you need . Shipping FAR outweighed the cost of this quality made part . Its color coded and gold plated which is a big plus . I just would n't use too many of these to connect cables due to the fact that as you keep extending the size -LRB- 50,75,100 ft -RRB- you will lose some signal quality . With that being said , I needed to go about 100 feet so I bought two 50ft length high quality component cables and this to connect them and the signal quality still looks amazing .
 I brought this as a backup and it works just as good as my other one .
 I bought 2 component to hdmi cables by mistake to I bought this to turn them into 1 make shift hdmi cable . works . At least I have a nice long hdmi cable now .
 This is a commoditized product - a passive electrical coupler . There 's not much to say - they either work or they do n't . These worked .
 This was the most economical solution for me at the time , I used it with standard definition RCA cables , it worked fine . It should serve you well as long as you do n't link together many different cables together . Ideally you will want to have one cable going to your TV from your input device , and ideally they should be within 10 feet or so of each other . Longer length runs may require an amplifier .
 this item arrived on time , it does what it says it does and even make it very simple with the color coded for each connector .
 Well like most Component Cables its cool because its just one of those things thats necessary in order to get your Hava HD Video Recorder to Capture Videos from any component device in HD , which primary use is as a DVR.You will also need the audio oneCables to Go 40646 Stereo Audio Coupler , it just needs 2 spots but I 'm sure another one of these would work . All those spots are the same so even for the component coupler it does n't even matter if its the Red Yellow and White one.Please check out my website 's for more of these kinds of tips on various other things to make your life easier when using computers as well as much updated news on gaming , technology , and other things interested to me.Website - -LSB- ... -RSB- Gaming Resume - -LSB- ... -RSB- My Tech Cave - -LSB- ... -RSB- RSS Feed - -LSB- ... -RSB- Blogger - -LSB- ... -RSB- Reviews - -LSB- ... -RSB- Facebook - -LSB- ... -RSB- Picasa - -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I needed to extend a component video cable that I used with my XBox 360 , and this coupler did the trick . The item looks and feels a little flimsy , but has been working without any problems .
 My screen-climbing cats caused a bit of damage , which this kit has easily repaired . Patching the screen is far easier than modifying cat behavior .
 This fixture looks very pretty installed and functions well . I like the distance it is from the wall ; allows me to stand up straight and not have to lean over . I would give it 5 stars except we had trouble installing it at the wall to keep it from leaking . My husband scratched the chrome trying to get it tight enough , but he did successfully tighten it to where it does n't leak . It was all an installation problem and not a product fault .
 Decorate in a flash , and change it without any wall mess . I bought a set of mulicolored circles at a high end ` mod ' store , and what a thrill to see these here without the uber-high price tag . I have 4 big dots on a white wall ... instant op-art !
 This part is hard to find in stores and we needed it quickly . We were pleased with the product and the service .
 Product as described , except it does not say that it includes screws - which it does . Fit perfectly . Strong enough to move heavy patio doors . Just what I needed .
 Thank you so much for providing a place for teachers to buy overhead projector bulbs at a great price . It is very helpful . I use my overhead everyday so for me to get bulbs quickly and affordable made me happy . Thanks !
 The price was the best I could find for this bulb and the shipping was quick .
 I bought this to use my router to cut a large circle -LRB- bigger than I can cut on my 14 '' bandsaw -RRB- in 3/4 '' Walnut . Clamp everything down tight and it works perfectly . Right now I have it mounted in a router table that I 'm using to get perfectly straight and smooth edges on some somewhat rough Walnut .
 I rigged up a jig to allow me to route a 60 inch diameter table top from 1.75 inch thick oak . the fluted bit finished the outer rim perfectly . I am delighted .
 I bought this router to do some fairly heavy duty shaping of 2 '' thick cedar material for a pergola . I routed many surface feet of cedar and it still has a good sharp edge and cuts well . With a template I made I was able to reproduce nice even consistent cuts . I was skeptical that the edge would hold up to the cedar and the long deep cuts I needed to make , but not problem . Very happy with the bit .
 Used this blade to escape from prison . Had to run away to Mexico though , cause there is still a nationwide warrant out for my arrest .
 These really look and feel so much nicer than most cheap handles . Worth the extra dough . I would buy again .
 I 've owned one of these for at least 5 years , and have been very pleased . I 've never had it jam , and never had staples or brads fail to fit or feed properly . There 's really not a lot to say ... it 's a staple gun . It staples.Oh , the little swing-out cable guide is handy , too .
 This gun is much better than an older model of a Stanley staple gun that I have . It drives the staple much better and has allot more power to it . I have really been pleased with it . I have small hands so it still takes quite a squeeze for me to operate it but I use it everywhere all the time and am in love with it . Thanks for creating a tool I can really like to fix things with ! I am so exited !
 Very tough staple gun and easy to use and load . fits many sizes of staples and the largest one is useful for just about anything .
 The stanley sharp shooter is easy to use . Does not leave hand s with any vibrations . seems to be a quality versitile product .
 It 's easy to load and works well for me -LRB- to staple things -RRB- . But tricky when use for fat cables , may crush the cable.Good price for a handy tool .
 This stapler is well-designed and well-constructed . All hand contact areas are covered with black rubber material for comfortable use . The stapler 's operation is smooth , and the handle is a `` low stroke '' design which reduces hand fatigue . I found it easy to pull , and was able to fire the stapler by squeezing using just two fingers . The stapler 's body is made of `` Aircraft Aluminum '' , so it is strong but lighter than the classic steel-bodied stapler.Near the front of the stapler there is a `` staple size / reload '' window , which lets you see what size staples are currently loaded -LRB- 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' , 1/2 '' or 6mm , 10mm , 14mm -RRB- and whether the stapler is almost empty.At the front of the stapler there is a thumb wheel which flips the wire guide `` cable tracker '' down , or up and out of sight . This is a U-shaped piece of metal that protrudes about 1/8 '' downward from the front of the stapler . It is useful when stapling wires or cables . It shows where the staple 's points will emerge -LRB- so you do n't pierce the wire -RRB- , and it keeps the front of the stapler from crushing the wire.At the base of the stapler 's handle there is a simple wire handle lock . Squeeze the handle closed , and then engage the handle lock . This is useful for storage , especially if you want to return the stapler to its original hard-plastic packaging.At the rear of the stapler there is a switch to control the `` High-Low Power '' feature . You 'll need to experiment to determine which setting is best.I used this stapler for a challenging upholstery project . It smoothly drove 100 + staples into hard oak , without a single jam . I used Stanley-brand staples TRA04T 1/4-inch and TRA06T 3/8-inch ; this stapler can also use Arrow-brand staples.If you are stapling into hardwood , and the staple is n't going all the way in , it might be the fault of the staples rather than the stapler ! Consider what size staple you are using . If you are stapling through one layer of thin material , then you should be using 1/4-inch staples , not 3/8-inch staples . In this situation , a 3/8-inch staple wo n't drive completely into the hard wood and its legs will buckle instead . But a 1/4-inch staple is relatively stiffer and will drive perfectly . If you are stapling through two layers of thicker material , then 3/8-inch staples are the better choice . Staples are inexpensive -LRB- but see below -RRB- , so buy a variety of sizes and experiment to determine which size is best for your project.If the staple is not quite all the way in , you can finish it off by tapping it with a hammer . But observe carefully -- if the staple is protruding a lot , its legs will buckle and the hammer will flatten the staple rather than driving it . In this case you 'll need to remove and redo this staple . A staple remover comes in handy.One note of caution -- staples are available for purchase here , but as of this writing they are available only from third-party sellers , so their shipping will exceed the price of the staples themselves .
 While most of us do n't use heavy duty staplers on a daily basis , but if you are like me when you use it you need for it to work . I can say that I have never had an issue with Stanley Sharpshooter . It is never gotten jammed and it is a cinch to replace the staples -LRB- T50 -RRB- . In my opinion , I think that Stanley is the bell-weather for heavy duty staplers.One thing that is a bit of complaint is that it does n't always penetrate pine flush . In fact , about 30 % of the time it leaves about 1/8 '' of the staple above the surface . While this is n't that big of deal -LRB- A flat-head screw driver will pop the staple with little effort -RRB- . However , if the Stanley Sharpshooter was used in harder wood like Oak the staple may only go into the wood halfway . The question is ... how often do you use your stapler in hard wood?Things that I like - Never had a miss feed - never jammed - Easy to replace the staples - Heavy duty steel constructionAreas for improvement - It takes a fair amount of hand strength to operate - many women may have problems - Staple does n't consistently fully penetrate pine - you may have significant problems in hard wood.Final verdict-While there are some minor flaws the Stanley Sharpshooter is an excellent choice for most tool boxes4 Stars
 I 've used it on two projects using a total of about 150 staples . When using half inch staples into poplar wood they did n't always go all the way in . However when I adjusted the strength of the pull I had no problem -LRB- see lever at back of stapler . This is a cool feature . -RRB- I used five sixteenth staples on my second project and had no problems using the low setting . I had no problems with jamming on either project . I gave it four stars for now as I 've only used it on two projects and ca n't speak to durability .
 I use this at work for stapling insulation , plastic sheeting , radiant barriers , etc. , and have used thousands of staples with it . I only recall one jam ever , which was easy to clear . This stapler is also lightweight and very quick and easy to reload . Like any stapler I 've used it takes a lot of force to squeeze the handle , and after stapling all day my hand does get tired , but this one seems easier to use than others . The construction feels very solid and it seems very durable . I highly recommend this if you want a reliable , lightweight , and easy to load stapler .
 I 've had my Sharp Shooter Plus for a short time but after more than 2000 staples it has not jammed . If you use the manufacture recommended staples and brads you may not have a jamming problem . The manufacture recommends Stanley TRA 700 series or Arrow T50 staples.You can easily adjust the force of the brad nailer/staple gun with high/low adjustments . It also accomodates brads to 5/8 inch and staples to 9/16 . It 's solidly made and has a good balance in your hands . Mine is actually yellow in color which make it easier to find . There 's also a cable/wire guide to assist you in stapling down cables/wires . I -LRB- highly -RRB- recommend this tool for your tool box . Uses would apply to screens , signs , upholstery , insulation strips , holiday lights , cables/audio/wiring systems , framing , canvas art , radiant barriers etc. . I am an avid DIY ` r.
 I bought this stapler to replace a PowerShot - the kind with the forward motion stapling action . I did not care at all for the supposedly more efficient backwards configuration of the PowerShot . It felt awkward and unnatural , and I often ended up using both hands to fire the thing ! So I opted to go back to the traditional design that allows you to press down with the palm of you hand like this one.It feels well made in the hand , and has worked exceptionally well in the few household jobs for which I 've used it so far . I like the high/low setting that allows you to power through hard wood , but also use it on lighter materials without destroying them . The low setting also allows you to drive staples only about halfway into wood . Using this setting along with the cable guide -LRB- a small flip down guide that positions cables between the staple points -RRB- makes it perfect for tacking up cables and wires without pinching or penetrating them . This was something that required a fair amount of finesse with my earlier staple guns , and I would invariably end up driving one side of the staple through the wire at least once ! The built in wire guide is a great feature that pretty much ends this problem , and is one I did n't expect.Contrary to an earlier review , I had no problem finding staples and brads for this gun at my local department store . Stanley and Arrow both make `` ammo '' for this stapler , and it uses fairly common sizes . I kind of expected it to have some starter staples included which it did not , but this was n't a big deal for me since I could pick some up right up the road.So far I 'm happy with the purchase and have no complaints yet .
 This is a solid entry level staple/brad nail gun . It is easy to use and great for the toolbox or around the house.I used it to weatherproof my windows with plastic and trim board , this gun went through the trim board with brad nails with no problem in the high setting.It was easy to handle , easy to load and easy to squeeze the handle . Overall I am pleased with this staple gun.I would recommend this product to others .
 I 'm sceptical of reviewers who either say or imply that the Stanley never jams . Never is a long time . The few times it does jam , sometimes caused by the operator , can be cleared easily and quickly . Be sure to use staples with a sharp point , which obviously increases penetrating power . The Arrow brand staples are very sharp.I wo n't repeat all the descriptions and great features covered in other reviews . Bear in mind the maximum depth staples you can use is 9/16 inch . If you need a greater depth you have to buy a more powerful staple gun . I did not try with Brad nails . Otherwise , for home use only , works as advertised and would buy again .
 I bought this staple gun to reupholster a couple of kitchen stools . Pros
 I suffer from carpel tunnel and most standard staple guns are hard to use . This one is so much easier to use and jams up far less than other ones I have used in the past . The handle on it is comfortable and you can grip it so much easier . Only fear is that the plastic may not hold up , but if that is the case I would still gladly purchase again in a year if I had too with the amount that I use it .
 I am old and had another staple gun that was ages old and now I 'm digging the upgrade , incredible product , incredible price , incredible shipping , could n't ask for more thank you amazon !!
 Lots of cheaper ones available but this one is really &#34; heavy duty &#34; . Just make sure you know what size staples you need .
 bought this for putting lights up for the holidays and it is really easy to use. , I wish it had come with staples though . Do n't forget those !!
 This is a great comfortable staple gun . Ived used it for several applications with no issues . The grip is relatively soft and the trigger sqeezes with relative ease . I find it difficult to believe others who have complained about its reliability . I 'm inclined to believe their issue may be the staples or how theyre being loaded , and not the gun itself . I used the gun for approximately 7 straight hours doing upholstery and it didnt jam at all . The brad nail option also worked just fine . This is a great buy for the Do-It-Yourselfer who tackles various projects .
 I have used at least a dozen spring operated staplers and this one is great . I think many of the poor reviews were from people that did n't know what to expect from a hand operated staplers . Selecting the correct staple for your job is important to having the unit work as it should and loading it is fairly simple and trouble free . I like the feel in my hand .
 Uses standard size stanley staples which you can find anywhere and it is well made and has plenty of power . Love it !
 The TR250 does a nice job of anything that needs heavy attaching . The acessory pak is a veryeconomical way of having the right staple .
 I needed a cheap staple gun for one project - recovering some cat scratching posts . This worked great . It took some strength to squeeze the trigger , but my daddy taught me to be tough . :O -RRB-
 I used it to staple some upholstry and it worked great . I would recommend this product .
 After my old chrome arrow staple gun broke I decided to replace it with this stanely . I noticed 2 things right away that let me know this was a good call .1 . This stapler takes less effort to staple . Perhaps this is just because my old stapler had many years of use but right away I noticed this thing was much easier to use .2 . The loading of staples is a better method . My old stapler required you removed the tension rod all the way from the gun and insert the staples and then reinsert the tension rod . This stapler only requires the rod to be pulled back and then you drop the staples in the bottom.Having tested this stapler out on a few small projects and tarp papering a shed I feel it will be just as durable and the stapler it replaced , while requiring less force to use . I feel is a good stapler and would purchase another , but hopefully this one has a long life .
 We are very happy so far with this stapler . This replaced our Powershot stapler which jammed repeatedly and wasted staples , ever since we bought it . This Stanley product is reliable and no wasted staples . I see some negative reviews , though ... I do n't know if these people know that Stanley carries a lifetime warranty on it 's products ... you just have to call the company for a replacement .
 This staple gun seems very well made and drives staples with no problem . I have only gone through roughly 200 staples so far and I 've had no issues at all . I did buy the wrong staples originally but that was my own fault for not reading the sticker on the side of the gun . This staple gun will take Stanley heavy duty staples -LRB- if you can find them -RRB- or Arrow T50 staples -LRB- which are much easier to come by -RRB- . So far I 've used the gun to staple fabric to a 1x3 poplar board and they drove flush with no problem on the medium power setting . As most of you will know , poplar is a very dense wood so I am quite pleased that this gun handled that no problem . I ca n't wait to tackle all the other staple jobs I have around the house !
 works well ; even with my neuromuscular disorder which makes my hands weak , this is a fairly easy staple gun to use . it requires a lot less grip strength than others that I 've used .
 I bought this staple gun to staple screen around one bedroom window so I can keep bugs out . Really simple , I like open windows when weather permits . This gun works just fine . It has 2 strengths , the lesser is fine to staple screen to my siding , the idiot who screened the window originally used a gun so powerful it drove the brad straight through the screen and 1/16 '' into the wood ; the screen was flapping around the next day , and of course the brads are a barrel of laughs getting out of the frame . So much for the $ 25 an hour experts . I 've also used it to staple fabric over windows for quick enclosures , stapled my kids ' pics to their bedroom walls , works great . It 's simple to use , does the job , and is priced right . Why is it so hard to find simple tools that work ? I do n't know , but this one does just fine .
 We had one need for this device
 This is a great all-purpose tool for misc jobs around the house . Quality construction and great value . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Easy to load and takes very little effort to squeeze handle.Recommended to all .
 Stretching canvas much easier now . No need for compressor noise ; -RRB- Tried to staple 1/4 &#34; thick leather ... works just fine . Tension of the coil can be adjusted .
 I have not used it a great amount , but I have had few issues with it . My wife complains it is to hard to squeeze , but I am okay with that . Means if the kids to manage to get little hands on it , they are not likely to be able to do any harm . Though I keep it unloaded , and locked in my toolbox , but my older son would have a hard time hurting himself if he managed to get it . My only real problem is the &#34; lock &#34; . It is engaged by holding the handle down , and released ... by holding the handle down . So not really much of a lock .
 This tool is a must-have for any household . It works perfectly every time . I bought this along with the Staple & Brad Assortment . It really came in handy when I was putting up my Christmas decorations outside . The only thing now is that I have to hide it from my husband because he may try to make it a part of his tool kit and loan it out and I may never see it again . I 'm thinking aboutl just order another one just for him .
 Works great , easy to use and at a very good price , so there is no need to go and spend more money on one of these thinking that it will be better because it cost more .
 Great for those quick jobs of getting wires out of the way and many other uses . User-friendly . I love mine .
 I bought a pair of these at a retail store , but my dogs ate them . I loved the gloves so much that I ordered three pairs on Amazon . They have a great ergonomical fit and durable working surface . The cuffs keep the wind and other things for getting up your jacket sleeve .
 Very trending and beautiful lights , you can tell looking and holding them they are high quality .
 This item is made in China , which is disappointing . But , the quality is very high and it uses stainless steel to surround the hose itself , not the plastic that looks like stainless steel . I am very happy with this item and bought 4 - one of each bathroom .
 Used this when replacing an old toilet that had a non-flexible connector . This screwed on in seconds and no drips , leaks or any problems . It is nice to have a flexible line .
 This is what it is . A 12-inch Steel braided toilet connecter line . Great quality , 12 inches long . Screws right on and looks great .
 These stainless steel wrapped connectors and the puffy rubber seal inside the hand tightening plastic nut , makes this beauty the cats meow . Cuts installation time down to 1/10th . update
 This is a quality product . It 's very easy to install and flexible . I recommend it . Be sure to not over-tighten !
 So much easier to install than the original bent piping cut to size . And no worries about kinks cracking and leaking down the road . Almost makes DIY plumbling a pleasure .
 John 's wide ranging experience with shop machinery and knowledge of their idiosyncracies are brought to bear in a lucid and comprehensive reference manual that belongs in every workshop . I highly recommend this book and can say that the money spent buying it and in following his advice will be repaid many times over .
 This book is an excellent source of information on the adjustment and maintenance of machines commonly used in the woodshop , including the table saw , router table , jointer , thickness planer , bandsaw , drill press , and miter saw . I bought it to learn more about adjusting these tools for optimal performance and accuracy . I was particularly interested in how to adjust the blade on the table saw so that it is accurately parallel to the miter-gauge slot . The book was very helpful . I would recommend it to anyone interested in getting the most performance from their woodworking machine tools .
 I highly recommend this Schlage Lock Retail Keying Kit for landlords or others that frequently need to change door locks . It is simple to rekey deadbolts and door handle locks with this kit , if one has a small collection of Schlage `` C '' keys , which you obtain each time that you purchase a new lock . Lock retailers frequently throw out keys when they rekey locks , which is another way to obtain keys , just ask ! Save $ 10 + per lock each time you do it yourself . This also reduces the hassle of bringing locks to a locksmith and having a person hang out in the unit until the locks are reinstalled . Just about anyone should be able to follow the simple directions included with the kit .
 The Good - This worked for me . Check out some online videos for instructions . I manage an office plaza and have had the occasion to hire a locksmith to rekey some locks . It is expensive and requires an appointment for the tenant 's and my convenience . A little time to learn and a lot of time and money saved in the long run.The Bad - This kit does not contain `` master key pins '' . I use a master key for all the locks and had to buy them separately . This kit could also use good `` key tweezers '' for handling pins .
 Worked well , but way more than i needed to do my home . Was loaded with plenty of parts and good manuals
 I just rekeyed my first lock and it was so simple . It was an electronic keypad type and it only took about ten minutes total , including taking the lockset off the door and re-installing it . I was quite impressed .
 I own an apartment building and I used this kit to rekey 10 locks . Easy to use and EVERYthing you need is in there . Great product and a great deal if you need to rekey a lot of locks .
 This item was the OEM product so there is little to say for the fact that everything was in order and of sufficient quantity . The Schlage website is not the easiest to get around when you are looking for specific information and you have to weed through all of the sales literature . You may find as I did that the product details are just as confusing , however you ca n't go wrong if you just select this item to cover the lionshare of locks to re-key . Installation was a snap , but I 'm fond of Schlage products . Recommended !
 Pretty straight forward . A great product that is everything that it is supposed to be .
 I put these in my newly remodeled Kitchen and Bath . I love them ! I had paint made to match and bought switch plate covers and painted them . I used a $ 2.95 sample of paint and it worked great .
 The Wall Lenk wood burner L101KB Wood Burning tool is well designed and worth the little extra over the Weller . I purchased the Weller from Sears -LRB- should have used Amazon -RRB- and it burned my wife 's hand and the tips began to melt , but the Wall Lenk is all that it advertises . Dual heat guards and quality construction . My wife is a long time artistic wood burner and has been amazing with a poor quality burner , but now she is REALLY AMAZING with this product.By the way , I would not buy from Sears again . The return policy was a mess and a it took an hour in the store to get a refund because the staff and management did not understand how to do a refund from a online product that was picked up in the store . It was a really mess , but I stayed calm the whole time and I felt sorry for the sales staff who had no training in this process.On the other hand , my experience with Amazon has been stellar with a returned item.Again the Wall Lenk L101KB wood burner exceeds all expectations and my wife loves it ! I really recommend this product and Amazon!I just say to my wife , BURN BABY BURN !
 Great little kit , nice box too . Got this to do some gourd crafting after shopping around a bit for a versatile inexpensive starter kit . This wood burner works very well . I would give it four and a half stars if I could due to the great price . There are better kits out there but the cost can run pretty high .
 I 'm a beginner so consider the source . I found the tool heated quickly , and once unplugged , cooled quickly as well , making it easy to change tips . I 'm not sure about the tips . They worked very well for me once I figured out which gave the effect I was seeking . I 'm sure an experienced wood burner would need other tips to complete their work , but these work well for the heavy-handed beginner . I am very pleased with it , and if I should continue wood burning I can see how this set will complement the more defined tips I may buy later . This seems to be a very good starter set of tips . The tool worked well too , and I had no problems with the stand that comes with the set either . Over all I was very pleased and would recommend this product highly .
 This is a nifty little item . It works wellfor projects that do no require a lot ofheavy burning . At 30 watts , it is a littleslow to recover it 's heat when used . For themoney , it is quite good for light burning.It comes with a lot of extra different pointsand is suitable for a beginner . Advanced pyropen sets cost a few hundred dollars.I would buy it again . Very satisfied.Val GaronPreirieville , La. .
 This item gave us the added tips for our original woodburning iron and allows us to have two irons available with different tips when working on a design with multiple design burning needs .
 I have used this set for a couple of months now , and feel I can give an honest review of it . I found the Wall-Lenk kit to be quite good as far as solid-point woodburners go , it 's the hottest burner of that kind I can find on the market . At full power , it makes a nice , dark clean burn on a variety of wood surfaces and would be good for anyone who wants to move up a little from the burners at the hobby shop but is not quite ready to splurge on a professional wire-tip burner set . The only reservation I would have is that unlike the Walnut Hollow burners , it has no on/off switch of its own and if you want that , you will have to get the temperature regulator along with it , but if you 're serious about woodburning , the regulator is worth the additional investment .
 This is a very nice woodburning tool at a very reasonable price . It is well packaged in a plastic box and comes with a wide array of inserts . The first time I used it for over an hour creating an intricate design on a wooden gift box ; the small tip worked flawlessly . There are also soldering tips included ; I plan on purchasing a voltage control unit to manage the heat for different tips . All told , I `` m very pleased .
 the heat shield could be more effecient , but not a problem other than having to hold the pen more towards the middle instead of further towards the writing end . Heats up quickly and burns evenly . I recommend this product . I own two .
 I was a little hesitant at buying this at first . I previously bought a similar looking woodburner from a large tool store -LRB- HF -RRB- that was just terrible . I ` m glad I did . Works great . I actually bought it for my daughter to use to do some art work on a guitar I ` m building to use at church . I belive you can see the results up above some where . If my daughter can do that with absolutely no experience I ` d have to give it a five star rating .
 I am new to woodburning but this iron does pretty well . I have not had a chance to really put it to a test but I am confident already that I will be pleased .
 After just breaking a wood burning tool in the middle of a project , I came here to Amazon for good advice on buying a new/better one . My ` old ' one lasted for just a couple of uses , just like the experience of many Amazon reviewers here who complain about tips breaking , threads stripping , etc. . That 's what happened to me and after some online reading I know why.Friends , please take note , REPLACE TIPS ONLY WHEN THE UNIT IS COLD , or you will strip the threads . I did n't know this , nor was anything provided with my previous wood burning unit that would advise me as such.I just placed my order for one of these 30 watt Wall Lenk units . I based my decision on the expert advice offered at this excellent website -LRB- Just updated in January 2013 -RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- If you decide to look at the website , do n't be deterred by its detail , or that it includes a list of wood burning tools costing over $ 200 . It also includes great information about ` craft-type ' solid tip burners like the one I bought just now here at Amazon . Just scroll down and learn why threads are stripped by impatient and previously ignorant crafters like me . -LRB- see above -RRB- Also learn that just three brands -LRB- all American made I think -RRB- of these devices have thicker tips that wo n't break as readily as Chinese made burners like the one I have now , the tips of which began to wobble in the pen before I tried to tighten one and stripped the threads.OK , I know you 'd like me to tell you the three brands . You 're busy and want to get on with your shopping/life . As one who appreciates the advice of others at Amazon , I 'm glad to save you the time it took me to get to feeling comfortable enough to buy something I think will last me for a while . The three are Dremel , Colwood and Wall Lenk.So why did I choose the Wall Lenk over the other two brands ? Four reasons .1 . Wall Lenk is the manufacturer of all three brands .2 . The 30 watt Wall Lenk lists temperatures of 1050 -LRB- not on Amazon but on other sites -RRB- I know this will give me a little more speed with harder woods3 . I wanted to buy on Amazon so I could get the product in a couple of days .4 . Colwood is apparently not sold on Amazon and though I could have shopped elsewhere , I really trust Amazon and felt no need to look further.I bought this particular Wall Lenk because of the extra tips . I already have plenty of tips , but some reviewers mentioned that their tips did not fit Wall Lenk made wood burning pens . I 'm not sure the tips I have will fit , so I bought the one with the extra tips for just $ 5 more . I 'd rather pay a little more and avoid the potential hassle of coming back next week to buy more tips that will fit . Now I 've got plenty to last me for a while.Hope this helps you . Good luck!PS . I 've listed this at 5 * . If my experience is different from what I anticipate , I 'll be back to update . I decided to write the review now since everything is fresh in my mind at this time .
 I 'm a novice to woodburning , but this was just what I was looking for with a nice assortment of tips and it gets hot fast and burns evenly .
 I am new to wood burning and this craft level tool has been a great introduction . I ca n't compare it to other tools as I have not used any other . But if you wanted to give the craft a try at a fairly inexpensive set up I recommended this tool . I also purchased the Wall Lenk Temp Regulator . I like being able to cool the tool down for different shapes . So far so good . I will be looking into a more pro unit -LRB- probably a Razer -RRB- down the road due to this experience .
 It took me forever to pick a woodburner based on reviews . I 've had this a few weeks now and done some pieces that required intricate work and lots of shading . The spoon-shaped tip seems the most versatile.No problems yet .
 I received this item faster than I thought humanly possible and it has not let me down . I am completely satisfied with this product . I have used it for multiple pyrographic projects and I love what it can do . It is super versatile and the different tips are great for trying out different techniques and effects . I recommend it for anyone who is wanting to learn pyrography or just needs to burn stuff . Bravo !
 I was looking for a burner that would give me more power to work on oak woods . I burn personalized wood signs and a lot of them have large letters that get filled in and it not only takes forever to do that with a smaller burner from a craft store but it also puts a lot of strain on you hand . Upon reading some of these reviews , a lot of the reviews said that the burner tends to burn for a while and then it stops . I specifically bought this one for a project that I was working on burning cup scouts arrow plaques . The project took a month to make all of the signs and the burned did excellent . The tips seem to be a lot more robust and you have few more options than what comes with the burned from the craft store . From now on , I will only be buying this burner .
 This was a gift for my mother , she loved this thing , she does some of wood burning , and she really liked it . It was just what she hoped it would be .
 I use a woodburning tool to make all the plant labels for our vegetable garden and for special plants in my forest beds . This set makes it easy to do quality work . Everything you could possibly need is included .
 I would recommend this simple tool with 7 attachments ! It does what it is supposed to do and is well made .
 Promptly received the wood burner , which is way better than trying to create a masterpiece with a soldering iron . The only donwnside -LRB- worth one star -RRB- is that the set should come with an insulated wrench that allows the removal of the tips while the iron is hot . Gloves or pliers work OK , but it would be nice to have something designed specifically for this . I guess if you were really a woodburning wonk , you 'd get one handpiece for each tip , so you could quickly use the various tips without heat-up time . I 'm not at that point , however . Tips , when changed , heat up quickly to wood-searing temperature . Call me picky . No , I really mean it ; pickly please call me . Wonder if unit could be used for home treatment of skin disorders . I have a basal-cell carcinoma that has resisted two liquid nitrogen treatments at the dermitologist . Maybe a couple of stiff drinks and this unit with the proper tip would take care of the problem with much less cost . -LRB- Release of liability - I am not recommending that you do this -RRB- .
 this is an awesome burner . the perfect heat . could be a little more consistent . the tips are great . ca n't go wrong at this price !
 Recently , I had noticed the seal was torn and no longer doing its job on my kitchen door leading into my garage . It seemed some nasty crawling creatures had also noticed they could gain entry around the overhead garage door and enter my kitchen that way also . Like Snuffy Smith would have said , I thought `` Great Balls ' O Fire , times a wastin ' '' . I quickly put on the good brogans , a clean pair of overalls , and made a trip to the Depot store in my trusty ` ole pickup truck - just like any other good hillbilly on a mission . Ah had already measured the old door seal , and it was 1.75-inches by 34-inches once removed from the aluminum threshold - the rest of which was still in great shape . For a few bucks more I could have replaced the whole thing , but this replacement RV36 Frost King seal was under $ 3 . So what if the Frost King seal was 17/8 - inch wide ? That was only an extra 1/8-inch over the factory vinyl threshold seal width , and it looked the same where it held into the aluminum threshold . I looked high and low for the 1.75-inch seal but came up snake eyes . I figured the new seal would just be a little tighter . I wuz wrong ! It was too tight!Southern Yankee know how had told me to clean the aluminum threshold good before installing the new seal , and I had cut the length as it went in place . Knowing such things sometimes shrink in length over time , I made the seal go in at a little over the 34-inch length . Of course , I used WD-40 to make the job easier , by lubing both sides of the new seal good.With the new seal in place exactly as the old one had been , the door would n't shut . My first thought was shave the door down some off the bottom - but that sounded like too much work , and a bad idea if I had to yank this seal and buy the correct one . So , I abandoned installing the seal like the old one was and pushed the vinyl seal deeper into the aluminum - and cleaned the bottom of the solid wood door good with WD-40 . Uh-huh ! The door shut very snugly , and there was no doubt this seal was working like a champ - even if it was in an aluminum threshold that formerly used a narrower 1.75-inch wide vinyl seal . After a day , the door shut just like it had new -LRB- 34-years earlier -RRB- - the new Frost King seal had leveled out more overnight.The only caveat I can see is this Frost King seal has multiple small raised ridges that can trap dirt and create faster wear to the seal - which means the grooves formed between these ridges need to be kept swept out . Still , the seal looks great and is sealing snugly - just as it should.Bottom line - For the price , this 17/8 - inch seal is worth trying even if you have a threshold designed for a 1.75-inch -LRB- 13/4 - inch -RRB- wide seal with the standard triangular edge design . I bought two - one will go into a drawer for future use as needed . I do n't know how long this seal will last , but the material is vinyl like the original seal and has the same material thickness -LRB- slightly thicker where the ridges are -RRB- . My front door also has a vinyl threshold seal like the kitchen door came with and , while it has had much less traffic , it 's still in perfect shape and doing its job - after 34-years . Actually , what tore the original kitchen door seal up was moving a refrigerator out and a new one in across it . Next time , I 'll make sure some plywood is used for protection.Update 7/17/2012This Frost King seal has been in place two weeks now and has settled down in place . It 's showing no wear and giving a great seal - and no nasty critters have gotten past it . It 's obvious by now that this product will offer long life after examining it - at least as long as no refrigerators are dragged across it.Made in the USA
 Like all Milwaukee tools , this saw is simply the best . It is as accurate as you are , and does n't even take up as much space as one would think . For anyone who has ever cut a 4x8 sheet of plywood on a table saw , you NEED to get one of these . I was n't sure I needed it , but I would n't give it up now for anything . The only negative is that if you have it delivered , I recommend that you have at least two people to move it , it is pretty heavy . That being said though , it is very durable .
 First of all , what a tool ! This is my 2nd panel saw from Milwaukee . The first one got damaged in delivery . It was the Thursday before Good Friday and no one was around back east where the saw originated . I called Milwaukee CPO here in California and they assured me the new saw would be on it 's way ASAP and the old one would be picked up . It came about 10 days later in great shape . I set it up in about an hour or so and installed a set of wheels -LRB- get the wheels this saw weighs over 150 lbs . and moves like a load bearing wall ... -RRB- . I had a project involving t-111 and oak plywood -LRB- brooder boxes -RRB- and went right to work . Too easy . I wish I had had one earlier . I also have the extensions which I discovered I needed with 8 ' panels to stay accurate . I know there are less expensive ones -LRB- and plenty of more expensive ones -RRB- out there but it is a Milwaukee with a Milwaukee Saw Motor . A luxury for a small shop but a nice tool.Milwaukee 6480-20 15 Amp 8-Inch Complete Panel Saw System with 50-Inch Crosscut
 Well made . Easy to use . Comfortable and fast to use . Solid . Looks good . Highly recommended .
 NEVER OWNED A PANEL SAWGREAT FOR MY SIZE SHOPACCURATEGOOD PRICE
 I bought this tool because I wanted a panel saw but generally found the prices difficult to justify to myself . This tool seemed to be the perfect balance of price , quality and capability . While I would describe it as a `` half size saw '' in that the bed length , even with the extension arms can barely handle an 8 ' sheet , but I knew that going in . It does not disappoint and its compact size and folding base make storage easy . Had the saw not been from a recognized and respected brand I would have passed , and even though I do n't own alot of Milwaukee tools , they have a good reputation and so I took a chance . Assembly is simple and straighforward . Options -LRB- wheels , extension arms , dust management and such -RRB- increase the price but still result in a very capable tool at about 50 % of the cost of the nearest serious competition . Adjusting the saw was simple and the overall design well thought out . With the optional wheels it is easy to move and position . Setup for cuts is fast and easy and the included thin kerf blade works well . The one complaint is adjustment of the carriage for rip cuts . The carriage is counter balanced and has a friction clamp ... holding the carriage still while tightening the clamp which is on the left side of the carriage can be challenging . Over all I 'm very pleased , its an excellent add to my shop and allows me to take delivery of sheet goods in my garage , make the major cuts there before moving smaller panels to my basement shop for further work . Anyone who has muscled a dozen sheets of 3/4 '' plywood will appreciate this tool . This made an ambitious cabinet making project possible .
 We purchased this saw in December for our Lumber Yard . It gets plenty of useage and is a valuable tool for us . The saw has plenty of power -LRB- 110 Volt -RRB- for cutting and ripping MDF and Plywoods.We bought the extender kit and wheel kit which makes the saw more stable and easier to clean oround.A great saw for a good price .
 First , buy this saw with the extensions and wheels or u ca n't work 4x8 sheets , they are a must !! . Mileaukee 's cust service is the best !! Even tho I have had my saw 4 years , it gets VERY LITTLE usage since I just use it for making things for the grandkids and not production . Well , I made the MISTAKE of cutting a cement board panel for a neighbor , and this caused a bearing retainer to FAIL . I called Milwaukee , the gave me a shipping label and FIXED IT UNDER WARRANTY since it only actually had about 4 hrs . total use on it , even tho its 4 yrs . old . Ca n't ask for better support than that ...
 When you need a panel saw , nothing else will do , and though you can have sheet goods cut at the lumber yard , doing it in your own shop is a lot more convenient . This panel saw , according to my son , whose saw it is , is convenient and precise , more square than the original sheet goods , he says . That 's enough for me .
 Some shipping damage , a bent rail and dents . Assembly and calibration took about 3 hours . Works just fine . Cuts square and true . Due to the compact design it requires additional supports when ripping or cutting close to the end of a full sheet .
 I love this saw ! Its one of the best tools I own . My wife complained when i bought it , but i do n't have to drag her out of the house to rip a sheet of plywood no more , so now she 's happy . LOL.I wish i would have bought one years ago .
 Just finished assembly , set up , and running saw through some checks . Saw works well . Good square rips and crosscuts . I did not get the extensions for the saw , but plan to do so very soon . I can quickly see where they would come in handy . I will echo a common thread that I have read in several reviews , and that is Milwaukee seems to nickle and dime their customers to death with all the costly add ons . Seems these add ons would be a little cheaper since they are going on a saw someone just paid over a thousand dollars for .
 I replaced the locks b/c I did n't have the keys for the old ones . It seems that getting new keys for this lock is not easy but the garage doors already have all the holes for these ones.Just what I needed .
 This replacement lock was easy to install , and it fit perfectly in the original slot left by the old one .
 I bought this lock to replace the existing lock that broke it arrived in a timely manner and it was what i expectedand worked fine with some modification since garage doors was so old
 The lock was easy to install and included two pairs of screws of different lengths to fit the need -- my door used the shorter ones and it fit perfectly . The lever can be set so that the lock stays spring-loaded or turned so that it stays open until you turn the lever back to release it.Shame on me for not replacing that old lock sooner -- I expected it to be more expensive , and more trouble than it was .
 I was very upset when I moved into a rented house with a garage only to discover that I would have to pull up to the house , run inside open the garage , open the gargae door then pull my car in . All because my land lord had lost the key to the lock . Well this solved that problem ! The screws were a little long , so the lock wiggled a bit however that did n't stop it from working great . It was easy to unlock and easy to lock . I never worried about the saftey of my car or the stuff in my garage . Would buy again .
 Original lock bolt had rounded corners and so it would n't stay locked . If you bumped the door the lock would unlatch . Installed this and the lock now stays locked .
 This lock installed OK and works fine . The parts quality looks fine , probably higher than I 'd expect for a ten dollar lock . Instructions are simple.My issue is that the very long screws supplied to attach the outer key ring to the inner plate will punch through the key ring * very easily * without giving you much resistance as a warning . The outer skin is just that thin . I now have two screw tips sticking through to the outside of the door like little elephant tusks .
 I bought 3 of these . I am a locksmith and this brand is not available from any vendor I use . I do n't see them often , but occasionally a customer ask to rekey or repair their broken garage door . So now I have spares just in case.Good price . Cheaper than anything I could find from my &#34; wholesale distributors &#34;
 I bought these to replace the older locks on my door where I had lost the keys . These bolted right in as a replacement . Only thing I wish was I could have gotten them keyed alike . Had for 6 months now , they work fine .
 The locks on a garage door have a fatter key the regular keys a the hardware stores do not fit right . A specialty lock smith has the right key . This was way easier to replace than to find a key . I tried lowes and home depot and both keys were to thin for a garage door . It was east to install my handle was broken so I bought one of those too . A handle with a key in it will not work with this type of lock . Take a picture so you know how to replace it.Aaac service heating and air furnace installation in Mcdonough recommends this product . If you can use a screwdriver you can do it.My holes on the door did n't line up with all four on the lock . I used 2 holes it works fine . The new lock was wider then the old one , there was no room to drill a new hole . I 'm not worried about the lock the 2 screws held it well.Prime Line Prod . GD 52119 Garage Door LockIts been on and working for 2 months with no problems .
 had a broken lock on garage and i ordered this and it works perfect and was a easy install and it was a good price
 This lock is the same lock as the old lock . This lock works great , but the only reason I bought this lock was because I could not find the keys to the old lock !
 I bought this as a gift for my daughter . I was very pleased with the color and detail of this product . My daughter loved it .
 I bought this for the &#34; Bluebird Lady &#34; of our town and she has thoroughly enjoyed it ! It went up the day she received it !
 I bought this as a gift for a dragonfly lover ... and she loved it ! The light was larger than I expected , but was a pleasant surprise . The artwork is great , and the glow that the light puts off is very nice .
 I just received this today and it is beautiful . They even included 3 bulbs ! My daughter loves Dragonflys so this is a perfect Christmas gift . Shipping was quick ...
 I like this night light . Yes , it is large , but it is very nice and does look like the picture provided .
 This night light was more beautiful when I lit it up , first rate quality and sophisticated , very attractive .
 nicer in real life than the pics show , get one , it 'll be the nicest bug in the bath . Bigger than it appears .
 I bought this for my daughters first apartment . She is into more modern stream line design , but this she adores . Beautiful work , I am buying one for myself .
 bought this for my daughter-in-law . She collects anything dragonfly . It was really pretty and she said it was great in the bathroom .
 The night light is just as described . Unfortunately all my outlets are upside down , so I have no place to plug it in , unless I change the outlet . I 'm hoping that will happen soon , so I can use this night light .
 The nightlight is absolutely beautiful ... . Very good quality It was a gift for my sister . I will be ordering more ...
 Very pretty , just as pictured however there is a on/off switch , I assumed it would be automatic light sensor . It is made out of plastic .
 This came undamaged and the recipient was thrilled . The price was more than reasonable and I would highly recommend this product or another from Ibis & Orchid Designs .
 This is beautiful and has nice glow at night.It can be turned on and off with a switch and the colors are very vivid.I put it in my hallway at night , and it gives me security without looking ugly .
 It was a gift and my daughter seemed to like it very much when I gave it to her . It 's pretty and looks durable . I was satisfied with the whole process of getting it .
 I gave this as an exchange gift . The person that received it called as soon as she got home ; telling me how beautiful it looked in her bathroom . It just gives that extra touch you need in a room .
 This night light is beautiful and well-made . I purchased it for the finishing touch in the guest bath 's dragonfly theme .
 I received the night light rapidly and was very pleased with the quality . The nightlight is very pretty both on and off . The only down side is that the person I was getting it for has GFCI oulets mounted sidways ???? go figure ... and the base on the plug does n't turn so she could n't use the nightlight . On the upside ... I now have a very pretty nightlight !
 Just as advertised . I bought it for my kitchen ; however , when my daughter saw it she wanted for her house . So she got it . Excellent service from vendor .
 I bought this for my mother-in-law who loves dragonflies and when it came in the mail it was sooo pretty , I almost wanted to keep it . Gave it to her for Christmas and she loves it !
 I just got this . I ordered it as a gift but it is so beautiful that I am ordering another one . When it lights up it is amazing !!!!
 I was hesitant after reading many other reviews of similar products having wrong specs listed , but this was correct and works as expected .
 this door handle dosnt lock so i had to return it . its locking version was 50 dollars at home depo . works well , and the locking version included a striker plate , 2 optional door inlays , and a wierd cirle thing that can optionly be used with the striker plate . works well and looks good .
 I have used this product for years and love it . It 's great for semi-permanent and permanent repairs with absolutely no degradation from the elements -LRB- weather -RRB- . It can be removed without a sticky residue . Duct tape leaves a horrible sticky residue and the adhesive starts to degrade over time . Unfortunately , this plastic tape is becoming very hard to find . Also , it use to come in a 3/4 inch width in clear but I ca n't find that anymore .
 I ordered this sink because of its ' overmount design and large size . I needed to replace a contiguous molded sink in a long cultured marble countertop . I cut the old sink out and slipped this sink into place . It 's large overmount design completely covers all the indentations that surrounded the old cultured marble sink . I love the large deep basin and feel it is a great departure from the current trend of shallow sinks or vessel sinks . I am especially happy that I was able to keep my large countertop because I saved money , time and work . I love this sink!I will state that there was a slight blue mark in the porcelain on the front vertical edge of the sink . The location was not obvious or I would have had to exchange the sink . This explains the 4 star rather than 5 star rating .
 The truck works pretty well . It 's hard to get small items out of the bottom . The truck is actually a little wider than it says as it flares out in the middle and is tight going through some doorways . It carries a lot of weight and is easy to maneuver
 Performs well . Sturdy , bright , and very hot . Fairly easy to assemble . For my purposes , the ability to angle the lights downward as well as upward would have been nice but it 's an easy enough work around .
 These lights were easy to assemble and work great for my garage so I can rebuild and work on all my cars at all hours of the day and night
 !!!!! !!!!! !!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!! !!!!! @ !!!!!! Q !!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!! !!!! !!!! !!!!!! C C !!! ! @@ !! !! !!! !!! !!!! C
 These gloves fit my hands perfectly ! They last as long as I could expect them since I live a rural lifestyle including wood , hay and my garden ; these are my favorites.Still the BEST ! I bought a dozen pair and hand them out to friends and they all report back that they are the best gloves they have used , they fit our feminine hands perfectly and protect us in our rough rural duties .
 For many months I had been searching for a work glove that could handle my work load . You see I am a package handler for a very large shipping operation -LRB- no free ads on my time ... -RRB- and I must put my hands on at least 3,000 shipments per shift . The rubber on these gloves is put in all the right places and is has a tread-like grip something like on a tire.I notice that handlers also need some protection in that space between the thumb and the pointer finger . These gloves provide that as well.One pair lasts me about 2-3 weeks before the rubber wears all the way down . Obviously they are useless without the rubber because then they do n't grip anything.Another suggestion is to get them on the tight side , like one size down . I think they might be cut a little big .
 These gloves really did the job and were comfortable for my gardening . Even worked on brambles in the backyard ! Would highly recommend
 I bought these because my hands were getting torn up while scanning and opening our morning deliveries . They were very stiff the first time I used them but broke in with in two days . Very affordable price compared to some other places . They protect the hands / nail beds well . You might even be able to use them for the weed or thorn pulling while gardening , but I got them for package handling and some grip to hold the scanner . The grip works great and most importantly my manicure is safe .
 I love the Atlas gloves , I work at a plant nursery and use them all day long.I never used to wear gloves , but my coworker got me hooked on the Atlas NT370s . My hands never sweat in these gloves , and their so comfy ! I also have very small hands and I can actually find a size that fits me . However , I need a good pair of gloves that can resist sharp plants and thorns . I need an extra small and have trouble finding that size . Does anyone if the Atlas Work Glove is good for this ? Any help or suggestions would be very helpful .
 I drive a truck for a large national dollar store chain . We unload all freight by hand , that 's every single box , mind you . On an average week I handle over 10,000 boxes . My first week with these was a rather busy week and I handled a little over 13,000 . These gloves held up beautifully ! I will update just how long they last , since that is the key issue for me , life span . I had been using Wells-Lamont Nitrile Coated gloves as they are readily available at most Wally-Worlds and they 're only $ 4.50 a pair or so . But they only last around 2 weeks for me . I expect these gloves to last quite a bit longer based on this first week of use . Will be washing them as well to see how they hold up .
 Every household needs a few good sets of gloves . Our first choice is the Atlas Fit 300 work glove and we just picked up a new pair at our local hardware store . We chose the large size because it would fit either my hands or my wife 's . The gloves are well made , comfortable and inexpensive . The gloves have a good gripping surface either when wet or dry . If they get too dirty , well they 're washable . I use them for a host of household tasks . My wife uses them mainly for gardening . They 're long lasting and just an excellent product and not very expensive.Gary Peterson
 This tool set is a surprising value for the casual shadetree mechanic . The sockets appear to be decent quality steel with relatively thick socket walls -LRB- for strength -RRB- . The ratchet handles have a slightly cheap ratcheting feel , in that there is some slop in the mechanism compared to my 15 year old Craftsman handle ... but perform their task well enough for the casual mechanic . Having 1/4 '' , 3/8 '' and 1/2 '' handles plus a breaker bar makes it easy to step up in torque capacity when needed , and the socket selection is extensive . The case is nothing to write home about - if you stand it up on edge , many of the sockets fall out of their spots -LRB- but stay in the case -RRB- . I solved this problem by placing a scrap of foam drawer liner on top of the sockets before snapping the case shut.For wrenching on my 30 year old Porsche on the weekends , this fits the bill nicely.If you 're not a pro who has to use your tool set every day , I 'd say go for it !
 Quality is good enough for me , case is functional and the selection of sockets is unreal for this price . All the tools I need to work on my car in one box . -- update -- after three years of use on multiple cars , all parts are in perfect condition . Also , I have lost none of the parts , because the case actually works to keep the parts in place except for those little plastic things .
 I agree the case could be better , ratchets feel inexpensive etc. . But the range of sizes and selection is awesome . One can not ask for more considering the price . Great choice for someone not using it everyday .
 good product . I have had the product for about a year . it is heavy duty and stylish . Worth the money .
 This is a very well built product.The lock actually has a `` pin Type '' cylinder key mechanism.A secure locking mechanism is hard to find for a patio door.A very secure quality product .
 lock was prime line brand not crl but decent quality . lock set was very tight . poor construction but some graphite and working lock open and closed solved the problem . all metal construction other than handle and left and right compatible . be sure to turn lock set upside down if using in left side configuration .
 Good quality product , fit right in existing door with no problems . Key lock is much better than others that I looked at . Only thing I did n't like was the instructions were not well written , so pay attention on how the old one comes off if replacing .
 Weatherguard Greenhouse , 6x8 , #IS 62901I ordered two of the 6x12 and connected end-to-end for total 6x24 . Height , width and length more than ample for tomatoes , peppers , cukes , etc. . Almost anything that will vine . Steel frame easily supports hanging plants plus vines . Greenhouse construction depends on ropes and outer skin to hold it together . Probably okay in most cases , but , in rural central Texas , we average winds over 20 mph , which is why I wanted the greenhouse ... to protect plants . I added screws to each joint for safety plus attached steel frame to wood base and home made 36 '' anchors rope tied to upper frame for stability . Wind was over 45 mph last week and no problem . I 'd recommend the greenhouse as an economical solution for wind protection .
 initially i was worried that some parts might have gotten lost as the box it came in had a lot of damage by the time we received it . however , once we put everything together -LRB- it IS easier with two people -RRB- , we found that nothing was missing . we ended up bracing the greenhouse to the concrete in the backyard as lancaster , ca can get very , very windy . the instructions that came with the package was actually NOT for this particular size but , luckily , we figured it out . if not for the state of the box it came in -LRB- as well as the not-so-helpful instructions -RRB- , i would 've rated this product a `` 5 . ''
 -- Weatherguard 63012 8-by-12-Foot GreenhouseWeatherguard 63012 8-by-12-Foot Greenhouse11 out of 10 on this greenhouse . Amazing . Installed easy . Installed by myself -LRB- wished for help , had two ladders -RRB- . Followed the instructions to the letter . The manufacturers are genius . Everything fit perfect . 80 mile an hour winds as soon as it was set up . The wind picked it up and set it down 10 feet away with no damage to the greenhouse . Greenhouse remained assembled . The wind set it down on top of some lawn furniture . Pushed the greenhouse back into place -LRB- one side at a time -RRB- . Staked the greenhouse and it has withstood 50 mile an hour winds twice . Temperature plunged to 16 degrees . Wrapped citrus trees with frost blankets and the citrus are in fine shape -LRB- complete with blooms and fruit -RRB- . It has been below freezing for the last five -LRB- 5 -RRB- nights . Purchased the 6 by 12 foot greenhouse and , I wish the greenhouse was one foot wider and one foot taller . I had to prune some of the tree tops -LRB- ten trees -RRB- . For the amount of money spent on this greenhouse I can not say enough good things about it . I plan to add screws to the joints of the greenhouse in the spring to use with a shade cloth . I did not have to drag ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- trees inside my house . I love it .
 Two very handy men put this up today in less than four hours . Key was to organize all the parts in advance . This is not a difficult installation . The directions are basic . READ through them a couple of times . One just needs to use good common sense and visualize the end result , and then the directions make sense.With the Amazon PRIME account , I paid an extra eight dollars for next day delivery and sure enough , it arrived next day without a problem.CON
 Seem like all the parts and all concerned are of very good quality , from what I can tell so far.It is Feb and still very much Winter time here in Alaska , so have been laying it out as much as I have room for in my working shed . I like what I see so far as the quality of they parts.Also , Amazon had this to me in Alaska in 5 days and that should break a record for receiving anything here , I will be ordering again from Amazon , no company has come close to getting me anything here in that length of time . GREATI would Recommend this product at this point
 This thermostat was installed in my home with a new heat pump and air handler . I realize that it lacks bells and whistles in the form of programming , but honestly this is so easy to use that I would n't want to clutter it up with extra features.Our old mercury thermostat required our keeping a flashlight and a pair of reading glasses nearby just to change the temperature - not this one ! The display is large , bright , and easy to see just when walking by.It is so easy to change temps , and it keeps the air temperature right there within one degree of the setting . It does click as it cycles but I expect I will get used to that.I do believe that this is one of those things where the simplest unit is the correct choice as it does everything I need it to do and does it spectacularly well . Two thumbs up !
 If you want the best digital non-programmable t-stat on the market , look no further . It 's super easy to setup , easy to level , easy to mount and install batteries , and VERY easy to read . This is one great t-stat !
 I bought this for the backlight and have not been disappointed . It is very simple and does what I need it to do .
 This digital thermostat looks better than the `` retail '' versions that are sold at home stores . It was not difficut to install and works great .
 We love this thermostat , no more getting cold and then hot it keeps our house within 1 degree.Was easy to install .
 Let 's be frank ... for the most of us , we do n't really need a $ 200-300 thermostat that can bake you a cake while telling you how hot or cold it is in your house . Yup ... some of these fancy thermostats are super cool to have , but may not be the greatest thing in the world for people like ... my parents.I purchased this thermostat to replace an older thermostat that stopped working correctly -LRB- and was never used correctly -RRB- . It had the whole 7 day programmable thing going on with Away , Day , Night , Sleep , etc. cycles . My folks just wanted a simple thermostat that they could turn on when needed , set to the temp they wanted , and not think too much about how to set their home to the right temperature . This thermostat works perfectly for them and they love it!Only thing of concern ... in the photos , the display looks darn right humongous . I thought to myself , wow ... this will be great for my mom whose vision has slid over the years . In reality , the display is pretty small . The dimensions of the unit are listed on the Amazon site and I did n't take the time to figure out how big this unit really is . It 's not that big . So if you 're buying this primarily for the HUGE display ... just know ... it 's not that huge . I 'm taking away one star for that fact , because the product description states
 This digital thermostat is easy to operate and it was very easy to install , It took 5 minutes to install . It is much better than old mercury thermostats .
 Easy to install . Used 3 of these for our in-floor heating . Controls much better than the old round analog thermostats .
 What can you say about a thermostat ? It matches the others in the house , was fairly easy to install , and works great !
 My HVAC guy recommended this model when I told him I wanted to get a digital thermostat and install it myself . Very easy to install and works like a charm !
 We had to replace our older unit and saw this one was much cleaner and better looking with a large digital display . Installation was simple and involved matching wires . Just take note of your old unit and copy what was done when connecting the new one . It 's been working for over two years now with no problems.Honeywell makes slight -LRB- very slight -RRB- changes to their line of products constantly . So do n't be worried if you got one and need to get the same one but can not find it . Chances are you will see a different version but it will be nearly identical besides cosmetic differences like size and color . We have an older version that is a little bigger but it is virtually the same in every other way . I was going nuts trying to get that exact model but it was sold out and phased out by that time . This was its replacement I realized .
 can set limits for heat and cold for renters . Small and easy to see display . Name brand and great price .
 This thermostat works great . We love the digital display so we can set it at the tempurature we want , and it stays at that setting . No more 3-4 degree swings in the house tempurature either , set it at 70 degrees and when it gets to 69 degrees on comes the furnace and back off at 70 . After we installed it the outline of the old thermostat showed up so we ordered the cover plate , installed the medium one and that took care of that . Highly recommend this thermostat .
 I am very pleased with my new therm so far . I do wish I would have gotten one with bigger readings but I thought this one was pretty big . But once I push buttons and it lights up , I can see the numbers better . And for the price you ca n't beat it . So overall I ca n't complain . I probably would have rated it as a 5 if it was bigger but I 'm pleased with it . My unit is a 1989 version so I 'm truly blessed that we have not had to replace it . My AC was at the point where it would n't cut off even when the house would get cold . So I researched on Google and ask why is my AC not turning off and my house is freezing . Well , answer revealed . So I shopped around on amazon and read the reviews as usual and made a decision to go with the Honeywell . We were literally turning our A/c off and on . I knew something was wrong after all of that going on . And besides , Now that I 'm older I need to see and know the True temp . So you know how old my thermo was . I really should have relpaced it years ago . I am really enjoying the Honeywell and it 's like having a new AC . And now I can see what the temp really is . My husband replaced it with no complains . So far , so good .
 Arrived in perfect condition with thorough installation and operating instructions for various heating and/or cooling systems and it was easy to install . The size of the display is adequate to read as it lights up when needed . I would buy again . A wall plate is available on Amazon when replacing a bigger thermostat -LRB- I did n't need it -RRB- . The old mercury switch thermostat I replaced was the same size as this unit .
 Had to have a new one . Researched Honeywell who appears to be the primary manufacturer . This one was rated Best & limited to Contractors . Found it on Amazon . My AC guy installed it for me when he checked my system .
 I love how the text on the thermostat is nice and big . No matter how tired I am I can read the numbers and make the adjustment I want .
 I had a Peerless residential boiler installed 5 years ago.A robert shaw themostat was used.The boiler would not start reliably using the robert shaw thermostat . The plumbers made at least 5 visits to our place.A plumber from out of town recommendedthis specific honeywell focus pro non programmable thermostat.He had seen problems in his multiple experiences with a poorconnection of the thermostat to the boiler . Probably other problemswith this too.We had the original company come back and hook up the honeywelland the boiler is starting up right away as needed.This is a relief and is much appreciated to have a reliable systemoperating thus far!Thank you !
 I installed a programmable Honeywell RTH7600D thermostat in the home of my parents -LRB- who are in their late 70s -RRB- to replace an old mercury switch thermostat . It worked great , but then I started to worry about what would happen if the programming got screwed up by accident . It seemed unlikely that my parents would be able to wade through the instruction booklet , and the thermostat was n't intuitive enough for me to talk them through it on the phone . And besides , my parents had been in the habit of adjusting the thermostat at wake-up time and at bed time for most of their lives , so the programming feature was kind of overkill for them.As a replacement , I picked the Honeywell FocusPro 5000 , and everybody has been thrilled with it . It has only 4 buttons whose functions are completely obvious -LRB- temp up , temp down , fan auto/on , and heat/cool/off -RRB- . The only time you need the instructions is during initial set-up so the thermostat knows what kind of system it 's controlling , but once that 's over with , the instructions can go in the drawer.This thermostat does NOT require batteries , unless it 's hooked to a system that lacks a `` common '' or `` C '' wire . Most systems installed in the past 20 years have a 24 volt common wire terminal on them , in which case batteries are n't required as the thermostat takes power from the HVAC system itself . It 's possible that some systems that have a 24 volt common capability did n't have it hooked up because many older thermostats did n't need 24 volt power , but if that 's the case , it 's pretty easy to make the connection at the furnace or air handler -LRB- turn off the power first ! -RRB- and then make the connection at the other end on the thermostat using one of what are probably several spare wires tucked back into the wall behind the old thermostat.The FocusPro 5000 has a huge display that even the most visually impaired person can read easily , day or night . The back light is strong and comes on for about 8 seconds once you press the temp up or temp down button . Digits and letters are dark and bold . Temperature control is precise . Yes , there is a soft click when the relays turn the fan or compressor on , but it 's only minimally annoying , and I do n't know how it might be avoided -LRB- unless you go back to a thermostat with a mercury switch -RRB- . My only word of caution
 This has changed our life . It is easy to install and easy to use . No more trying to figure out what temp to keep the house , it does it on its own . You just set a high and a low and it kicks on the heat or the AC . I have n't touched the thermostat since I installed it and the house has been at an even temp , night and day .
 This unit was installed with a new air handler about a week ago . Its simple and intuitive enough to operate without using the instruction manual . No programming functions are available . The screen is bright and the text is easy enough to read . Id prefer if all of the text was a bit darker to provide a bit more contrast and make it easier to read but it is n't an issue the way it is.The only real benefit of this unit over a conventional mercury switch thermostats is that it can maintain temperature to a very specific temperature which so far seems that the AC is cycling less than it used to . I ca n't give this unit all of the credit however , as the new air handler is more efficient than the one it replaced.You have to use batteries to power the unit . Being new I do n't know what the battery life will be yet but I see this as a negative over an `` old '' style conventional thermostat.The only other complaint I have about this unit is that there is a clearly audible click as the unit cycles on or off.In general I would n't spend the money to upgrade to this unit from a conventional thermostat unless you do it as part of an overall HVAC system upgrade .
 I 've replaced several older thermostats in homes with this newer model . It is simple and works great.A nice feature is that it goes down to 40f degrees . This enable people who may go way for long periods , like weekend dwellers , to keep the heating costs low when they 're not at the home .
 The place we moved into had an analog -LRB- mercury switch -RRB- thermostat that was next to useless , it was over 10 degrees off and would n't keep a temperature the house was either too hot or too cold and we had to get up and manually operate it all the time which was highly ANNOYING . I purchased this honeywell unit and it was easy to install and the display is nice and easy to use . It is very accurate and we set the high and low temps and it keeps the house at the temperature we set it at without us having to constantly get up and fool with it . This is one of those things im kicking myself for not buying sooner , im sure it will more than pay for itself in a month or 2 with the energy saved over the old unit !!!
 I am a Design/Builder in NC and have tried multiple models of Energy Star Thermostats on my homes . They have been a real pain in the arse -LRB- to say the least ! -RRB- to figure out . Plus my customers call me back and ask me to switch them to the regular Thermostat because they too ca n't figure out the programming.This is the simple way to save on power bills and Thermostat abuse ! It has a security code which allows you to limit the temperature ranges !!!! This means the end of Thermostat abuse for the person who pays the power bills.We set ours to a maximum temperature of 72 for Heat in the Winter , and a maximum Cool of 76 in the Summer . This will save Us plenty . Children , Students , Grandparentas , Office Workers , House Guests and Gremlins wo n't be able to abuse our Precious Resources nearly as much with these Simple Instruments !!!! Lower your Carbon Footprint today and get the right model for your home , office or business . IF you must use an Emergency Heat Strip , I believe you 'll need to get a different model . I do n't use our Heat Strip and that saves on power bills as well!Plus the Folks at Honeywell have good Technical Support . If you are n't a mechanic , buy the right model and have a pro install them . The wiring can be tricky .
 Like others who chose this product , I wanted a simple thermostat sans programmable options . The most important step is to label the wires BEFORE you remove your old thermostat.I would have had this installed in 30 minutes or less except I forgot to charge my battery powered drill ! Had a quick snack while giving the battery 30 minutes tp charge . Everything you need is in the box
 This product was recommended from my H&A guy . It was easy to install , just match up the wires of like colors .
 Pros
 It was very easy to install it . Works like a switch but also does dimming .
 Installation is a challenge given that Leviton 's wiring diagram is not as clear as it could be . The key for a DIY with minimal experience in 3-way switches , which I located from more than an hour 's research online , is that black goes to black -LRB- hot -RRB- and brown and red are `` travelers . '' In my circumstances , I have only black and white wires , so that translated into black on dimmer to black source -LRB- hot -RRB- , red on dimmer to black traveler , and brown on dimmer to white traveler . After hours of trial and error in getting it sorted and connected effectively , the switch delivers on function with ease . This switch does not work effectively with other dimmers as it has no integrated full switch on/off that would be required to use more than one dimmer in the circuit . In other words , this switch is only effective with single-pole or 3-way where there is a standard switch in tandem with this switch .
 I bought this dimmer for style as well as function . I liked that the dimmer was built into the switch so no side slider or anything . As others have said you have to turn it all the way on before lowering switch to dim bulbs . I do n't have an issue with this as it takes like half a second and I paid like $ 12 bucks . For $ 40 you can buy one that 's more sensitive but really ? Not an issue as I said . The switch itself is a little loose in its fit inside its housing but so what . You only use it to turn the thing on and off and dim . Not a steering wheel or a video game joystick . lol . I will use this product again and am ordering more for other rooms .
 I received this blower the day after I ordered it , which I really appreciated , since it was cold winter weather and my woodstove puts out almost zero heat without a blower.It was easy to install and works great to replace my 4C448 Dayton Blower.My only complaint is , it seems like you should be able to purchase a replacement motor without getting the entire blower and squirrel cage which my original ones were still in good condition . It is a much easier swap out this way.Jerry
 This fan fit perfectly on my Nashua woodstove , but it is definitely noisier than the original fan and tends to set up vibrations in the flue damper and the stove door handle . The original fan was a Fasco , and I 'm wondering if it would have been worth it to have paid the extra bucks for the Fasco . A minor quibble is that wire nuts were not supplied to connect the old power cord to the fan .
 I 've been installing carpet for 8 years now . Some of those other cheap plastic kickers you see a bunch of great reviews on here for are crap . Sure , they may work for someone who does n't want to pay to rent one , or for a carpet guy to come in and re-stretch their rug but other then that , not so much . Roberts is one of the bigger names that real installers use . I 've owned this model before , and have seen it and similar models to this last years , even being used almost every day . The knee pad can be unscrewed and a thicker one placed on - this is not required but if you use it for hours each day you 'll appreciate the added padding , but need to hit it harder , which may make it wear out sooner . This was n't my top choice , I prefer the one that is wider and has an extra row of teeth ... but this was the only one in stock that could get here quickly for work . Do not bypass a Roberts brand kicker for the cheaper ones with more reviews if you need this for more then just occasional kicking . If you do n't want your carpet bubbling again in 12 months , or to kill your knee or possibly shatter the thing and now end up paying more then the price difference by having to buy a new one ... spend a couple extra dollars and go with a Roberts .
 I purchased this Knee Kicker from Amazon with free shipping and two day free delivery at a price well below other sellers online and off . My grandson who is a professional carpet layer said Roberts Carpet Deluxe is the best he has ever used in his business and in fact used the one I am reviewing and agrees with the 5 star rating .
 What can I say , it does the job . The fins , which are open to the air , should dissapate the heat quite well .
 These work very well and can take the abuse of kids ! Ignore the negative review - it appears that person did n't know how to wire three-ways switches . Of course you need two three ways to wire two switches to a single light . That is not a flaw of the product but simple electrical engineering . The product is perfect for both on/off and dim mechanics . Highly recommended .
 Excellent alternative to more expensive Lutron dimmers . Just note that they are 3-way dimmers and do n't work correctly on their own . The toggle switch on the bottom is non functional if used as a single dimmer , which means you ca n't turn the lights off ... just dim them .
 Used it to swap coil springs on my Jeep TJ ... Made job go super fast and totally safe ... did n't even have to jack up my Jeep ... Very well designed , and high quality materials at a great price .
 I 've trekked many miles , guided by the same Brunton 7DNL baseplate compass I received from my wilderness survival camp counselor , decades ago . There are a few scuffs , and the edges are n't pristine , and yet it still works fine . It 's just as accurate as several $ 20 ~ $ 80 compasses my peers carry , and has survived a fair amount of abuse . While it 's not as rugged as some other models , for the price you can buy 2 or 3 of them so you have spares . As well , you wo n't feel as guilty should one disappear , or be damaged . Its compact size makes it handy , but also makes it a little harder to get precise bearings . It also does n't have true declination adjustment , only an etched-in scale , which can lead to some issues if you forget this nuance . For casual trips , I 'm quite comfortable with relying on the Brunton 7DNL . For anything more critical , it 's my backup compass -LRB- to a more-expensiveSuunto M-3DL Compass , which I tend to baby -RRB- .
 This is a great option instead of Freud bits which are 2 to 3 times more expensive . I was able to make a 5 inch window trim and these router bits handled it perfectly .
 My experience with Woodline bits is that they 're a good value . I have n't used these yet , but have twenty plus that I have , and thus far , they hold up well .
 I own many Woodline router bit sets , including this one , and every one of them has been very impressive with no exception . The bits are very well made with perfect carbide edges and never a scratch on any of them . They can cut all day without a problem . The cuts are always very smooth even when cuts are very aggressive using the larger bits.The bits have a lifetime warranty which is an indicator of the faith Woodline has in their own product . Woodline 's customer service was very helpful and courteous in the one occasion when I contacted them about a different product .
 For bathrooms and closets where you might want just a little light , such as when someone is sleeping in the adjoining bedroom or when your eyes are not ready for a lot of light , this is the perfect switch . It always starts low , but gets bright with the flick of a finger . The illuminated toggle is bright enough to see in a dark room , but not too bright . Includes instructions for single-pole installation , and works fine that way .
 I have installed these in several places in my house and they work great ! I love the fact that it is a dimmer switch and when it is turned completely off it glows .
 I have replaced most of the switches in my house with these . You get easy-to-find illuminated switches with mood-setting -LRB- family room , dining room , over the jacuzzi -RRB- and shock-saving -LRB- bathroom in the middle of the night -RRB- dimming .
 The switch is much brighter than previous products I have used in the past . Really easy to install .
 I chose the leviton 3 way illuminated dimmer switch for its clear toggle which is complemental to my antique pewter wall plate switch covers . The illuminated toggle switch will allow a person to never enter into a darken room and the smooth operation of the toggle is quite during its operation when turning on the lights . The 600 watt switch allows for two light fixtures to be lit and dimmed at the same time giving me the lighting effect for the room that I am in , be it living room , dinning room or kitchen I can set the light level that I want . The replacement of the old 3 way switch was easy and quick to change out and the price was great .
 Works well with dimming LED or incandescent lights . Only can be used in one location . The other switch must be a standard three way switch .
 These gloves fit my hands perfectly ! They last as long as I could expect them since I live a rural lifestyle including wood , hay and my garden ; these are my favorites.Still the BEST ! I bought a dozen pair and hand them out to friends and they all report back that they are the best gloves they have used , they fit our feminine hands perfectly and protect us in our rough rural duties .
 For many months I had been searching for a work glove that could handle my work load . You see I am a package handler for a very large shipping operation -LRB- no free ads on my time ... -RRB- and I must put my hands on at least 3,000 shipments per shift . The rubber on these gloves is put in all the right places and is has a tread-like grip something like on a tire.I notice that handlers also need some protection in that space between the thumb and the pointer finger . These gloves provide that as well.One pair lasts me about 2-3 weeks before the rubber wears all the way down . Obviously they are useless without the rubber because then they do n't grip anything.Another suggestion is to get them on the tight side , like one size down . I think they might be cut a little big .
 These gloves really did the job and were comfortable for my gardening . Even worked on brambles in the backyard ! Would highly recommend
 I bought these because my hands were getting torn up while scanning and opening our morning deliveries . They were very stiff the first time I used them but broke in with in two days . Very affordable price compared to some other places . They protect the hands / nail beds well . You might even be able to use them for the weed or thorn pulling while gardening , but I got them for package handling and some grip to hold the scanner . The grip works great and most importantly my manicure is safe .
 I love the Atlas gloves , I work at a plant nursery and use them all day long.I never used to wear gloves , but my coworker got me hooked on the Atlas NT370s . My hands never sweat in these gloves , and their so comfy ! I also have very small hands and I can actually find a size that fits me . However , I need a good pair of gloves that can resist sharp plants and thorns . I need an extra small and have trouble finding that size . Does anyone if the Atlas Work Glove is good for this ? Any help or suggestions would be very helpful .
 I drive a truck for a large national dollar store chain . We unload all freight by hand , that 's every single box , mind you . On an average week I handle over 10,000 boxes . My first week with these was a rather busy week and I handled a little over 13,000 . These gloves held up beautifully ! I will update just how long they last , since that is the key issue for me , life span . I had been using Wells-Lamont Nitrile Coated gloves as they are readily available at most Wally-Worlds and they 're only $ 4.50 a pair or so . But they only last around 2 weeks for me . I expect these gloves to last quite a bit longer based on this first week of use . Will be washing them as well to see how they hold up .
 Every household needs a few good sets of gloves . Our first choice is the Atlas Fit 300 work glove and we just picked up a new pair at our local hardware store . We chose the large size because it would fit either my hands or my wife 's . The gloves are well made , comfortable and inexpensive . The gloves have a good gripping surface either when wet or dry . If they get too dirty , well they 're washable . I use them for a host of household tasks . My wife uses them mainly for gardening . They 're long lasting and just an excellent product and not very expensive.Gary Peterson
 Have had this caulk gun for about two weeks and have to say it 's the best I 've owned to date . I 'm a self-employed builder so I 've had a few over the years . Rotating barrel is handy for maneuvering the tip of the caulk tube in tight spaces and you do n't have to strain to push out the caulk . Also , the flow stops after pressing the rear tab . Costs more than the `` cheapos '' , but like most anything else you get what you pay for .
 I had borrowed a caulking gun from my brother-in-law . And this one is a lot better . It seems to made out of more durable metal . I looked at Home Depot but theirs did not look like it would last very long . Those caulk are hard to get out of the tube . I really do recommend this one . I know it will last.I think I am the best caulker now than my brother-in-law .
 I had n't bought a caulk gun in about 30 years , and did n't realize there as anything new in caulk gun technology , but this beats the heck out of my old cheap gun . Like it says , it 'll cut off the tip of the caulk tube , and there 's a long pin to pierce the seal . This means you wo n't find yourself on the top of a 24-foot ladder realizing you forgot to bring a long nail or utility knife with you.The handle is easy to squeeze , and wo n't wear out your hand quickly . The caulk stops flowing when you stop squeezing . You can also rotate the barrel -LRB- and thus the tube of caulk -RRB- , which is handy if you like to cut the spout at an angle.It 's all very solid metal , so it 's not likely to be damaged if you step on it or drop it from the roof . Even if you only use a caulk gun a couple times a year , I think this is worth the additional money , because it 's much more pleasant to use than a $ 3 standard gun .
 Wondered if this caulking gun could be that much better than the cheap versions I 've owned previously - without a doubt , it is . Solid construction , and control is precise . Have a lot of painting to do and this will make the job much easier .
 I use a caulking gun almost everyday and have owned several over the years . This caulking gun pushes the caulk out of the tube with very little effort . It is very well constructed -- precise construction , tight tolerances . Their is no slop in the push rod which slides smother than any other that I have ever seen or used . The caulk gun is worth the extra money . I would recommend this over any others .
 This is one of those rare tools that is actually as good , or maybe even better , than claimed . One of my carpenter friends told me about this and raved about how much better it was than the cheap imitations sold in most hardware outlets . After trying out his unit I was duly impressed and bought my own . One of the best bargains I 've come across in some time . I enjoy using efficient well made tools . This definitely fits in that category . I just finished caulking all the joints and edges on a fairly ambitious siding project , a job I usually dislike . This time the finish-up was actually a pleasure ! My other caulk guns are going to recycling !
 I 'm a bonafide tool snob . I love using tools that really work . My grandfather used to say , `` A poor craftsman blames his tools , '' but I ca n't agree . This caulking gun is an example where the tool can make a huge difference . I 've used many many home center guns and years ago I bought a pretty nice orange one from Home Depot . Worked pretty well , solid cast metal , much better than the stamped steel ones you normally see there . I was amazed last week when the handle on the orange one snapped while I was using it . I decided to find a really good one and went to Amazon to do some research and I ended up with this Newborn Brothers 250 . WOW , this one is in a whole differnt league than the orange one was . Much more powerful , and when I release the pressure it stops flowing every time . Highly recommended .
 This is a great caulking gun . The pressure is amazing . The tube cutter is actually sharp . The puncture tool is long enough to reach inside the long spouted tubes . The way the whole barrel roles around as you 're applying the caulking is really great ... just enough friction to keep it where you need it until you 're ready to move it . I would recommend it to all contractors .
 One of the best guns i have purchased ! well worth the money ! With just a light pull i get more than enough product out of the gun .
 All you need is a light touch to squeeze the caulk out . Still adjusting to the power of the trigger after many years with a cheap basic unit . The attached straight wire is just right to punch a hole in the inner seal on most caulk cartridges . Saves me a lot of time hunting for a thin enough skewer . It deserves the words ` super smooth ' in its name .
 Nice tool sturdier than other chaulking guns , wish it was made in U.S. All in all would recomend purchase and hope it will last .
 This lamp is very well made -LRB- what you 'd expect from Kitchler -RRB- and is a great addition if you 're trying for a whimsical look . The picture is accurate , and , although the glass appears cloudy -LRB- you ca n't see a bulb in it which is a plus -RRB- , light still shines through very brightly at night .
 This is a good quality quiet 3-way switch made by leviton . The installation was easy & well explained . Leviton makes good stuff .
 Best upgrade to normal switch available . Illuminated night light feature helps you find you way in the dark .
 It fits in existing wall plates fitted for normal switches , and the illumination is the outstanding safety feature . I have them all through my house and I can navigate in the dark by the light switches . When the neon light goes out , the bulb is burned out . Most useful switch I have come across .
 Hi!I live in the UK . This seems like a very good productThe only thing is why is this lightswitch only available to to the US ? They should be able to ship it to the UK . I am a Britney Spears fan in the UK , and I fouund lightwswitch covers on eBay , but I ca n't get the back switchy bits here ! Why ? A switch is just a switch . It just lets current through.Please , do something about it !
 I ordered this item and received it on November 23rd . I did my research because I had read complaints from other portable greenhouses that they were flimsy and difficult to put together . This shelf unit is all steel ... poles and shelves . The box weighed 30 lbs . so I knew it was n't plastic . It 's a great buy ! The plastic covering is great . Not a single problem . The item sits on my porch which gets a very strong side wind and I have n't had any problems with it . Other people who purchased similar products talked about having to purchase bricks to hold the unit down . Bricks are not needed with this unit . It is strong and stable and the plastic covering is high quality . I highly recommend this product .
 As I expand my home garden , I wanted to extend the harvest of some plants that do not tolerate frost . This greenhouse is perfect for me . It was easy to put together and can be easily moved around my backyard . It is very stable and does not tip in high winds , which we just had last week ! I ordered a second greenhouse after receiving this item because it is such a great value . I looked around and most other items similar to this greenhouse cost double the price ! I highly recommend this item .
 First off I agree with other reviewers , if you are putting this outside be prepared for it to tip over in a strong wind . I had read those reviews but thought this would be great for an unheated sunroom in our house . We live in northern Wisconsin and ca n't wait to start growing plants but the last freeze often happens in May . The sunroom while helping being unheated often gets a little dicey.So what we did was set this up in our sunroom so we have a greenhouse a greenhouse kind of . I put a couple digital thermometers with memory out , one in the sunroom and one in the greenhouse and tested for a couple days . The greenhouse when closed kept the temperature about 8-10 degrees warmer than the sunroom temp , given an outside low temp of 28 , the sunroom was down to the low 30 's the greenhouse low was 38 one night and 40 another.Hope this idea helps some of you .
 I bought one of these last spring in 2011 . It worked well for me and I am using it again this spring . The only problem I have with is that the plastic cover was not made well . It started ripping in the seams about midway through the summer . This year when I set it up , the plastic had cracked in a few places . I would like to see them make replacement covers for this model , and I can not find anything that fits .
 I bought two of these units after reading reviews of several other portable greenhouses . I put the units together myself in about 20 minutes for each . The stand itself is well made , shelves are attached . Though the plastic cover seems to be of fairly good quality I do n't expect them to last very long . The first day I put up the stand it fell down with just a little wind , even with the little anchors provided . It 's now on my patio against the wall and weighted down on the bottom shelf . Expect to not have use of the bottom shelf . It would help if these units were more wide than they are tall to add stability so as not be so top heavy . Overall , a good buy for the price .
 I used this greenhouse to start our garden plants this past spring . It worked really well . I used velcro strips on the shelves to attach grow lights . We did n't use the heat/seed mats , so when I felt it was getting a bit chilly inside , I 'd place a pan of boiling water on the lowest rack , and zipped up the cover . It seemed to provide enough heat and moisture to keep the plants growing . The plastic did rip away from the zipper in one section . I think it 's just a design flaw , and most likely not the best quality . However , this greenhouse did everything that I wanted , and the price seemed reasonable . -LRB- The only problem was starting seeds inside too soon :-D It 's nice to see things growing when it 's still cold , wet and grey outside !! -RRB-
 This portable green house arrived ontime and was easy to assemble . It is just what I wanted and works great .
 This is a great mini greenhouse especially if you live in an apt building like I do . This will keep my sub-temperate carnivorous plants in a safe dormant state until the spring when i plan on removing the cover for the season . Well built and easy to put together .
 You ca n't use it in Texas in the summer or fall or it will get so hot that it basically cooks whatever is inside . But . . that 's not really the intended use so I ca n't complain about that . The only issue I have with it is that it will blow over in a high wind which is a pain to clean up . Just be sure you have it weighted down on the bottom or somehow anchored against the wind .
 Bought as gifts for two gardeners and they did their starter plants in them this past spring ! Result
 What can i say ? I was n't blown away by the quality but i was n't disappointed either . i bought it to start some seeds in the spring . i have put it together which took a maybe 15 minutes with two people . Would be a little difficult to assemble on your own . I currently have it set up with some 3 gallon planters and indoor plants near a sliding glass door for light . it is very stable with two 3 gal and 1 gal on the top shelf . the cover has a zipper on each side and rolls up for access or warm days . the cover material seems durable but the zippers are the typical low grade plastic that i would n't expect to last very long . Except for windy conditions i would probably leave it unzipped anyway . Plastic caps on the feet so it wo n't mar your floor for inside use . overall a good buy .
 This is a fantastic dimmer . You can set it to go up to 80 % so , if used with halogen fixtures the bulbs will last forever . It is also easy to use and a breeze to install .
 Once upon a time , the big names in light switches - Leviton , Lightolier and Cooper - made electronic dimming switches that worked correctly . You tap the top to turn it on , and the bottom to turn it off . You hold the top to brighten , and the bottom to dim.Now-a-days , the name-brand switches have moved to a bizarre `` tap the bottom to toggle '' model . This does n't work for anyone I know , especially in a house like ours where many of the light switches are in places where you ca n't easily see the lights , such as the garage , deck , some bathrooms.This switch works as it should . The top brightens , the bottom dims . It can not handle flourescents and the side fins may need to be trimmed off -LRB- they 're designed for that ; wriggle them with a pair of pliers a few times and off they pop -RRB- to fit in a multi-gang -LRB- side-by-side light switch -RRB- box . But other than that , it 's about perfect .
 This is a great high-end dimmer and excellently suited for rooms like the master bedroom where training kids and guests will not be a problem . The fade on/fade off feature is pleasant , and the memory feature that remembers your last intensity setting is also nice.I made the mistake of installing these in the rooms of my young children where it 's heavily used by them , their friends , babysitters/nannies , and other visitors . It 's not well-suited for this kind of mixed audience for the following reasons :1 -RRB- A single push on the top of the switch fades on the lights to the last used intensity . A single touch at the bottom fades it off . Holding the switch down in either direction triggers the dimming/undimming . This distinction is lost on small children and visitors , who always end up holding the switch and dimming and undimming to the desired intensity . This is annoying to them when they simply want to turn the lights on and off . This misunderstanding is aggravated by the fact that it takes a split second to begin fading off when you touch it on .2 -RRB- Say that you last had the dimmer to 100 % intensity then turned it off . If you need to go into the room in the middle of the night -LRB- e.g. your child is crying -RRB- and you want to turn it on to 50 % , it 's difficult to do this without going all the way to blazing 100 % and then back down to 50 % . When you touch OR hold , the switch will rapidly head toward 100 % , and you can stop it by quickly touching down to stop it before it gets to 100 % . You can imagine this being undesirable in many cases.Again , it 's a nice switch , but it you ought to think twice about where you 're putting it .
 I love this dimmer . We recently moved from a house that had lots of recessed lighting with dimmers and our new house had lots of recessed lights but no dimmers . I bought some of these leviton mural dimmers to install in the kitchen , dining , family and game room . I could n't be happier with these . I love the way they fade-in or fade-out with one touch of the rocker . I have to imagine that the fade feature is easier on the light bulbs since most bulbs seem to fail when you first turn them on . And the small LEDs are helpful to find the switches in the dark -- things our old house 's dimmers did n't do . I 'm planning on putting these throughout most of the rest of the house where they make sense . These are way better than a simple rocker switch or a simple sliding dimmer , but there is a very small learning curve to using them . -LRB- ie . there are 5 or 6 different functions depending on how you tap or hold -RRB- . Its actually quite intuitive , but if you are the type that wants super simple , then I 'd stick with a sliding dimmer .
 I installed this dimmer in a bathroom because the wall sconces I bought with Xenon bulbs were a bit overpowering . I wanted a dimmer with memory that was easy to use and this one seemed the simplest - no additional buttons or knobs to fiddle with . The only problem I 've noticed is that some guests who use the bathroom do n't get the hang of tapping the switch to turn on or off . Instead they hold the switch down to turn off , which dims the lights , but does not completely shut them off . I find myself having to explain how to use the light switch , which embarassed one guest .
 We have this dimmer in the master bedroom because the features it provides . At night there is a soft glow from the switch making it easy to find . When the lights are turned off they fade slowly allowing you to get to bed before they are completely off . And obviously having the ability to adjust the intensity of the lights is nice in any room .
 Bought this because my other dimmer switch bit the dust . Installed easily and works good . Only thing is that it 's kind of freaky when you try to adjust the lighting . It likes to go to 1/2 light or full light , settings in between tend to be difficult to achieve . It is nice that it will remember your setting and return to it automatically . I would recommend not going the high tech route if you use the dimmer switch a lot . It has worked fine for me but it would probably get annoying if I used it more often .
 I love these dimmers as you do n't have to worry about using a tiny slider next to the on/off switch . the on/off switch is the dimmer itself , as you just hold down the down side of the rocker to dim and push and hold the up side of the rocker to increase the intensity.Fast shipping , great price - ca n't beat it !
 I bought this light for my husband for his Birthday . He loves to fish at night & this light works `` GREAT '' . He said it was amazing how quickly the fish to came to the light . Be sure to buy a weight to sink this light to the depth you want .
 Very Bright but not very efficent . Starts to get dim after about 4 hours on a 12 volt 9amh battery .
 OK , I 'll admit that I thought that the price on this was too good for it to be any good . But I 'd been through several more expensive entry knobs that had failed on me over the years so when I saw the price on this , I thought I 'd give it a try . I knew that Schlage was a good name , but I suspected these were some low end product . I 'd paid about three to four times as much for hardware that was much harder to install and did n't work as well as I thought it should . This works as well as more expensive hardware . Admittedly , the metal feels somewhat thinner , but the mechanism works well , and it took me all of 5 minutes to install it in my pre-hung entry door . It worked perfectly the first time . Would def buy this brand again .
 I actually bought two of these for Christmas last year , but one was for myself . I use it often , it 's easy on batteries and throws a good size , bright lite.I use the red filter when I am star-gazing but not much use for the others yet.The light is durable and the carry clip is handy enough . It goes in the car on trips as well , fits nicely in the door pocket or the coat pocket.Not cheap , but a solid lite that should last a very long time .
 I 've had this light for 3 years now and being a flashlight geek , it is my favorite . Slim enough to slip in your back pocket and sturdy enough to withstand being dropped . I like AA over AAA and the 2 AA 's must last well over 40 hours . One LED performs great and has less drain than the clusters . A button switch on the end is a no brainer to find .
 My son needed this item to complete his night flight for his private pilot 's license . He was happy to find it here at a good price .
 i have owned this flashlight for more than 11 years now , 10 of it beingmy primary flashlight with a 5 led craftsman as my larger led light.i only buy flashlights with aa batteries for the range of battery options.this flashlight is only 30 lumens and is quite expensive considering itsoutput but look at the wear patterns on this light in my pics.it has gone on thousands of miles of road trips , hunting trips , moving trips , car repairs.this flashlight has been dropped at least 30 times on concrete , asphalt , grass , sand , dirt , mud , motor oil , transmission oil , brake fluid , ice , snow.if it was at least twice as bright , i would buy another and give it 5 starsout of 5 stars . this battery also holds a charge well , goes through at themost 2 batteries on standby a year .
 I 've had mine for 5 years with it being used often and I can say it is a fairly good light . Batteries will last longer with this flashlight than with normal flashlights . It is made of plastic but is extremely durable an d will last .
 I owned one of these flashlights -LRB- for 2 yrs -RRB- in the past and when it broke I went out on the net to find it . Two batteries last for months and I use this flashlight everyday in repairing copiers . I use it 5-6 times a day for 5-10 minutes at a time . It is bright but not super bright . I would highly recommend this flashlight unless super bright is what you are after .
 We are remodeling our home and bought these registers to replace the scratched up vents in every room . We bought these because the price was right and the almond and brown colors matched our flooring well . They are nicely painted , arrived in a few days and were well packaged . Surprisingly these are made in Canada not overseas which was an additional plus .
 I bought a few of these because I like the simple , modern-looking physical switch toggle style , but wanted a good dimmer . Most dimmers have either a separate little slider for the dimmer function , or some other cumbersome setup with too many buttons or an annoying touchpad-like flat surface that takes to long to interface with . Guests do n't find the built-in dimming too intuitive , though , so I guess if you are installing where a lot of non-inquisitive people will be using them maybe that is a consideration . They turn on and off as intuitively as anything , so it only matters if changing dimming is important for new users.These are digital dimmers , so they have a nice gradual turn on and off to the last dimming level . Tap up or down for on or off just like a standard switch . When on , hold up or down to dim up or down . I did have a faulty light fixture that had an intermittent connection that seems to have fried one of the switches , but I liked it well enough to buy another , and I assume that could have happened with most digital dimmers under those sub-optimal conditions.The only complaint I have , which I have found true on every dimmer I have used , is that there is a subtle noise from the switch and the lights themselves when dimmed . It is n't too loud . I am powering halogen G9 bulbs , in case that makes any difference .
 great product , arrived quickly , worked good and saved me some cash from the big box stores
 Product was brand new and genuine brand name.Saved $ 5 each over the big box store.They are installed and working great .
 Easy to put on and works 100 % fine no issues at all . Will buy more for the other bedrooms in this house .
 This item is a great value . Item was as advertised . It was shipped and received very quickly . i would order it again if I needed another .
 Because I live over 40 miles from the nearest small town and 85 miles from the nearest shopping mall , Amazon is my source for many `` everyday '' type items which one might normally run to the corner hardware store to obtain . The product description and the product itself fit the job I needed to complete , perfectly .
 I recently remodeled my kitchen and needed a replacement 4-way switch in light almond . None of the electrical suppliers in my area carried this type of switch in the color I needed . Through Amazon , I was able to locate this switch in the color and style I needed at a price which was competitive with local electrical suppliers -LRB- even after including the shipping cost -RRB- . I will buy similar future products through Amazon . The switch replaced an older Leviton switch in the color Ivory . I prefer Leviton products because they hold up under regular use .
 I was looking for a 4 way switch that matched other switches in a ganged box , I found and ordered this 4 way switch for the job , The price was good , the shipping was lightning fast , I will definitely buy more here when I need them
 needed a gray switch , 4 way , not an easy item to find , but easy to find here .
 With this little gadget you 'll be asking that a lot . Because the lights will be on ! When you put the proper wires on the proper connectors on the switch and tuck it all back into the box and put the light cover on , you 'll be pleasantly surprised and how easy and efficiently this little guy can turn a light on OR off . I would highly recommend this product , if your like me and frequently change your mind . Sometimes I 'm an off kinda guy and then just a few minutes later , I can be an on kinda guy . This switch allows me to be me and that 's what I love about it .
 The perfect application for a basement or other dark area . I have been fitting these all over my house to help me find switches in the dark . The whole top-half of the switch glows a soft orange when turned off.A no-fuss installation had this switch in place and working in minutes . Looks even better when used with a screw-less Decora wall-plate . This is the single-pole version , 3-way switches also available .
 This is a good choice if you have to hunt in a dark room or closet to find the light switch . One square of the rocker switch face lights up with a yellow glow . It 's bright enough to be immediately visible but not too bright , so it would n't be distracting in a dark bedroom . I 've been using this style of switch for over 20 years and the lighting elements never seem to die . If you know what you 're doing , you can replace non-illuminated switches youself in 5 or 10 minutes , although there may be states where you are supposed to have a licensed electrician do the work .
 My wife is easily irritated by lights ; including my LED alarm clock , fan UV indicator , etc. . Hence , I was really worried this would be too bright for our bedroom . The top half of the rocker switch has a soft orange glow when off ; meaning you depress the glow part to switch it on . First night I installed , my wife did n't even notice it until I told her ! Passed the ` dim enough ' test . Installation is simple just like any normal switch .
 Not everyone who comes to your home lives with you as such guests often do not know where the light switches are . In a dark room even home owners might not know exactly where the light switches are in every room . Well thanks to LED technology the light switch tells you where it is by emmiting a small square of dim eye pleasing gold light when the lighting element or thing it controls is powered off . If you have bad vision in the dark this lighted switch makes itself a bit easier to find . The switch is in the `` Decora Design '' which makes it smart looking and fitting of a 21st century home . The price for this switch is modest for all it offers . I replaced every light switch in my condo home with a lighted switch now I and any visitors can find any light switch in a dark room . The lighted decora switches really class up the joint and make it seem ever so posh and I like that !
 I have a guest bath that has no windows which would inevitably leads to guests fumbling around for the light switch . The neon lamp in the switch provides a nice glow making it easy for folks to spot in any lighting conditions . There is no `` hum '' or `` buzz '' created by the lamp . The installation is straightforward and completely documented in Leviton 's usual thorough manner.Energy used is quite minimal and may even be offset by tendacy -LRB- especially of guests and kids -RRB- to switch off more quickly to ` enjoy the glow ' ... I recommend this for guest baths , garages , basements , attics and any other spot where you or guests do n't have enough light / visit frequently enough to find the switch without a visual clue .
 Easy install good price and and works great what more could you want ... . Illumination is nice and dim so it 's not distracting .
 It is a single pole -LRB- single pole means that you only have 1 light switch controlling that one light fixture -RRB- flat pannel switch . It glows RED over the top half when the light switch is in the OFF position.It is not to bright - but bright enough . Its in my kitchen . Very nice at night.Easy to install . The ground -LRB- green screw on switch -RRB- is not necessary to hook up . You only have to attach the red & black wires -LSB- red on top - black on bottom -RSB- .
 It not only switches the lights on , but also off ! Two for one ! -LRB- I 've owned a year and have n't has a single issue -RRB- .
 This switch works very well for finding in the dark and is quiet when switching on and off . The upper half of the switch is illuminated when switched off .
 Ok , so this is a lightswitch . Amazon asked me to review it so here you go
 Very pleased with this , it is not too dim or too bright , just right and good quality as I expected .
 Exactly as pictured , I was just a bit disappointed that the light was so minor in the switch , instead of lighting the whole switch up .
 It 's a good switch . Regular switches give you a natural feel whether it is on or off . This one you have to think about the angle or if there is a second switch if doing a no-look flip .
 I wish the light was a different color and a little dimmer . In the darkness of a room or space -LRB- which is why this product would be bought -RRB- , if the room is a bedroom , the light can be a little too bright and distracting at first .
 Easy to install , emits soft orange light in the off position . Easy drop-in installation and I will buy more if needed for other rooms .
 Was looking for a non-drip caulk gun and this one was an excellent choice . Included a tip cutter in the handle and under the carriage had a long rod to poke through the nozzle tip to release the caulking , a handy feature . Ergonomic handles are much easier to use than standard cheap ones , highly recommend .
 Thought I was gettting a US made product as was more expensive than most - but , alas , not what it appeared to be .
 Was tired of getting sore , cramped hands from using my old quart caulk gun so decided to try this one . Just used it recently on a home I 'm building to glue down interior partitions on a concrete slab . What a difference ! Adhesive comes out smoothly and the trigger is easy on the hands . The barrel rotates just like on the 10 oz model which is also great .
 It works well , just as I expect from Leviton products . I was an electrician for a few years and this is the brand we installed .
 This was fantastic . I had to put two switches in a single gang box in a brick wall and this was such a saving grace to fit both switches in a tight space that could n't fit anything else in the space . It was just what I needed .
 I installed four of these units - 1 in a hallway and three in individual bedrooms . I had to return one unit because it would not activate even after adjusting the sensitivity setting . Three out of the four I have installed work great ! You just walk into the room and the lights come on . You feel funny at first since it is tough to break a habit of turning a light on and off . The last unit I have sometimes does not want to work in the overide mode -LRB- not activated by motion mode - just turn on -RRB- . We like the units - especially with two teenagers . The installation is straight forward . You have to make sure that you are willing to wire switches and understand the necessary precautions while working with electricity -LRB- like ALWAYS tturning the circuit breaker off to the light switch you are changing the switch for .
 I bought a new disposal , but the tube that came with it was too short to reach the drain pipe , so this looked like the perfect solution . I had a hard time figuring out how to install this thing , but I got it eventually . I thought I 'd search around and see if there were instructions online or if anyone else had problems . Looks like I was n't the only one , and I could n't find instructions , so here is how I 'm pretty sure it 's supposed to work :1 . Pop metal flange over disposal end of tube .2 . Insert white flange into disposal end of tube , with cylindrical part extending into tube . This is difficult , I had to squeeze it down into the tube and then pull it back up to get the flange to seat in the lip . I was sure the tube was going to stretch or break , but it did n't .3 . Install rubber gasket onto disposal end of tube , flat side out . There 's a groove in the gasket that fits over the lip -LRB- which is now reinforced by the white flange -RRB- . It seats very securely to the disposal , and the bendy-straw-like bellows allows it to easily install to the drain pipe .
 when you try to install , you will have to kind of force the metal flange over the the end that connects to the garbuerator , then fit the black rubber gasket and it is ready to connect.For the other end thats hooks to the drain pipe I had to use a different gasket than the one provided -LRB- white colour -RRB- . The gasket I used for the drain end has a bit of an angle and can slide over the pipe to form a good seal once you hand tighten the plastic nut connector.This tube was easy to install and saved me the big hassle of having to re-do all the plastic drain pipes to have them aligned properly.The thickness of the tube seems a bit on the thin side but time will tell if it leaks.I highly recommend this product .
 This tape works very very well . I 've used it on my bicycle , as well as on a headlamp I use for camping -LRB- the headlamp is black , so I put a strip of this on it so that it will show up when I search for it using my little LED button light -RRB- . I looked at this tape here on Amazon , and to my surprise , I saw some negative reviews stating that the tape is not reflective . In some cases , this is true -LRB- but these are cases that are n't actually representative of the product 's intended use -RRB- . Here is why
 Awesome product . I use it on my motorcycle & bicycle helmets . Its sticky enough to stay on , but not permanently . I can always take it off without messing up the paint .
 Yeah , this stuff works pretty darn well . I could tell even from hitting it with an LED keychain light in my dark apartment that the stuff lights right up under some pretty weak sources . As it turns out , with a little bit of care , you can get it to conform to a lot of different surfaces too . I got mine to conform to my motorcycle helmet perfectly . The roll size is good for small projects .
 Tape is highly reflective and easy to use . Bought it to increase visibility on my bike and taped it on frame and fenders . Tape sticks well -LRB- I cleaned areas before applying -RRB- . Serves its purpose well -- therefore my 5 starts .
 Length :
 Put this tape on children 's helmets and bikes and was very happy with the results . Product seems much brighter than some other similar products .
 Great Product . Reflects very well in the headlights of cars . Used on Helmet and Scooter . Would reccommend it to anyone .
 We looked at buying reflective cones for our school . After gagging at the price , I looked at putting reflective tape on plain orange cones to make safety reflective cones . This is exactly what we did . The tape solved a very expensive problem for us . I can envision using the tape for other , similar reasons . It reflects car lights well and makes items visible . We will be using it again .
 This stuff is amazing . I bought one roll and cut it into thinner strips , then put it on my bike to make myself more visible at night . The tape does n't look like anything special on the roll , but it 's incredible how reflective it is once you shine a light on it in the dark.Haven ' t ridden in bad weather or anything yet , so not sure how well the tape will stay on over time , but it was plenty sticky enough to stay everywhere I put it , including some tricky curved surfaces . Well worth the price .
 If you 're going to put it on your bike , do n't stick it directly on there . It is basically impossible to get off once it 's on . I would suggest putting down a layer of electrical tape or something first . Other than that it works well .
 This tape is good quality from 3m AND it reflects light the best.Be safe and be seen.Thanks 3m !!!
 Very useful reflective tape , I put this tape on the spokes of my wheelchair wheels to be seen better outside in darker weather by cars using their headlights for safety.Relects very well , I recommend this tape , it can be cut into different sizes and sticks good .
 Easy to use and very bright -LRB- I got the silver color -RRB- I would buy it again if I needed some more
 very good for what l needed , very high reflective tape , easy to install , looks great and blends in with the colour of van
 I put most of it on my bike gear and my bike . Good but I will say that it looks like it will peel soon .
 The tape is reasonably priced , very good quality and easy to use and more importantly its really effective at night . My motor scooter shows up well .
 You 've probably seen scotchlite in action before - it 's built into many athletic backpacks and such . If you have n't , it 's impressive stuff . A car driver , or somebody with a flashlight , can see it from very far away . Even if the light is not directly on the object . For years , I 've had jackets , bags , tents , etc with it built in.So I was excited when I found I could buy a lot of this material , in adhesive form , for pretty cheap . Now I can put it all over my bike , helmet , and other gear.It 's pretty straightforward . The impressive part is really the reflectiveness . It 's just been put into tape form . Sticks pretty well , and so far it holds up just fine against the elements .
 We bought two 3M reflective tapes.This was the best.Even on the darkest tunnels I could see my brothers bike that was infront over 20 meters . I did n't try greater distances . It stucked perfect to the frame and it wont fall apart soon , I swear . You can see it . In fact , I just used half roll .
 I bought this to place on my matte black motorcycle helmet to increase nighttime visibility . Adheres well and is very reflective .
 It was a gift for a friend and it got the job done . Hopefully now no one will hit her mail box or car lol ...
 It 's reflective , but not nearly as much as I had hoped for . I wanted to highlight the fence posts at the outer edge of my driveway . When headlights or backup lights hit these , it 's still hard to see the fence posts . It is wrapped around the post , not vertical . I also have some cheap dollar store reflective tape on there too , I do n't notice much of a difference between them . In fact , there are times I see the cheap stuff before this fancy 3M product .
 Months later this tape looks as good reflecting light on a bicycle frame as the day I put it on.Safety first is the thing . I wrapped the bike frame so it reflects light .
 Works just as advertised . Sticks well to many surfaces and reflects light perfectly . Arrived quickly and well packaged . Rolls could be longer , but it works great .
 I like the reflectiveness and width of this tape ... I am using it on several areas of my trike . But even though it is listed I was still surprised by how little product you receive for the money . I would recommend this product still .
 I just wrapped this tape on my bike spokes , to make the bike a little more visible from the side . They 're definitely more noticeable now , so if anyone is wanting to do the same thing I 'd say go for it . Just make sure you clean the spokes first before you put it on .
 The tape is very reflective of light . I use it on my bike . The delivery was very quick too . Would be better if there are other colors -LRB- . e.g , yellow -RRB- .
 It is a little expensive per inch but very easy to apply . I 'm very happy with it .
 MY FAMILY USES THIS ON ALL OF OUR BIKES , HELMETS , MOTORCYCLES , AND OUR DOGS LEASHES . ITS AN EFFECTIVE SAFETY MEASURE AND STICKS WELL EVEN AFTER BEING IN THE RAIN OR WHATNOT .
 This is a great tape and does exactly what it says . My husband uses it on his motorcycle helmet and motorcycle as added reflection for added visibility when he rides . He loves it and I 'm glad he 's more visible out there !
 Very effective and very reflective . Used this on my walking staff so that when I walk my dog in the evening any vehicles passing by will clearly see us both . Nice stuff .
 My Newfie - Chow mix plays really rough and has broken over 6 light-up type of collars in the past 2 years . So I decided to try putting reflective tape onto a regular nylon collar . Works great . Sticks very well and is easy to clean off . Is very reflective -LRB- as reflective as the professional grade reflective vests worn by road workers -RRB-
 Very good product , very adhesive and reflectant , ... I really like it , . i cut some pieces in very shapes for my bike , and this makes this 2 inch version more versatile , ... Used in my bike , helmet , etc. . A must have !
 What else is there to say ? It 's reflective tape ; it sticks well but can be removed from smooth surfaces without much problem ; it 's highly reflective . I recommend it !
 The tape is very reflective at night . It could be used many different ways . I personaly needed to put it on my motorcycle helmet to pass New jersey inspection , it does add safety and help me be seen , so I think I will leave it .
 Wonderful stuff
 This product was exactly what I was expecting it to be . Sticky reflective tape . The adhesive is strong and the reflectivity is decent . I have yet to test it in heavy storm weather for more than a couple of days , but it has held up well on my bike rides into work . I marked off a star because the roll was slightly bent and crushed when I received it -LRB- it was clear this was not because of the shipper -RRB- .
 I put this on my bike fenders and bucket I use to carry things on my bike . It attaches well and is reflective - perfect !
 I have had 3M Scotchlite Reflective tape , red , yellow and silver on various parts of my bike and cycling helmet for years ; way before I installed focused-beam LED lights . And the great thing is you do n't have to worry about having lights pointing in every direction , replacing batteries , being stolen , etc. . The only drawback is that reflective tape requires light in order for it to reflect . So , if you are riding a bicycle then pedestrians who walk at night , on either side of the road or even in the middle , who invariably wear dark clothing , and do not carry a light source , will neither see you nor will you see them until the last moment -LRB- due to four blinking front lights -- two on handlebars and two on the helmet -RRB- . But for me , since I purchased a new helmet need to put some silver reflective tape on the front so that when I am in the tuck position oncoming headlights will see the reflective tape . The tape is also great for covering up paint blemishes or decals that you do n't particularly like . -LRB- Then nobody will know how little you paid for your bike -- at Sears ! -RRB-
 The tape is advertized . It stick good and is an excellent reflector for my bike . the more surface it is used on the better the reflection .
 Excellent , meets my needs . I used it on my Bike Helmet and will use it on the rear down-tubes of my Bike .
 I bought a new fluorescent lime green hard hat from Amazon.com for pedestrian safety . My wife astutely pointed out that , although the hat was highly visible during the day , it would be less visible at night . I purchased this tape to remedy that problem.Unfortunately , as is often the case , in solving one problem I inadvertently created another one . This tape is * less * visible during the day time than the fuorescent lime green that I covered up . Fortunately I bought the hard hat with a full brim , so there is plenty of fuorescent lime green to be highly visible during both the daytime and the nighttime , but I thought this information would be useful in a review .
 I often bike late at night , and I have tried many methods to make myself seen -LRB- EL wire , wheel lights , cree headlight , etc -RRB- . The more angles you can be seen from the better , so I plan to put this on the sides and back where the headlight is less visible . This is a very cost effective option , requiring no batteries and covering a large area . For those who wonder why they ca n't see the effect when testing it , try putting the light source nearer to your eyes . This tape is designed to reflect back toward the light source -LRB- aka
 I want to be more visible so I purchased this tape to put on my bicycle/motorcycle helmet . Reflects light nice and strong . Please note that another reviewer mentioned that the light only reflects light back in the same direction it came . So to see the reflecting effect , keep the light source near your eyes and you can see it works great .
 I think it works , I put this reflective tape on my motorcycle helmet which is all black . So I thought I would add some reflectiveness to it by adding this to it.Whats not to like about shiny things in the dark , especially if it can help a car avoid hitting me .
 I put a whole roll all over my running stroller . Works great . I put a thin strip on the wheels , and now they really stand out to passing cars . I guess one roll is enough for the stroller , but it seemed like I ran out before I was completely satisfied with the coverage . If it came in a larger roll , it would 've gotten five stars from me .
 Purchased this with a red one also ... Very nice reflective tape when beam by light . . quality is good but the price is a little expensive . . I just wish it came in yellow , green and orange color .
 Nice cheap reflective tape . It 's kind of thick and plasticy feeling but it adheres well to smooth solid surfaces and reflects headlights fine .
 Very reflective . Includes a good amount of tape . Easy to cut and very sticky . I used it to tape up my bike to help be seen , particularly from the side . This in addition to my headlights and taillight makes for much safer nighttime riding .
 I purchased the silver reflective tape to make some things in my driveway and car port a little more visible while parking my vehicle at night . The product does an excellent job of this and even small strips of the reflective tape can be seen from a good distance , depending on how much light is being shined on it -LRB- even at oblique angles -RRB- . As with all other adhesive-type stickers , the reflective tape will adhere really well to smooth hard objects after cleaning the object 's surface before applying the tape -LRB- I use a product called Goo Gone as I found that it works well for this purpose , even though there are probably other similar products that can be used as effectively . Just remember to always test the cleaner to make sure it does n't damage the surface - some will actually melt plastic ! -RRB- . I also had no adhesion problems with the tape being wrapped around a very small diameter pole as I had allowed for some of it to overlap so it could also stick to itself . I choose the silver , which actually has more of a `` pearl-white '' kind of appearance during the day , because I thought it would provide more visibility during lighted times -LRB- as opposed to the red colored tape -RRB- . I put a very simple repetitive pattern of reflective tape on my Uncle 's electric wheelchair and I believe it has achieved this .
 The tape works as advertised . It has good reflectivity but only if an observer is looking directly along the path of a beam of light . I have tested it out and it is great if I place a flashlight next to my head or squat next to my car 's headlights . It is not so great if I am elsewhere , such as sitting in the car . It does retain some reflectiveness in that scenario , which is better than nothing . However , it does not reflect if there are no sources of light somewhat near your line of sight.I bought this for my bicycle because I had seen photos of other people using it on their bikes . The photos were impressive but now I know it 's because of the flash on the cameras being near the shutters . My opinion is that for bycicle safety at night , good lights are key . Reflective tape is OK but not completely dependable in situations such as a car with broken headlights , car coming at the wrong angle , ect . It is still somewhat useful on a bicycle , but I would n't recommend spending a lot of time making intricate patterns as I did on my spokes and other places . The tape has stuck onto my bike through a couple of drizzles but nothing more serious as I plan my outtings with the forecast in mind . The tape requires occasional cleaning to maintain reflectiveness if especially placed near the bicycle chains.I think this product would be more ideal for stationary objects or large objects that otherwise would have poor visibility at night without this product . I think some examples could be mailboxes or trailers , although I have n't tested it in such a way .
 I got it to add some reflective accents to the bike -LRB- pannier , tool bag -RRB- . Works great and is probably the most visible reflective stuff out there .
 I am using the tape as a driveway marker . It works well so far . Hopefully it holds up to the outdoor weather conditions .
 Put this on my biking helmet . I cut out some racing stripes with an exacto knife so it still looks tasteful . You can make it go a long way if you cut out narrow pieces like I ended up doing . Plan on outlining my bike . It lights me up like a Christmas tree when the headlights are on me .
 Not a lot to type here on this one . It is a simple product that does exactly what it says . The tape is easy to cut to your desired size . The adhesive is strong and holds well . The reflective quality of this tape is quite good . Not super reflective but very good none-the-less . My purpose was for visiting Disneyland . My family goes frequently and I need to use a cane to assist me in walking . We usually go in the late afternoon and evening . Very often people do n't see my cane and will accidentally kick it out from under me . I used the tape on the cane to make it reflective so that people will see it.Voila!Problem solved . : - -RRB-
 As a daily commuter , when its darker earlier in the winter ... the more visible the better . This 3m tape seems to work just fine . This was wide enough to cut into 4 thin strips to outline most of the frame so its not noticeable in the light but is visible in the dark . 1 roll was just enough.Has been a couple months and its still sticking . Does n't look like it will hold very well ... but so far so good .
 Riding my bicycle at night has presented it 's challenges in the past but I 've made myself a little more visible with this little roll of reflective tape . I cut the tape into half inch strips and strategically placed them on areas that I had no reflective coverage . It 's not the best thing to do but I feel a little more at ease knowing I was able to cover some of those spots lights ca n't quite be mounted . A little extra coverage ca n't hurt and I got it with this little product . A few bucks makes me feel a little better at night .
 Applied several weeks ago . No sign of coming off . Easy to cut and apply . Would buy again . xxz xxx xxx xxz xxz xxx xxx ccx cx .
 After getting hit by a car while riding my bike , I had to find a way to make myself more visible .
 Never actually got to use it . Bought my boyfriend a black winter coat and he was worried about not being seen at night . I bought the scotchlite tape to put on his coat to keep him visible to oncoming traffic , but never got around to putting it on his jacket . The tape itself is silver and glows white when light is on it . I 'm happy with the purchase and the price . My boyfriend needs to stand still long enough for me to put reflector patches on his coat .
 I just got my Brinkmann Q-Beam just a few days ago . I was so excited to be able to use it . It was my Monday at work and I was assigned a high profile static possition . My buddy and I sat up on a hill about 500 yards from the Rio Grande River and I was able to light up the crossing easily . I was so amazed that I could see the river with out using those crummy NVG 's we get . The next night I got to go sign cut , and as a Border Patrol Agent this is my thing . This is exactly what I bought this light for . I rolled down the truck window , pulled the trigger , set the lock , stuck my head out and was amazed at how much more sign I could pick up from the ground . It lit up the ground just perfectly , not to little light , and not over shinning the sign . This light is fantastic . I have already glorified the Brinkmann Q-Beam 700,000 Candlepower light to all my buddies . One of them said I was full of it . So I lit him up from nearly 500 yards and he said , `` Amazon right ? '' This light is absolutely essential to PA 's . If your looking for something for camping , this light would be great . I absolutely love this thing . Ca n't wait to use it in about an hour .
 Been using this light quite often and never regretted buying this . It 's adequately powered and not over powered . The best part is the light weight so you can hold it for longer periods without your hand tiring out . It would have been perfect if the light had been a little more balanced . The dome of the light projecting forward away from the handle makes it a bit clumsy when holding .
 Its the Perfect Spotlight I ever had ... I used it to hunt and shootthe quel at night ofcours .
 This keyed entry doorknob comes with a lifetime mechanical warranty . Deep color . Easy installation . Pleased with my decision to purchase this product .
 This is a good looking entry lock set . It was very easy to install , no drilling or cutting to get it in place . It works smoothly and does what it is supposed to do .
 It 's a locking door knob . It looks nice but more importantly it was an exact match for the ones the builder installed in my new home . I only had to replace it because I locked myself out of the house and had to drill through it . I would happily buy it again but when I took it to the store to be re-keyed I purchased a few spares so -LRB- I hope -RRB- this wo n't happen again .
 I got this to replace a knob that was weathered out and would n't open with a key anymore . I took it out of the package and it slipped and hit the ground a few feet down . It dented the knob slightly . This is really thin metal so I suggest you be careful with it . This installed really easy into the door and did n't require any modifications . I used the same holes and cutouts that were already there . The knob works great and it locks and unlocks easily . I am glad I ordered this and would n't hesitate to order again .
 I sought out Schlage for the quality and it did n't disappoint on this purchase . Easy installation and exact fit . Will work for different door styles . Recommend purchase .
 I got some of these after I found one of my cats poking around one of our outlets . This works great to keep little claws and noses out of harms way !
 Installed over 20 of these in a preschool and they do the job well . Much better than the separate plastic plugs that get lost and not always replaced by the cleaning people .
 This item is easy to install . It is very easy to use and gives you peace of mind knowing that your child can not easily place an object into the wall outlets . Insert your plug into slots , slide plastic guard over and push the plug the rest of the way in . When pulling out plug , plastic guard is spring loaded to return over the outlet . Great Invention .
 Seems to be of good quality , was easy to put together , screws hold the wires securely , and the price was right .
 It is a 250V plug . What else can I say ? It works . Not much to go wrong with this type of item .
 It seems like every apartment I move into the first thing I have to do is change the shower head . I go to the Danco brand every time . It 's a great economy brand that does n't cost too much and works really well for the price . B/c , let 's face it , it 's easier to just replace it myself than wait for maintenance to get around to it . And I 'm not going to invest major bucks in a rental.So if you live in an apartment with a crappy shower , this is a great investment . A really cheap five minute fix . You wo n't be sorry .
 These in-line rocker switches are without a dought superiorto ` wheel ` type switches . Popular in years past , the rockerswitches disappeared from the market until I found them onAmazon.com . Made my day ! Thanks Amazon.M . AdamsCampbell , CA
 I bought this switch as it was just what I was looking for . It was very easy to install and works as I had hoped . It is well made and seems durable .
 I was glad to find these on Amazon . For some reason they were not available at Homer Depot . These were just what I needed when I was wiring up some ribbon LEDs to an old 12v charger for my media room .
 This toggle cord switch is quite simple to install on electrical cord for table/desk lamp that no need for a direct switch or pull chain at the bulb socket . Far more practical design than the wheel-type switch which the holding rivet can become loose soon and the housing separates and expose the wiring connection -- dangerous ! The wheel-type is also harder on the thumb , because of its gear-like edge , for on-off operation , and most ladies do not like it .
 I purchaes this to replace a lost streamlight and love it . Of course , I loved the old one , too . I am a home inspector and use it quite a bit . The chargers , extra battery and adjustable focus are all great features . The light feels very good and solid in your hand and is bright without being so big like the Maglites . One fature that I like but will warn you about is the way the battery looses it 's charge . The great thing is the light stays bright right up to the last minute the battery dies and then the light is GONE . The downside is that you do not have much warning that your battery is running down ... nothing beats having a charged second battery ready . The battery holds it 's charge for quite a while . I have been very happy with this flashlight and feel that it is a good value even though the pricetag is a bit steep .
 Like a mixer blade used in the kitchen this simple stirring rod beats hand mixing paint with the traditional wooden stick . It worked well with my cordless drill . Importantly , it is easy to clean . Obviously , do n't lift it out of the paint bucket while it is still rotating or you will have spin-art on your walls . I definitely recommend it .
 This little pump is great for delivering instant hot water to your kitchen or bath , no matter where the hot water heater is .
 excellent product just what you see and expect that is it very fast delivery i would definitely buy more from the seller
 Have n't used them yet but they look to be what I was expecting.The box was broken when I received them but that is n't a problem
 Being around equipment like tractors , trucks , and such , I sometimes run into a situation to where I can not fit a standard wrench into a tight area to remove a nut . I have wanted a set of crows foot wrenches for a while , but no more than I would use them , I could not see putting hundreds of dollars into a set from Snap-On . So , I found these and decided to buy them . They arrived on time and are nice looking wrenches . There are two reasons why I do not give these 5 stars ; First , the wrenchs look great , but when you hook them onto a ratchet or breaker bar , there is a little more play between the wrench and the ratchet than what I was expecting . This may never present to be a problem , and I guess for less expensive tools , it is to be expected somewhat . It is not bad , but just be aware . The other reason is more of a nice to have . The wrenchs come mounted in a plastic tray . For a little more $ $ , the company could hinge the tray and make a box out of it . The tray is not very deep , and it takes up a whole drawer in my tool cabinet . If it was a box , it would not take up as much room . Like I said , it would be a nice to have . Knowing what I know , and what I have said , I would buy these again .
 Very pleased with the product and the ordering of this product . I need a flashlight around the house , this bad-boy is plugged in and ready to rock . Accessories are great too .
 My husband gave me his Streamlight StingerXT to recycle with ewaste , as he could n't get it to work -LRB- tailcap switch maybe ? -RRB- . I started to put it in the box , but the flashlight & charger looked in good shape , so I decided to send to Streamlight to get a repair quote . A couple of weeks later Streamlight sends the flashlight/charger back to me WORKING , with a repair order listing what they replaced . No charge . WOW.As for the flashlight itself , it is not as bright as the Surefire I recently purchased , but then it is older . StingerXT features that I like are 1 -RRB- it is rechargeable 2 -RRB- you can focus the beam . I will keep the Streamlight next to the nightstand for power outages and the Surefire in my purse . When I purchased the Surefire , I specifically sought out a US made flashlight . In the future I will actively look for Streamlight products because of their excellent customer service .
 Great price for this particular model , fast shipping , and good packaging . As to the flashlight itself ? If you know anything about Streamlight , you know they make a good product . This model came with car and home chargers . The chargers take about 10 hours to charge the light , but I was aware of that before purchasing .
 We already own and enjoy this flashlight . I bought a second one as a gift for our son who regularly borrows our flashlight .
 The Streamlight Stinger XT is a good , solid flashlight that will last a long time . The aluminum case and poly-carbonate lens ensure this light will hold up under most adverse conditions . The tail-cap switch is great for tactical applications but not as practical for a general use flashlight . The Xenon bulb is bright but , still has a dimmer , yellowish tint when compared to the LED model . Battery life is good but again , not quite as good as the LED model .
 I installed this on some heavy cords and they work fine . I easpecially like the internal cable clamp ...
 This angle plug is the usual Leviton good quality product . It is well made , very easy to do a professional job of connecting to a cord.However , I needed a plug that I could lead a fairly heavy extension cord away from an outlet in a desired direction other than an angle simply lined up with an existing horizontal outlet . There are other plugs that do allow an adjustment to rotate and lock into one of several cord directions.While this plug does do a really good job of keeping the cord close to the mounting surface , it only allows one cord direction away from the outlet.These angle plugs are a bit hard to find so I will be keeping the plug for other applications because of the quality and ease of connecting to a cord . I do like the way that an angle plug carries the weight of a heavy cord without trying to twist itself out of an outlet .
 Good quality , fair price . I shopped around for these and this was the best deal I found for a name brand plug .
 Another item hard to find at the local hardware stores . If they carry them ... they are usually all out when I get there . Leviton is a good brand , Hubble is another one , but kind of expensive .
 I make my own extension cords . These are cheaper here than at Home Depot . I would buy them again for the price .
 Bulky plug . Well made . Easy to install . Works well . Screws easy to strip if you are not gentle . Take extra care .
 This is my second purchase of the Leviton 515AN so I obviously like it . Anyway , I converted the original horizontal plug which stuck out too far from the outlet to this one which as you can see makes it vertical and out of the way . It 's sturdy , fits snug in the outlet and easy to install . Ca n't go wrong with this .
 This plug worked perfect for a heater I installed . Easy to install and looked good . Hopot and Lows did n't have an angle plug that looked good . Plugs looked to be more for power tools .
 With our recent purchase of a Keurig individual coffee maker , we needed to shorten the cord toaccommodate its location on our kitchen counter and , at the same time , make the cord lessnoticeable . A random check of our `` big box '' and other independents for an angled-male groundedplug proved unsuccessful . I Googled the item and found it was available from several manufacturerson Amazon . On opening the site , I found a Levitron angled-male plug offered in white or black . Weopted for the white one because our receptacle was white . The plug was designed to accommodatea heavy-duty cord and its fixtures made the attachment both quick and safe . It came apart with three `` quick thread '' screws which provide ample reattachment of the two components . The plug 's standoffalso provides an area over which to curl about 8-10 '' of extra cord to allow for some movement on thecounter , if necessary , and conveniently remains hidden from view A good bargain , excellent product , and an Amazon Verified Purchase .
 I used this in a waterproof box on the outside of my house as a generator input . That way I do n't have to run an extension cord thru a door or window . Only found it at Amazon . Thanks Amazon !
 I had a project in college where my group had to design a control box for a certain application . We needed a way to power the control box , but instead of hardwiring a cable that could get worn out over time and would almost certainly never be long enough , I looked up this gem on the Leviton website and found it here . Works great , fits standard extension cords .
 The product was just what I was looking for . The price was even better . Shipping was free and quick , and a return tag in case it did n't work or whatever . It works as it should and the cover I got fit perfect as well.I would definitely encourage everyone to buy from amazon .
 Used it with blank wall outlet cover to run romex through wall to plasma tv . The holes do not line up with any outlet covers ... so you will have to drill to make it fit .
 This adapter works great on my movable router table . I can unplug the power cord and store it in a drawer when the table is not in use .
 The shell is large enough to accommodate most extension cords . Just so you know , the diameter is 15/8 '' , not made clear on the product details . I was taught to really wrench the copper wires on the lug nuts of any connector . There is a thing in the industry called `` relaxation torque '' . What happens is
 I hunted for a solution to have my flat panel tv hung on the wall with no visible wires and still be able to use my Belkin Surge Protector that is controlled by a RF remote . This little inlet allowed me to power up the receptacle behind my tv from the Belkin , keep the unsightly wires hidden and still not have the tv powered when not in use !
 This connector really holds cords together even for construction . Press the red buttons to release the connection . Handles 12/3 wire . Rated for 15 amps . Rugged construction . Have not broke one yet .
 I purchased this plug for my 50A plasma cutter which do not come with a plug assembled since they can run at variable voltages.Item was easy to install and configure.I used it as a 50A plug to match my Lincoln 180 welder .
 I bought the NEMA 10-30P version of this same product made by Leviton and it works great . Just be careful when assembling the blades so that the contacts with wires attached are not in any way close enough to touch each other .
 This is a good plug that can have several configurations . Simple instructions and sturdy design .
 It works . Easy to put together . It is a little tough to plug and unplug , but I think that 's the nature of the heavy duty plugs .
 I really do n't like having to write a review , every time I buy something ! this is rediculous to review every time I buy something !
 For those of you that are 3 Wire Locking Plug aficionados your dream plug is here.The Leviton 630-70530P 3 Wire Locking Plug is a work of art and at a reasonable price . Based on the Kremloc-Wizzleteets electrical sequencing algorithm but using a Frizzlestein feedback dorchester it can really take some abuse and keep on ticking . It 's heads and shoulders above the old Borkmeiner technology and just as solidly built as the much more expensive platinum Bibblsworth 6783-26 .5 cGx.So if you are ever running some Gorkin 758 vortex cable with a Tipplemeyer spanner connector and need some extra UV shielding give this little dynamo a try .
 This is an excellent pair of work gloves . They come already very flexible and quite comfortable . As with many leather gloves , they tend to stain your hands when they get wet the first few times , but I 've had them for a while now and my hands are no longer orange ! The velcro closure helps keep them snug .
 Bought another 3 pairs . I wear them out and keep going back to the pair same gloves . They fit well . The double thick palm is good . Good dexterity for gloves . I use them daily at work and for gardening . I will buy more when I wear these out .
 I gave this product 5 stars because the gloves are amazing . I do maintenance and it is hard for me to grab bolts with other gloves because they are bulky and loose . These TrueFit gloves hard tight and the user can fill what they are working on . I would recommend these gloves to anyone needing gloves for work . These gloves do not give good insulation so they are not good to use as warming gloves .
 This is the most comfortable work glove that i 've ever wore . Very flexible and snug . The leather is tough also.You can feel what your working on with these gloves too !
 Not much to say . These plugs look good and function well . Overall quality is good . I attached mine with the screw-in connectors which worked well . Price is great .
 This is certainly the correct one for the lawn mower ! If your mower requires this spark plug , buy it . Of course , there may be some other kinds of motorized vehicles that require a spark plug like this . Just refer to the product specifications section in your owner 's manual , and before you know it , you will be on your way to buying the proper auto part . As long as the word Champion is on the package , it should be the right spark plug for you .
 This switch was used in the 30 's for a celing hung Art Deco lamp . The original was an 573 switch with an adapted knob . All parts from the old switch fit the new one exactly . Glad something is still made the same as it was 70 + years ago .
 The switch on my library lamp lost one of the four positions . This replacement switch actually works easier than the original . I was surprised to find one anywhere .
 My husband had first gone to our local home improvement store , and bought a part that was sold as `` the same as Toto '' . Not so ! As soon as that piece was installed , I got online and ordered this official Toto part . Everything fits perfectly , it installs quickly , it 's top quality , and wo n't break the bank . What more could you ask for ? well , except maybe a toilet that never needs to be repaired ... . but that 's never gon na happen : - -RRB-
 Purchased a TOTO toilet about 8 years ago as my teenage boys kept clogging the old toilet -LRB- ick right ? -RRB- . Has only plugged , maybe 2-3 times a year since then . Trip lever gave out though after same 8 years . Thank goodness for Amazon - saved me from an expensive plumber visit as TOTO parts are not available at typical DIY stores like Menards or Home Depot . Got the model number from inside the toilet tank lid -LRB- thanks for whoever taught me that years ago -RRB- ordered the correct part and ... shazam - toilet was fixed in less than 5 minutes .
 Arrived quickly . Exactly what I ordered . Actual Toto part and not an after market fix . Hardest part of the whole experience was trying to figure out what model I needed . Installed easy in less than 5 minutes.Would order from them again . As always , Amazon comes through .
 Packaged in TOTO OEM bag . Install was easy and straight forward . Resolved our problem with a 9 year old handle that had partially malfunctioned
 This replacement is working great . i notice they made some minor changes to it and it made it better . happy with the purchase . Will buy again if my other one needs it .
 The only problem was figuring out if this was the correct one or not . The model # in the manuel that came with the Toto is not this same number . Apparently it has been changed somewhere along the line which makes it difficult to find the correct poduct . Also had to guess at the color name as there are different names for the color white with Toto , but this one is like the old one so I am happy . It came when it was supposed to so I will buy from this company again .
 I broke my Toto toilet handle through no fault of its own , and was able to replace it myself using no tools . I did n't know my toilet model number , but took a chance and ordered this . I do n't know if I got lucky or if Toto uses a universal flusher for all its models . In any event , it was a very easy fix and done in less than a minute . Although directions were included , the fix was intuitive -- the old one slid out and the new one slid in - as easy as that . No hesitation - 5 stars !
 A part of the metal casting on the Toto flush handle had broken , necessitating a replacement . I ordered the new handle on Amazon , and it arrived promptly . The outside chrome piece -LRB- where the casting had broken -RRB- was identical to the original , but the long rod that connects to the flapper chain was configured differently and would n't fit in my toilet . I was able to unscrew the old rod and attach it to the new chrome flush handle , so in the end everything worked fine , just a slight inconvenience . Perhaps Toto changed the design somewhere along the way .
 The toto trip lever is exactly the part needed . It fit perfectly and installed in a couple of minutes . Excellent!TOTO THU068-CP Trip Lever For St743S , Chrome
 Fit the Toto toilet and works great ! The color is not a true white but it is hard to notice the difference .
 About 30 % less expensive than buying the item locally . Very fast shipping!The TOTO lever can actually be replaced with a much less expensive item from HD or Lowe 's , but I wanted the matching beige color .
 I know this is the original part number because I went to the TOTO site and confirmed it . And it looks pretty much the same , but it does n't fit exactly the same as the original in my 6 year old toilet . It works , but had to put the chain from the flapper into a different hole and you now have to hold the handle down for a second.Since this is such a specialty toilet , I did n't want to go to the local Home Depot or Lowes and have trial and error to get something to fit . I did pay extra to have it shipped 2-3 days and it arrived before I was expecting it - great service . I ordered online after doing the math and figured I would spend almost as much in gas to go to a plumbing supply store that stocked TOTO parts as the shipping cost.By the way , love the toilet - and the guy who put it in had n't seen one before and he was so impressed that he went out and bought his parents one as they were having issues with their low volume .
 Replacing the standard chromium plated flush lever with this one was easy . I wonder why Toto does not supply colour coordinated flush levers to begin with ? Maybe to be able to sell them at a high profit ?
 This is the manufacturers original part . It works great but is made of plastic . Be careful when working around it on other parts of the tank . That is how my original broke .
 Had to fix a broken lever for my Toto . Rather than pay the outrageous price from a local plumbing store , I ordered online and received it quickly -LRB- a few days -RRB- . Able to change it out myself in 15 minutes .
 Lever was exact fit for my toilet . Installed and adjusted out in just a few minutes . Stay away from the universal type as they just do not work properly .
 We ordered this to replace our broken flusher and now our toilet does n't keep running ... YAY ! No more having to remember to manually lift flusher .
 Perfect . Needed to Bend the wire a little to adjust the height / angle . After that it was perfect . Installation was easy and it was Ythentic TOTO . Quite pleased with quality and price .
 toilet handleThe product was good , price a little high to my liking.toto toto toto toto toto toto
 I recommend selling the parts to fix the lever instead having to buy a complete new one.Other than that , the part was just fine .
 My Toto toilet was not flushing properly -LRB- the handle was getting stuck -RRB- , so I decided the best resolution was to replace it . It was easy to replace and corrected the issue .
 I ordered this mat for use at my standing desk.Having used the standing desk for weeks without a mat , I can say that the mat makes a huge difference . I used to have to switch to a sitting position after a while , but with the mat , it 's comfortable to stand all day.I like that the edges are tapered , so it 's a little less industrial looking and is more easily disguised under a rug . I actually have mine underneath a small rug , and you would never know that there is this industrial anti-fatigue mat in my office . You can only tell when you are standing on it and it feels great .
 I find this plug very easy to securely attack to any power cord . Excellent industrial-quality design that looks great and works well.I now use these on every application where I need to install a replacement plug .
 This is similar to another Amana bit I also bought that is a square cutter , but with a different profile and different cutting depth . I adjusted the cutting depth for my situation by replacing the bearing with another one I had . Any 1/4 &#34; shaft bearings should be fine -- I had some Freud ones lying around . This has the same minor caveat as the other Amana flooring bit I have in that I wish the top bearing could sit slightly tighter to the plane of the cutter head to allow for adjusting the slot location -LRB- router bit height -RRB- with a little more flexibility . They 've really designed this for the slot to sit in a place they chose , which corresponds to the center more or less of 3/4 &#34; or thicker material . You can adjust it , and in my case you can get it to work with 5/8 material , but it 's a bit tricky.Why would you choose this rounded profile bit over a square faced one ? Well if you 're trying to reproduce a slot with some curve to it , which by the way matches the semi-industry standard profile for a splie or slip-tongue , then you likely want this bit . If you 're milling you own splines by ripping strips of 1/2 &#34; material then your splines will have square edges and you 'll want the other bit . Ideally -- I 'm not sure it really matters to much expect maybe on small pieces of an intricate inlay or something .
 I have two lamps from my parents house that use the large Mogul base incandescent bulbs . The lamp socket on one was frequently giving me problems with intermittent bulb flickering . This Westinghouse socket is 99.8 % an EXACT replacement for the one that must be 40 years old !! The ONLY dimensional difference I found when installing the new one is that the switch is about 1/16 '' of an inch higher up on the socket !! Very well made and quite positive switching . Quite a pleasant surprise .
 I purchased this item to be used in an old torhiere lamp . It was exactly what I was looking for . The price was right , it was relatively easy to install and so far works fine . You can purchase adapters for these particular sockets to accommodate a standard bulb , but if you want 3 way capability , then this is what you want .
 matched old mongu socket . had to enlarge the hole for the switch was just off just a little but just worked fine
 I have a vintage 1940 's torch&egrave;re lamp and the porcelain socket was damaged . This fit perfectly and it was simple to rewire the lamp . The only problem I found was that the turning part was too short , luckily I was able to buy an extender and everything is fine . It is an excellent replacement for the money .
 Trying to restore some antigue lamps with parts that are the same as the old ones . These fit the bill - even had to get the reducer for more modern light bulbs .
 The socket was exactly what I needed to replace the old socket in a floor lamp . Once installed it worked perfectly .
 I bought a duel florescent shop light with outlet plug for $ 15.00 for my garage . I ordered the Leviton pull chain switch for $ 2.00 + shipping . I then took the black power line in and spliced -LRB- twist caps -RRB- the switch in between it and the transformer . Use a 3/16 drill bit to make the opening and you have a pull switch for your light . Or , do n't take 5-minutes of your time and spend $ 40.00 for the same shop light with pull switch . Your choice .
 Installed right after using and they work great in the overhead lights . Seem to be durable and built with quality .
 The exhaust fan in my bathroom comes on with the light . I hate having it draw cold air over me when I step out of the shower . I also would hate to take a shower in the dark . The `` Leviton 10097-8 Pull Chain Switch , Single Pole On-Off ; 1A-125V T , 3A-125V , 1A-250V ; With Two 6 Inch Black Leads 18 Awg Awm Tew 105C 600V , Stripped 1/2 Inch '' solved the problem . And Hey It came with a couple of wire nuts to accomplish the installation . Good on Leviton !
 Nice product . Fixed the fan light without having to buy a whole new fan . Back to fixing ... buying new is from the past ... in this economy
 I purchased this to replace a broken a pull switch . I am not an electrician or even close but this was easy to put in and worked great . I came back to order another to put into my fan assembly and the price had gone up a dollar ! Other than that this is a decent product and it shipped fast .
 I use quiet a few of these items in my line of work.I live some distance from a supply store , so buying on line was ideal .
 This lampholder dimmer is great . It can be used to replace standard and 3-way lampholder sockets on vitually any table lamp . I does n't want to be used facing down , only up . It is a simple two-wire conversion . If you know which end of the screwdirver to hold you can convert your lamps to be `` infinitely '' variable - from very dim to full bright . It will support up to 150 watt incandescent 120-volt bulbs with standard base .
 I 've had two of the Leviton 6151 lamp dimmers for many years . One of has been in daily service for over 20 years . It can dim a bulb down to less than a candle , just a few watts . The appearance matches that used in vintage lamps .
 Love having full control of lamp at your fingertips without additional dimmer slide switches laying on table and without more wiring , etc.Easy to install , if you have repaired lamps before .
 Good price , I 've upgraded my grandfather 's old desk lamp with this full range dimmer . Very pleased with purchase and delivery .
 I 've stripped speaker wire with this . Works great . Takes all the guesswork out of it . It also has crimpers which come in handy for wire terminals .
 Got exactly what I bargained for . Good quality piece of equipment . I used it outdoors on my Christmas lights . Good .
 It is what it is ... Heavy Orange Triple 3 prong outlet thingy . All the fittings are very smooth , yet they also hold well . I added this to a 25 ' Coleman Extension Cord and shook it around , hit it into a wall a little and it did n't separate . I used these when i was in contracting work and they go through a lot of dropping and dragging with heavy plugs in them so i was happy to find it here and at a good price .
 I needed an extension cord and at least two outlets at work for presentations . One plug for the laptop , the other for the projector . Using a plug strip was a no-go as I need to carry everything but the projector in my laptop carrying case . Works perfectly , and fits in the carry bag .
 This is a great , durable , orange outlet which , because of its color identifies my computer outlets . The quality of the product is great and I have not had any problems with it at all !
 I looked for a while to find the right size one piece sinktop and basin for my remodeling project and for the price swanstone can not be beat . The thing to note is the surface feel , it has an almost matte finish that is soft to the touch , I do notice it marks up easily but just as easily wipes away . I say buy it and try it !
 After a lot of searching I found this to reduild the spot light on my bed 's headbord . It worked well . If the knob on the socket was 1/4 &#34; longer it would have been perfect .
 I just received my new Channellock pliers and have to say that there is a real difference between a quality made tool and a cheap import . I have not tried them out on a project yet , but I am impressed on how smooth they adjust . I ca n't wait to use them .
 OK I am a tool nut , but I make money with my tools and want quality their made in this country we keep a American job and on this web sight they are affordable these were nice well made and machined like the people making them took pride in them
 these pliers are a very hadi tool to have around the house . you could also add them to your emergency kit in the trunk of the car
 This would make an excellent set of backup pliers , but I still want a standard set of ChannelLocks for day-to-day jobs . The odd-shaped teeth on these bad boys make them adaptable to many jobs , and they still work for standard stuff , but they 're just not ideal . I found them chewing up regular old nuts and bolts .
 Great but how could they not be ? Able to handle many jobs because they are adjustable .
 These are built well . Very sturdy . The coating on them does n't seem like its going to come off anytime soon . I 'm happy .
 These pliers are very useful to have around the house and for working on your car too ! Channel Lock is a good quality brand so that 's a plus . For eleven dollars for two , that 's a bargain .
 It 's a good product for less . If you went into the parts house to buy one it would be more .
 I have an old wooden toilet seat that will not come off an even older blue toilet that I can not replace . The situation is so frustrating that if I could afford a new toilet and matching tub , I really would smash the toilet just to get this seat off .
 Like many folks I 've owned a number of pairs of `` channel lock '' type pliers , from Craftsman to many no-name brands . I ordered these because the price was very good , I believe $ 12.99 at the time . I 've used them a few times now and they are easily superior to the other brands I have . The joints never slip , the teeth are very tough , and the design is great , allowing you to grip a hex-nut in the center portion of the plier . I 'll probaly give away some of my other sets and just keep these . Highly recommended for the price .
 If you want made in the USA quality , this set has it ... . heavy , beautiful design and construction . A fantasic buy for the price . Highly recommended .
 If you can buy them for less than $ 20 , BUY THEM . These are the most useful channel locks I 've ever owned . Light , strong , and the angle head fits in places the other pliers I own wo n't go .
 The trademark light blue handles are undoubtedly a quick way to tell that these are genuine Channellock pliers . They are made in the USA , which I generally prefer , and the price is very reasonable vs. cheaper tools from China . At any rate , I bought this set for my father , but I actually already own a pair of the 12 inch tongue and groove pliers . As far as usability , I 've found the larger Griplock pliers to be my favorite . The reason is that these pliers give you substantial leverage when you need it . Whether you are tightening one of the outside drain bolts in a plumbing application , or if you 've stripped the head of a phillips-head screw or rounded a bolt and you need to back the screw/bolt out by grabbing the outside surface of the screw/bolt -LRB- as you probably noticed , this has happened to me before ... a couple times -RRB- . I would highly recommend this set to anyone that does a fair amount of DIY projects .
 These are actually great pliers to have in any home . The offset , beak nose design is great for repairing or replacing water lines , toilets , water heaters , and otherwise reaching into abnormally tight spots . They 're also good in the garage , for mowers and trucks . If I had owned a pair like this 20 years ago , I 'd feel a lot smarter now . But at least I wised up . These make a great Festivus or xmas gift for the handyman in the family .
 Finally and American made product . And really good ones too ! Got mine from Amazon with free shipping ... you 've got to like that . The pliers work very well and with the offset head can get into unusual and smaller spaces than you might think . I am very happy with these functional , durable tools .
 These are great modern interpretation of the traditional channelock pliers we all have used.The nice thing about the Griplock is that the shape of the head allows it to grip bolts and pipes easily . This is due to the hex shapted jaws.I use them for various plumbing jobs around the house . The round over couplings as easily as straight channellocks .
 Good product . Service and price . It arrived on time . Definitely gives you a better grip on almost any surface . I recommend it if you use channel every day
 I have other brands of pump pliers , and these beat all . They are a meduim and big size . Niether could be considered small or huge , just an ideal size .
 I think that everyone knows that Channellock is one of the higher quality tools on the market . I recommend this tool to anyone .
 My husband and I ironed this tape around the edge of a door . Easy . Looks good . Trims with a box cutter . Stains beautifully . Very pleased with the product .
 I need it to repair my aunt antique stereo . I constructed a piece of wooden screen that was missing by gluing two strips together and cutting it to desirable width . It worked for me nicely . I did n't have to go through a furniture craftsman .
 these fit behind furniture so you can plug in a two prong lamp or clock ... it turns up or down to lay as flat as it can . no more bent cords . this only works on appliances that do not have the ground 3rd prong , but ... . most lamps dont have that anyway . it also has 3 outlets per unit so you can get three lamps on that one switched outlet behind that dresser . its super handy . glad to have found some here .
 sturdy and does what its supposed to do . the only thing is the plugs are tight so i have to use both hands -- 1 to hold the outlet adapter & the other to plug something in
 Since this swivels down , I can put it in the bottom plug outlet , and still have the top one free . I LOVE that . I use it in the kitchen where I have things I occasionally plug in , like a coffee pot , toaster , or charger . This way I do n't have to unplug my other things , including a night light . Would buy again . Very handy .
 easy to use to replace worn out OE socket which came with the lamp . seems sturdy enough . now time will tell .
 This is one of the few tools I carry in my car . It is very useful and replaces separate strippers , crimpers , small bolt cutters , fuse pullers , and wire snips.I have purchased similar tools like this in the past , but they did not have the cushoned handle , good quality construction , and they did not strip small gauge wire like the Leviton here.This tool is essential for any typical automotive electrical work ... from adding fog lights , new dash illumination , boost gauges , etc. . It has the leverage to crimp connectors quite well . With some practice , you can get a solid connection . For critical connections you can use bare metal connectors ; crimp them for a good mechanical fit , then solder it.Since it is a `` combo '' tool , there are some drawbacks . The wire cutter is on the inside between the handles . This limits the usefulness in tight places . If the cutter was intergrated on the working end , this tool would be perfect.Still a great value .
 I ogt the Black and Decker version -LRB- made by Vector -RRB- from Taret and was amazed by the brightness of it . I had a Craftsman 10 ? LED and this is more than double the brighness . The Craftsman had a yellowish tint to it , where the Bright Bar was pure white light . The Bar is n't that heavy either .
 This is a great working piece of equipment . I recently purchased this due to continuous power outages where I am located , and it works wonders . The only bad part is that I am in the middle east , which runs off of 220V power , and the light bar is only rated for 110V and therefore requires a transformer . Other than that , it lasts for about 12 hours of battery power before having to recharge , and the LED 's are bright enough to light up a 10-by-10 ' space . Awesome product !
 I ordered and received what I thought I was buying . The quality is very good and works very well . My Miller welder 's plug fit perfectly into the receptacle and provides excellent electrical contact . It was easy to connect and install . Identical or similar items are selling for a much higher price from other sources . One welding supplier was advertizing this exact receptacle for five times the price . It pays to shop around !
 No one locally sells this plug . Crazy I have to mail order it but no to lowe 's and home depot . Used it to make an extension cord for my welder .
 This receptacle is well made and was easy to install . I used it to make an adapter to be able to plug my welder into my generator .
 I used this to add an additional outlet to my MIG welder cart and so far it has worked very well .
 This outlet does everything expected at the lowest price that I could find anywhere . Good , solid quality and it installed without difficulty . Thanks .
 I purchased this to create an extension cord for the Lincoln 170 mig welder I have . It was a great price compared to my local true value hardware . It works well .
 Works just as expected . I needed this type of receptacle for my 220/240V - welding machine in my shop . It was an easy and simple install .
 I am a night shift nurse and I clipped this little flashlight on my scissors right after I bought it in 2006 . This light is the bomb . It still works great with no signs of the battery dying and I use it several times a night for up to 5 minutes at a time . I wish I had bought more of them when I got this one , because I ca n't find them anywhere . My co-workers ask all the time where they can buy one . I like it better than some other LED flashlights because the switch lets it stay on until you turn it off . The beam is strong and steady . Others I 've had only light up as long as you hold the button down and the light flickers as you hold the button . Duracell should make these again and market them to uniform shops and those scrub magazines . Get one if you can !
 I recently bought a bunch of these to use as stocking stuffers . I LOVE the fact that you do n't have to hold down a button to keep the light on ! I am VERY impressed with how bright they are!Last night my dog was barking at something outside and I did n't want to leave him to go get a `` real '' flashlight . Since I had this one in my pocket , I flipped it on and was really surprised to find that I could see a good portion of my yard.The carabiner part is close to useless , except as a way to hold it . The clip is kind of flat and wider than most zipper holes , so no go as a zipper pull , but it also does n't open very far so it took some work to clip it on the belt loop of my jeans.Other than that the body of the light is smooth , pretty thin , and very light weight . Easy to clip on a key ring or slip into a pocket .
 I wish Duracell would make these flashlights again ! They have not been available for some time now . Last time I found them I bought ten and gave them to family members . They are the perfect size and shape to pop into your back pocket and have with you at all times . The flat design makes them store in your pocket perfectly and the ridged on/off switch is so easy to slide . I like the carabiner part just because it makes it easy to hold . Please , Duracell , bring back this flashlight !
 The flashlight is small and handy . Top quality . Excellent low price small gift .
 My husband sleeps late and I get up early . For years I 've scrambled around in the dark looking for the right colored sock or an earring . Frustration ! I bought two of these -- one for my jewelry box and one for my keyring -LRB- a great help checking mail box numbers at night or finding a lock in the dark ! -RRB- Why did n't I do this earlier ?
 This is a very bright and nice unit . I gave it 4 stars because of the switch . It is verydifficult to switch/push on for me . But the brightness is equal to other brands that are similar .
 Great safety light , keep on auto key chain , bulb is protected from keys in pocket , overall good buy , happy with item
 I have this clipped in my big Louie Vuitton bag on the D ring . It is so handy for helping to find things in a large bag !
 I have used many many keychain flashlights over the last 35 years and this is at the top of my list . Very rugged easy to grip . The main advantage for me is the on swith can be left on , so you do not have to keep a button held down to have the light stay on . It is very easy to clip on and off . The one I 'm using now has lasted over a year . The one downside is the baterry is not a typical standard battery , the upside is has a very thin profile . The finnish dose seem to fade overtime with daily use ... to be expected I think .
 I love this little guy ! I have it clipped onto my purse strap for when I get home after dark . That way I do n't have to leave an outside light burning all day . This little guy throws a LOT of light ! And the switch is not one of those squeeze-em switches , so it actually stays on while you find your key and the lock in the door . Awesome .
 It was inexpensive and it works great . It also arrived much more quickly than expected . It clips easily onto your key ring .
 This is by far the best key ring flashlight I 've ever used : * The light is nice and bright . * Once the light is on , it will STAY on -- so you can set it down , hold it in your mouth , etc. * The switch is easy to operate , even with gloves , yet firm enough to never switch on in your pocket . -LRB- In 2-1/2 years of use , my flashlight came on by accident exactly once . -RRB- * It 's very durable . And thanks to the LED , the battery lasts and lasts.I found that the plastic caribiner clip occasionally came loose from my key ring -- maybe 10 times in the 2-1/2 years I owned the light . That was how I eventually lost my flashlight . This time I 'm buying two !
 Nice little lightweight light . The `` carabiner '' I doubt will last a month . I am actually thinking of cutting it off and using the `` eye hole '' only . The problem with the clip is it is plastic and cheap , requires a lot of pressure to get it open and the whole clip assembly looks and feels like it will snap at any moment every time you use the clip , thus my projection on longevity -LRB- for the clip -RRB- . Nonetheless , decent little light , there are better ones out there for the price but this is not bad really . I would give the light a B - grade and the sleek body design a B - and the clip design a D - -LRB- it has n`t failed yet -RRB- *** UpdateDo n`t know what to think , it has gotten brighter with use . Maybe a minor short inside . The clip has held up though I do n`t use the clip much . Good little pocket light , slim and lightweight . Not for great distances or for use with ambient light . In total darkness this thing works pretty well .
 I have several of these flashlights and there is no way to describe the light output you just have to see it . It truly is as bright as a 5 D cell light . This is a perfect light for the car bedside or purse . I wear one on my belt when I am out at night . The light is bright enough to blind anyone temporarily that might be looking to do you harm . The aluminum body could be used in self-defense if you find yourself in a bad situation . If you choke on the price you might consider the same size in the polymer body it is a bit less expensive . However , you are truly getting what you pay for . This is not a flashlight you would loan to a friend because you will truly never see it again .
 This is by far the best flashlight I have ever used , out and in the Army . The level of brightness and output is amazing , I used maglite for the longest time until I pick this pocket beacon . Highly Recommened for everyone
 My Surefire Flashlight is fantastic ! I am so pleased with it . The seller is outstanding , very efficient and polite . I will buy from her again .
 I had heard about these lights , but only recently purchased one . The price tag kept me away for a long time . Spending $ 9 on a mini-mag was reasonable , and I was familiar with them from my years in the military . Dropping $ 40 to $ 100 on a flashlight was a hard barrier to cross.Once you get one of these home and get used to the brilliant light that it produces , you will never go back to a `` regular '' flashlight.This flashlight is smaller and lighter than a mini-mag . The mini-mag is a great light to use in the car , around the home , or out in the field . The Surefire is in a completely different category . On a dark night , it will light up your back yard like a floodlight . It 's more like a very bright camera flash that stays on until you release the button.Get one . Get one for your spouse . It 's a fantastic flashlight , and has the added benefit of being a great self defense tool .
 An excellent product . The prime choice of flashlights for those of us that work at night.The batteries are exclusive to Surefire and expensive , about $ 5 a pair , so a cheap flashlight is a good idea for lesser tasks.For checking important equipment in the dark , however , this is the best .
 Step 1 .
 I was first introduced to this flashlight in 2005 , and this P6 has continued to be dependable in 2012 . Furthermore , the bulb continues to hold a strong light , and the recharging station continues to work as if the P6 was just purchased yesterday . After the storm , SANDY in NJ 2012 , I found myself frustrated with all other flashlights , other than the P6.So , I am buying another P6 , and throwing out all other junk . This flashlight is a winner .
 Still not sure why Amazon is not carrying Surefire . I became a Surefire freak after my boss showed me his collection of lights . My wife usually did n't like me buying things especially a flashlight that is over $ 100 . But after she saw the size of E2D and what it can do she agreed that Surefire is the only light you should own and a great gift for friends and family . Right now she is trying to take all the surefire lights I have from me.owner of : Surefire E2DSurefire E2LSurefire E2eSurefire M3Surefire 6PStreamlight Ultrastinger -LRB- a great rechargeble light for home -RRB-
 I love my SureFire flashlight , I have it mounted to my S&W MP15 , but I also use it a lot for other purposes , more practical , such as working on cars or finding my way around my house or housing complex at night . I have had mine for a few years now and bought it direct from SureFire at a price a bit more expensive than it is listed at now , but that is ok . SureFire is one of the best flashlights you can purchase . Sure , you can go with a mini maglight or some other LED light sold at any hardware store , 7/11 , etc for much cheaper , but those are not meant to last nearly as long as a SureFire , nor are they anywhere near as bright as a SureFire . The sheer room lighting capabilities of these high powered flashlights is amazing . You would never expect something to be so bright from something so small . No joke , pitch black , dark of night , and this flashlight practically turns the area you 're illuminating from night to day . I know this sound rediculous , but use it indoors and bounce the light off a wall in a dark room and this little light rivals a stand up lamp in room lighting capabilities . Whether it be lighting up an engine bay for mechanic work , using in an emergency power outage , or blinding a perp these lights are awesome , hands down . Do not let the high price discourage you , they are well worth the investment .
 I purchase this light from another seller over 2 years ago , I purchase it primarily as a defense light . The flashlight is very bright , if you flash some eyes with it , they wo n't be able to see clearly for a really good time , also Surefire offers a lifetime warranty on there products.I contacted surefire because the light output had diminish and it was n't as bright , surely I receive a prompt answer from C.S. to send the flashlight for repair and gave me a RMA # for it , I send the flashlight for repair , I send it without any batteries just the flashlight , they receive it on January 23 , 2012 and I receive it back on February 7 2012 , they replace the LED module and even send me a set off batteries with it . Unlike other companies , I did n't have to provide a purchase invoice or anything like that , this was a zero hassle service :1 . contacted them2 . receive a RMA number3 . send the flashlight4 . receive it back like brand newWhat more can you ask for . Highly recommend the flashlight and there service .
 A lot of people appear to be unaware of the aftermarket LED bulbs that are available for some Surefire flashlights . I am new to Surefire and now have a Z2 , G3 , G2 , and a 6P . I have converted them to LED bulbs and they are now brighter than ever . The battery life is supposed to be much better also . Search the internet for surefire bulbs and do some research . I have n't had them long enough to comment on bulb and battery life , but I am sure that both will be better than with the standard bulb .
 I used a Surefire for the last 5 years of my LE career and am still using it nightly 5 years after retiring ... Indestructable ... That is why I chose to give one as a gift ... It wo n't soon be forgotten and it is the brightest child in the class ...
 I used this little flashlight on the job in some dark areas and it lit things up like a spot light . Best flashlight I 've ever used !
 First , I must remark that this table saw makes beautiful cuts . The motor spins up easily and wo n't trip your 20 amp circuits if you choose to run it from a standard 110 volt outlet . First the pros :1 . Very stable at 275 lbs -LRB- more if you upgraded the fence like I did -RRB- .2 . This steel all around , which makes this beast as heavy as it is , means that you wo n't have any unwanted vibration and the machine should last a long , long time . The excellent quality powder coat means that it will last even a little longer and the off-white both looks great and matches Biesemeyer in color .3 . The cast iron table top seems very well machined . I 've checked it with multiple measuring tools and I ca n't find any imperfections .4 . It 's pretty good about keeping most of the sawdust below the working surface .5 . The factory blade guard and splitter are actually quite functional and do a good job of lining up with cuts right out of the box .6 . All the adjustment knobs are heavy duty and spin easily . The adjustments themselves seem pretty true right out of the box after taking some measurements .7 . While it 's no Incra , the miter gauge is very heavy duty and has three adjustable stops that allow you to get those perfect 90 's .8 . The blade that comes with the saw may not be the best after market blade , but it cuts much better than any other stock blade I 've used and many after market blades as well . It has a moderate number of teeth but you 'll need to invest in a good crosscut blade at some point .9 . Overall , I had no problem lining up any of the bolts as long as I did n't tighten them down before they were all in , although this was a beast to assemble and you will need a partner , but there are some tricks -LRB- such as mounting the motor to the support plate before lifting it into place -RRB- . While I highly recommend this saw and ca n't believe how smooth it operates , there are some imperfections that I must point out :1 . While it keeps sawdust under the table , it does n't have a blade shroud underneath like some newer saws , so that means it shoots all the sawdust out the back of the saw -LRB- although this is fixable to a limited degree with a modified backplate and a good dust collection system -RRB- . This is the main reason why I downgraded the saw from a four to a four star rating .2 . The housing itself is not well sealed around the underside of the cast iron table top , but this can be fixed with some gasket material .3 . The belt enclosure -LRB- which I appreciate for its added safety -RRB- does rattle some but , once again , you can fix this with some door gasket material , which they even sell in white to match the powder coat .4 . The steel extension wings are very high quality , but they are not cast iron . You will have to poke and prod them a bit to get them straight .5 . The hand wheels for tilt and blade depth are located close to the table top so you may bump your hand on the cast iron from time to time as you make your adjustments . This also makes them harder to reach , but the operation is so smooth that it does compensate for some of this .6 . At this price I 'd like to see the saw come with a mobile base , preferably the HTC HJTS-761X , which has been the perfect addition .7 . Finally , while I like the Xacta fence itself better than the Biesemeyer fence -LRB- due to its more durable plastic faces -RRB- the Biesemeyer has a more robust rail system . I actually use the Jet Xacta II fence -LRB- has the micro adjust feature -RRB- on Biesemeyer rails and that 's been the best of both worlds .
 Good safety sunglasses . Comfortable . The tint is dark enough to be used as sunglasses . On the light-weight to heavy-duty-feeling scale , they are on the light-weight side . . The &#34; frame &#34; is a molded part of the lenses ... not a separate frame .
 I use this on my 24 '' Fiskars rotary paper trimmer . It cuts clean and is so much nicer to use than scallop scissors .
 this does the job ! but i warn you to be careful as i sliced my thumb open and it hurt like * ell !!! So please please be careful when using these items ! and keep them away from children !
 I was looking for a little bigger scallop design and this one is a smaller scallop so if you are looking for a smaller scallop this one is perfect . Works well , just wish the scallop was a little larger .
 This blade works well on fabric , even though the packaging from the manufacturer states this blade is intended for cutting paper . Your item description states this is for fabric , paper and many other uses . Fortunately the blade does cut fabric resulting in a clean beautiful scallop finish . This purchase seems to be exactly what I was looking for after all .
 The Fiskars scallop blade for the rotary cutter does just what it is made to do . It is well made and makes creating scalloped edges quick and easy for anyone who has the rotary cutter .
 This product was exactly what I was looking for , a small scallop . Though the packaging says `` for paper only , '' it works great on felt , double layered too .
 These knobs are great ! For the price they were just what I needed to update my bedroom furniture . I would recommend them .
 I 'm a rather small woman , so I did n't expect this to fit me properly . It fits close enough for me to not feel silly wearing it on jobsite . It is indeed a Class 2 product , despite what another reviewer may have said . There is one inside pocket , which was rather disappointing . All the guys on site have vests with multiple inside and outside pockets . The color is perfect for daytime or nighttime visiblity .
 It is a bit more Med size , not small . Good vest . Has one inside pocket . Just like picture , no sleeves .
 I need this in France when I rent a car . It is required as part of your emergency equipment . It is also good to wear when walking at night . Very fast shipping .
 These kits are fantastic -- they are meant to work fine with drywall , which is great if your house has few studs or the studs do n't line up with your design plans . We have used the higher weight kits for heavy items like a 75 lb mirror , and while we were nervous at first about trusting the drywall with such weight , 3 years later , we have had no problems . I recommend this for anyone that needs to hang wall art or a mirror -- the instructions are clear and the material is durable .
 This switch has worked great , I think we 've had it for 4-5 months without problem . I recently bought a second one.Set up was very easy , it 's been installed for a bathroom fan , 2 way circuit.I only wish they had a button so that the fan could stay on indefinitely -LRB- i.e. plain old `` ON '' -RRB- in addition to 5 , 10 , 15 , 30 minutes .
 Having now fitted this timer switch , it works fine . I use it for a bathroom extractor fanTo be sure of being able to have room to fit the timer and all the wires I bought an extra deep receptacle box . It was pretty obvious that a regular receptacle box would have been too shallow . The timer has four wires and four wire nuts are included in the package . It can be a bit tricky getting the wire nuts to grip as the timer wires are multi-strand and I was using standard solid single wire household cable for the feed and supply to the fan . In the end I could n't get the a wire nut to secure the ground wire connection so I soldered them and wrapped them in electrician 's tape.The timer offers times of 5 , 10,15 and 30 minutes . There 's an button to turn it off too ; good if you want to just stop the fan there and then or select a different time delay.In conclusion , I recommend this switch .
 The timer switch looks nice and does what it is supposed to do . I have four of these . Two control exhaust fans in bathrooms . It 's so easy to forget to turn the fans off ; and typically you want the fans to run for awhile after you leave the bathroom . The other two control outlets for hot water circulation pumps under sinks in our bath and utility rooms . Our shower and our washing machine are on two separate ends of a hot water pipe , far away from the heater . We do n't want the pumps cycling on and off all the time , using electricity and gas . So , we just push the button to activate the pumps a few minutes before we take a shower or wash clothes . Then , we have instant hot water and no wasted water .
 Bought and installed three of these for the bathroom exhaust fans in the house . This particular model is for exhaust fans in particular . They have a lower amp model for lighting . Works great and installation was a breeze . Finally the fan is shut off automatically . I bought this unit over other manufacturer offerings because it has a button for each of the time increments . Other manufacturers models had a single button requiring you to press it multiple times to get the desired duration .
 I 've installed three of these in my home , all controlling bathroom exhaust fans . The switch works great , and it 's been wonderful not to have to remember to turn off the fan . -LRB- Or , even more importantly , not to have to remind the kids to do it ! -RRB- In each case , the switch is in a dual-gang box . The switch is so deep and wide that it can take some serious wire origami to make it fit . It 'd probably be fine next to a standard light switch , but in my bathrooms it was going in next to another Decora switch , and , in one case , a Decora dimmer.In all three cases , I had to remove the breakaway parts of the metal shield . -LRB- On a dimmer switch , this would remove the maximum amperage it could handle . I assume the same happens on this timer , although the manual does n't mention it . -RRB- I had to remove the breakaway parts on the dimmer switch too . Even with all that , in one box I had trouble getting the switch in because there was a small amount of conduit sticking into the box from the side ; the timer was so wide that the few millimeters caused a real problem.If you 're putting this in a single-gang installation , you 'll probably have a much easier go of it . But it sure would have been nice if they provided dimensions and details on how much of the metal shield you can break off .
 I have these for each of our bathroom fans . They look great , are easy to install , and keep the bathroom fans from being left running all day accidently.Like other reiviewers have said , make sure that if you are hooking this up to a fan or other motor that you have line -LRB- hot -RRB- , neutral , and ground wires in the switch box in which you are installing this . Some older homes only have the line and load runs down to the wall switch box . If your switch box only has a line , a ground , and load wire , this timer will only function if the load you are switching is an incandescent light bulb . All other types of loads -LRB- fan motors , etc. -RRB- requre line , neutral , and ground inputs to this timer .
 I use one with a small electric space heater I keep under my home office desk . I was worried that a regular switch might let it run for a long time , wasting electricity and possibly creating a safety hazard . This way , I know it turns off after no more than 30 minutes .
 This is a great little light switch . No problem installing -LRB- it has a green for ground , black for hot , and two whites for each neutral wire -RRB- . Cons : - LED is a little dim , so it 's hard to see without bending down right in front of it . - The unit itself is pretty big , so it 's a real tight fit in the old switch box , especially with all the wires in there . The wires coming from this switch are quite long , so you may want to shorten them to give yourself some more room . - No `` always on '' button . I understand that 'd defeat the purpose of the timer , so this is n't really a con , but sometimes that 30 minutes just is n't long enough : -RRB- Overall I 'd highly recommend it . Great way to save a bit of electricity and wear on the exhaust fan when we forget to turn it off .
 The switch works great . Looks cool too . I only wish the switch was n't as deep . It took me a while trimming down spare wire to make space for the switch . It really depends on your setup -LRB- adjacent switch depths for example -RRB- .
 I 've had 2 other timer switches die within months . This one is going on 2 yrs . It really works . No more leaving the bathroom fan on for hours . Install is simple if you are replacing a large rectangle switch . If not then you may need to widen box . Not impossible but will slow the install .
 This is a fantastic addition or easy upgrade to your existing bathroom fan . Replace a regular toggle switch or `` twist dial '' style timer with this electromic timer.Select your run time , 5 , 10 , 15 , 30 minutes . A red LED shows you time remaining , flashing when it nears the end of its cycle . You can bump the time up or down at any time or override and turn it off.A small locator LED at the base helps you find it in the dark if you plan to use it as a lighting timer in a seldom-used corridor or garage.For your bathroom or kitchen fan , the major advantage is that you can leave the fan running for a while after you leave , helping to reduce moisture due to steam buildup.Combine this with a quiet fan and enjoy a steam-free bathroom , year-round .
 I previously purchased the Leviton LCD timer switch , which I would also highly recommend . Both switches require a neutral wire connection so check your wiring before purchasing . The switch itself is a bit bulky compared to a regular switch so if you have a lot of wiring stuffed in the box , you may have to move it around . Otherwise , installation is not particularly difficult . -LSB- UPDATE 2010/08/16 -RSB- Product image has been corrected since I wrote this originally in 2007 . No problems with the switch yet .
 This is a great product that works exactly as I had hoped . The timer operates silently except for a slight click when the switch turns on and off . The LED 's are bright red , so fans of Cylons and KITT will have one more reason to love glowing , red rectangles . The LED 's show time remaining , so if you hit the `` 30 min . '' button , that button will light up until 15 minutes are left , then the LED next to the `` 15 min . '' button will light , etc. . The LED below the bottom button glows constantly when the switch is `` OFF '' . As other reviews have stated , this timer requires a white , neutral wire in the switch box . There is more than one code approved way to wire a switched fixture such as a ceiling light or bath fan in a residence and you may not have a white , neutral wire present in the box . The only way to know is to switch power OFF at the circuit breaker , then open up the switch box and take a look . If you do n't see any white wires , you ca n't use this timer . -LRB- If you do n't have a white , neutral wire , most rotary twist knob timers will work for you , but you should verify using the manufacturer 's web site product page for the timer you want to install . -RRB- To install this timer correctly , you may need to distinguish between the `` hot '' black wire -LRB- the one that brings power into the box -RRB- and the black wire that sends the power up to the fixture . This can be done safely by covering the exposed metal on the black wires with electrical tape or wire nuts , turning the power ON at the circuit breaker and using a non-contact voltage tester such as theFluke 1AC-A1-II Volt-Alert AC Non-Contact Voltage Testeror theGardner Bender GVD-504A Circuit Alert Non-Contact Voltage Tester . Once you 've identified the `` hot '' black wire , label it or mark it with masking tape , turn the power OFF at the circuit breaker , then continue with the installation.This timer has metal fins on both sides of the switch . If this switch is being used in a multi-switch box , you may need to break off the metal fins on one or both sides of the switch . The fins are pre-scored and can be removed by repeatedly bending the fins up and down using pliers .
 We wanted an easy way to solve the problem of bathroom fans running all day at our house . This product seemed to be just what we needed so I ordered one . It was easy to install -LRB- although I have lots of experience in this area -RRB- . I did find that the unit did not work using the 5 amp mode of installation -LRB- no neutral connection -RRB- . The 15 amp mode with a neutral connection worked fine . We 've been using this timer for a month now and we 're all very happy with its looks , how it operates , and the function it performs . It 'd would be nice if it was $ 5-10 cheaper .
 I installed this switch 18 months ago in our bathroom -LRB- a room isolated from any outside venting thanks to a peculiar design decision made by the previous owners -RRB- . Previously the exhaust fan had been operated by a standard toggle wall switch , and all of us would forget either to turn it on or turn it off while running the shower.The installation was simple , and the `` decora '' - style block modernizes the room in a snap . The switches are labelled `` 30-15-10-5-Off '' and that 's what they do -- push one of them and the fan stays on for that length of time , in minutes . Each switch has an LED indicator next to it , and the time remaining is indicated by the LEDs lighting in turn , from top to bottom -LRB- e.g. , when 10 minutes remain , the 15 minute LED extinguishes and the 10 minute LED lights -RRB- . When two minutes remain , the 5 minute LED begins to flash . The OFF LED is a positive indicator that the device is off , and doubles as a night locator -LRB- good for our bathroom without windows ! -RRB- . It is unfortunately set a little too far into the lamp housing , which means it ca n't be seen unless one is facing the switch nearly head on.As with other Leviton products , the circuitry is commercial-grade and reliable . Unlike some mechanical timers , this switch does NOT have an option to `` hold '' in the ON position . This may make it unsuitable for applications such as outdoor safety lighting where it is sometimes desirable to keep the lights on -LRB- say , when you 're expecting company -RRB- . For a bathroom exhaust fan , it is close to perfect , and I recommend it without reservation .
 I ordered 3 of these switches and installed them in an afternoon ... I am not an electrician so if I can do this then I believe anyone can handle it.I did run into a couple of problems that were not listed in the reviews that I read so I will touch on these problems :1 -RRB- metal flange
 We bought two of these - one for each bathroom . Installation was easy , and the timer works as advertised.As other reviewers have noted , this product requires the unswitched power be available at the wall box where the timer is mounted . It ca n't be made to work if the unswitched power goes to the ceiling box where the ceiling fan is mounted and only the two wires for the switch come down to the wall box . If you 've got that kind of setup , you 'll need to go with an old-fashioned mechanical timer instead .
 Just installed two Leviton Decora Preset Timers in our master bathroom . So far they are working great . They look better than a dial timer.Installation does require a neutral -LRB- 4 wires
 This is a high quality switch that I installed for my bathroom fan . It is very easy to install and convenient - the timer can be set at 30 , 15 , 10 , and 5 minutes -LRB- once turned on , the time increments can be reset to more or less minutes at any time simply by pressing the desired button -RRB- . Just make sure that you buy the 20 amp switch -LRB- # 6230 for 30-minute switch and # 6215 for 15-minute switch -RRB- if you are using this to control a fan -LRB- the 5 amp switch wo n't work -RRB- . Definitely an energy saver !
 This switch does exactly as advertised . It really looks nice once installed . I have one for every exhaust vent in my home . Never have to worry about the kids or myself using the fans because they turn themselves off automatically . Easy to install . Make sure that you have a neutral wire in your box or you will not be able to use this unit .
 This is wonderful product for venting the bathroom especially if you have kids . I have one bathroom that does n't have one and the fan is always on blowing my conditioned air outside . So that is why I got this one.You need to make sure though that your wiring can handle this . If you do n't have a neutral wire at the switch location forget it . Generally this means you need at least two white wires wire nutted together , but there are other ways to have a neutral .
 easy to install easy to use easy to allot right amount of time to clear shower humidity
 Hooked this timer to my bathroom fan . Already had modular style switches so it blends in well with other devices . Installed easily -LRB- make sure you have neutral wire available in your box -RRB- . Works properly . Always left the fan running for a lot longer than I needed , so this was perfect solution . Cost of unit is pretty high , so going to take a long time to recoup cost in utilities savings .
 I saw something like this on DIY network and I thought it was a great idea and something I did n't even know existed . We had been keeping our bath fan/light on all day and it seemed like such a waste.Soem of the confusion I had were with the wiring -LRB- by no means am I an electrician -RRB- , but once I thought about how it should work , it made sense . The other issue was with the metal tab that another reviewer mentioned . If this is in a box with another switch or outlet , you will need to remove the tab to get it to fit.Looking back , I probably should have bought the switch that goes up to 1 hour instead of 30 minutes but it works great and I 'm very happy with it .
 Original review
 These timers are great whether for odor or moisture it is a must have in the bathroom . Just press the time you would like and forget about it . Whats better than that ?
 I installed this timer on my bathroom vent fan and it works great . No morefussing about leaving the vent fan on for hours . Easy to install but make sure the power is turned off before installing . Will get another one forthe hall bathroom .
 My husband bought a powerful but whisper quiet fan for our newly remodeled bathroom , he installed this so we would not forget to turn off the fan and burn out the motor . It was one of the greatest ideas ever ! this works by 5 min , 10 min , 15 min , and 30 min . he also bought one for our house fan for 2 hours , 4 hours , 6 hours and 8 hours . We bought this brand for every switch in our house !
 Easy to install , easy to use , and saves electricity . It allows you to turn the bathroom exhaust vent on and walk away knowing that it will shut itself off . This is very helpful if you have grandkids who like to turn on buttons and walk away !!!
 Great timer ; easy to install . Saves on electricity as fan is on a timer and ca n't be accidently left run all day . We have four of these in our home and have n't had any troubles .
 This is a great time and money saver . You ca n't leave an exhaust fan on all day and risk burning out the fan motor . We already had two timer switches like these installed , one for each bathroom but we needed a third for the master bath . Luckily , the electricians installed the largest outlet box possible in the bathrooms , because these devices and their connections take up quite a bit of room in the box.Wiring is not difficult . The only tricky part is hooking up the two black wires -- one is for the line input -LRB- power -RRB- and one is for the load -LRB- fan -RRB- . I used a voltage `` sniffer '' to determine which was the line input . I turned off the circuit breaker for switch , unhooked both black wires from the switch , spread them apart so they would n't touch , then temporarily turned on the power and used the `` sniffer '' to see which black wire was hot -LRB- the `` sniffer growls in the presence of voltage -RRB- . That one was the `` line '' supply . Ground and white neutral connections were obvious . I also shortened the four wires on the switch so I would n't have to stuff so much wire back into the outlet box . Oh , we also removed the long aluminum tabs on the sides of the switch so that it could coexist in the same outlet box that houses the light switch.I only wish they had one that worked on the exhaust hood over our cooktop .
 Installed in a new construction bathroom to control the bathroom fan . Mounted it between the toilet and the shower so it is easy to access from both . Works great . Was a bit hard to fit into the electrical box with the incoming and outgoing wires , but I managed to get it all stuffed in to the largest single gang box sold by the local big box home improvement store .
 These timers work great for bathroom fans . I wish there was a similar one that had an x-10 interface .
 Received this product quickly . Installation was easy and the switch works as advertised . Using the switch is better than trying to remember to go back and turn off the fan after the steam has cleared .
 I installed this particular timer in my Master Bath . Before using the shower I 'll hit the 30 minute setting as controls my bath exhaust fan . Not too long after my shower is complete , and all humidity is gone , my bath fan will go off while I 've moved on to other things . Easy to install . This timer looks great by itself or alongside any other Decora device . Neat , practical item .
 I purchased this to work my front porch and driveway lights . My wife leaves for work at 4:00 am and the lights would stay on all day until she arrived home . She hits a set time and leaves . It works great and I like the fact we are n't wasting electricity when she is n't home .
 Timer works perfectly . I bought one for the en-suite bathroom and one for the downstairs toilet , to control the extractor fans . Easy to wire up - if your house has a Neutral connection at the switch location . Timer switch is quite deep , so deep socket boxes are required . Timer offers four settings
 Works great and eazy to use . Individual LED 's make it easy to find in the dark .
 This unit is the cat 's meow.For the longest time the heater fan in the bathroom was always running . With this you push one of the preset times and it goes off when time runs out . Best of all it is silent not like the old spring wound timers.Wished I had it years ago .
 I am writing this review after a couple a years since I have purchased the item and I always said was one of the best investments I made in my house . Extremely happy with this product . I have one installed in each of my bathrooms .
 The perfect answer for bathroom exhaust fan energy conservation . No more finding the fan was left on for 6 hours . I have three -LRB- 3 -RRB- and they work very well .
 I am going GREEN . I hate when lights are left on and I ca n't police the house all the time . I looked for lights consistently left on that used a lot of power . My wife 's closet was the best example . I used some smart bulbs from philips that turned themselves off after 15 minutes but they burned out and are no longer available . I tried a motion sensor light . VERY ANNOYING . With the motion sensor the light would turn on for about a minute then you would have to dance around to turn it back on again . My wife would override the motion sensor and again leave the light on all day . This product is great because there is no override , and I do n't have to dance around to keep the lights on . Even though the color wires in my outlet did not match up to the ones in the instructions it is working well and I cant believe that my wife has not complained yet . She is , however , having me install one on my closet . I guess I am not as GREEN as I thought .
 Brought this to replace another broken mechanical timer -LRB- 2nd one in 3 years -RRB- for the bathroom . With no winding mechanism , this switch should last much longer . It is also cheaper than the wind-up mechanical timers . The best part , everyone loves the buttons .
 The switch works as expected . However , the screws that came with it is cheesy . The head is slotted and different gap than standard slotted screw . I threw them away and got my own . The specification or someplace should 've mention that this switch works only for certain wiring . I was lucky to be wired the way that it wants . Power , all three wires , have to go to the switch first then to the fixture for this to work . Make sure this is your wiring before you buy it otherwise the switch wo n't for you otherwise.Once it 's installed , it works great . However , I only had it for a couple of weeks . Hopefully it will last a while .
 Nice product . Works great , my wife wants to get another one to replace our wind-up type .
 exclent value these were a better priced than the big HD or lowe 's all product were in good shape when i recived them and are a perfect fit for the job
 Very practical solution if you need an outlet where all you have is a bulb.The pull chain is very short , the manufacturer includes a piece of string which you attach to the chain . Not a very good idea because the string expands when you pull it -LRB- my review is 4 stars instead of 5 because of this -RRB- , luckily I found some chain at a hardware store to replace it .
 Good quality bit that is sharp from the factory , cuts clean , and follows every last contour on the template . The dual bearings are nice in that the template can be at the top or bottom of the work piece without having to change/buy a new bit .
 This is one workhorse of a bit . Using my Milwaukee router , I 've fed this bit everything from 1/2 '' MDF to 1-1/2 '' oak . No burn marks , no vibration , just smooth straight cuts everytime . Well worth the money .
 I used this bit to cut my corian countertops . This thing got a ton of use and never got dull.I probably made between 750 -1000 linear feet in cuts and the first cut was as good as the last . It also worked great for rounded and detail cuts . I never had a problem with chatter , which also had to do with having a good router to work with .
 This is the first bit i ever got from Freud and all i can say is wow . Got this template bit to make zero clearance inserts for my table saw . It leaves a flawless edge that dosnt need sanding . No viberation and dual bearing is great for top or bottom template application . I will be purchasing Freud bits from now on def worth the extra money .
 This bit works really well . A + . Not much more to say about a router bit but I have to use this many word : - -RRB-
 This is a very good quality bit and the length made it work very well using a template to trim up a set of stair stringers made out of pressure treated 2 x 12 's . I rough cut them with a circular saw and then ran this along a template to make all of the stringers match . Very durable and excellent quality as I have found with all of my Freud products .
 This is a high quality router bit . I have used it literally dozens of times and it has not dulled at all . The blades have maintained sharp edges and the bearings are high quality and ride smoothly . The Amazon price is better than most retailers and it pays to spend a little more on a quality bit than buying substandard bits which dull after a half dozen or so uses .
 Switch and outlet are close to each other , yet sometimes it takes a couple of presses to get it to turn on or off . No big deal to me - I 'm just glad I did n't have to cut holes in the wall : -RRB-
 when I bought this switch , I was skeptical b/c some of the reviews here mentioned it does not work with distance and obstacle . I was so happy when I test it myself . it worked flawlessly even in long distances -LRB- about 35ft -RRB- .
 I 've had this August 2006 and has lasted three moves . Have used wall mount in the past in apartments , now it is screwed into the drywall in my house . I have had no issues . Only maintenance is I had to change the batteries once , recently actually . 5 star product and back then I spent $ 31.48 on this . I came across this looking for something similar for my closets to replace pull chains . I wish they made one with a socket adapter , looks like I have to buy a different brand .
 So glad I bought this product ! I have a piece of art hanging in a very tough to reach , dark spot . This allowed me to put a light on it with light switch capability . My wife is real impressed . Only took seconds to hang and get working .
 The design works well , however the switch is three times as thick as a standard wall plate . It is a better design than most remote lighting options , but it would be best if it could integrate into a wall through the use of a wall-plate . If you are looking to place this by an existing wall plate , it is not a good fit . If you are looking to place this in an obscure location such as in a cabinet or inside a closet it is a good fit .
 I just love wireless technology ! This product is easy to install and really works well !
 this handy dandy plug-in / wireless switch is just what i wanted.Instead of bending over and plugging in and out a lamp , plug in the console and screw in the switch where you want it then you 're done ! it acts like a regular light switch with no wiring , no cutting and patching walls .
 I have similar , more expensive , units in the house but this one I found it very convenient to remote operate a ceiling fan that had no wall switch.It works perfect and the price is very good .
 Worked as described . Used to control lights I installed under cabinets in the Kitchen . Control is inside cabinet above stove where I had a plug that controled the vent hood . Switch is located about 8 feet away . Works great !
 Sometimes you have to push twice to get it to turn on or off . It 's also a bit annoying that the outlet is on the bottom if you wanted to put in something like a night light , since it will be facing the wrong way . It does make the attachment nicer for normal cods , though.Pretty good fit and finish , though .
 I bought this for my mom , to keep her from going between the wall and her chair to turn on the light next to her chair and her violets that are behind her chair in our TV room . She is 92 and unsteady and I was afraid that she would fall and hurt herself . This control is sitting on her table next to her chair and now all she has to do is push it and the lights come on . Thanks for helping me keep my mom safe .
 I have been using one of these for a bedroom where the light switch does n't work and it 's awesome . I do have the switch and the receptor/receiver/plug less than 10 feet from each other just to make sure . You do n't really need to have a clear line between them though . I have the wall plug behind a dresser , and another storage closet is next to the dresser and it still works even though the path between the plug and the switch is not clear .
 It is a very usual device for people who do n't have plug in some important points of the house . It works very well .
 My new rental is 80yrs old and the light switch in the bedroom does n't operate any of the power outlets . I wanted to put a cabinet in front of the existing switch anyway , so I just installed this one in a convenient place on the wall and it works perfectly . I have n't experimented with the A and B channels as I have n't needed to . I 'm probably going to get another one for the living room .
 I had an extension cord going half way around a room tucked by the baseboard to turn a light on from the switch at the door . This wireless switch was just the thing I needed to get rid of that ugly extension cord . It was easy to install and works great .
 I was a little wary about paying over $ 30 for a wireless wall switch when I saw others for $ 10-15 and even purchased one earlier from Home Depot for $ 15 ; however , once receiving this , I have no regrets . The Leviton version of this technology is of so much better quality than at least the couple other brands that I saw . The switch is a solid box with metal rather than plastics screws . It takes AAA batteries for easy replacement where others took nonstandard size batteries that most of us do n't have laying around the house.I mounted this on the wall in our son 's room and other than being about a half inch deep , it looks just like the other Leviton decora switches around the house . The receiver is also much smaller than others I have seen and for us I am able to fit it inside one of the locking outlet baby safe covers we use from Babies R Us.I recommend spending the extra cash for the Leviton version .
 This item is amazing !!! We needed some lamps in our living room so we connected it to a multiple outlet strip and connected a couple lamps to it . We taped the switch up to the wall in the hallway , just to make sure it works . We did all this once we moved into our house over a year ago and it has worked MAGNIFICENTLY . The moment we walk into our living room , we turn on the switch and the lights turn on without a problem . We have been very pleased with the item and I have it saved in case we need to order another one in the future . I highly recommend this item .
 Great product and service . I have used the product before but not the seller . Delilvered on time and in great condition .
 I experience phantom glitches where the light turns on or off for no reason . Strangely it often happens when I 'm up late at 3am or something surfing the internet . So I 'm pretty sure nobody else nearby is clicking anything else to cause this ; perhaps it 's a temperature instability triggered by the cooler night temperatures ? I have given up trying to isolate the problem ; it seems unsolvable . But it only happens every few weeks or so , and I can live with that.I like the way this mounts on the wall and looks good.I now have a total of three sets mixed up
 I have a room with no overhead lighting and no way for me to wire one.The room is on the first floor of my house and has two bedrooms overhead.I plugged this little device into an outlet and plugged a lamp into the device.I mounted the switch to a wall by the door and put in the batteries.Works Great . Flip the switch , light goes on . Flip it again , light goes off.I would have given five stars but ... two issues .1 -RRB- Switch only comes in one style . No options for other types of switches .2 -RRB- For some odd reason the light goes on by itself once in a while . Not a huge deal but not very energy efficient . Perhaps the radio transmitter or receiver responds to some nearby interference . But I have no baby monitor or garage door opener .
 I set this up so I can light up a corner of the room with either LED lights -LRB- when it is hot and I want to save energy -RRB- or halogen lights -LRB- when it is not hot and I care more about the quality of light than saving energy -RRB- . The LED lights are on channel A and the halogen lights are on channel B. Both work fine for me ; other reviewers have voiced problems . This type of set up requires purchasing two sets of receivers/transmitters . My review docked the manufacturer one star due to not offering the purchase of additional transmitters separately . I also wish that I could buy just a transmitter that does not look like a wall switch but is more compact and would go well on say a key chain . If anybody finds a substitute transmitter that controls either channel A or channel B well -LRB- preferably both , of course -RRB- , please add a review and suggest the alternate product . By the way , I live in a Manhattan apartment building and have not experienced any interference from neighbors .
 I have purchased a few switches like this from Amazon , including the Stanley version , and this one is the most superior one of the bunch . I have had no issues with the signal , though on rare occasion , the lights that I have plugged into them have turned on spontaneously , but it 's only happened maybe 3 times in almost 6 months.That said , the on/off switch itself installs easily and looks the most realistic from the ones I have used -LRB- even if it is a bit bulky -RRB- . While others may have mentioned it is not your typical `` switch '' and will not click into place for either on or off , the button is still more than adequate . The most important part to me is that no one can tell this is n't a regular hardwired wall switch.Pros : - Looks like a real wall switch - Very easy installation - Good SignalCons : - Not a typical switch that clicks in place -LRB- though still adequate -RRB- - A bit thicker than a real wall switch ** I would definitely recommend this switch over others I have purchased .
 I was wanting to install a light into a dark closet . There is no power in there but there is an outlet on the wall immediately outside of the door opening . This let me discreetly run an extension cord into the closet into which I could plug the track light unit I had installed inside . The problem was , one would have to reach up into the dark ceiling of closet to switch on the light fixture.This remote switch solved the problem very elegantly . The unit works perfectly and the switch is mounted just outside the closet door allowing us to turn on the light without having to go through any contortions or groping in the dark . The switch itself is a bit thicker than a standard wall switch in order to accommodate the batteries installed in it but in our case , this does not detract from the beauty of the installation . Looking at the photo of the switch here on Amazon you can see that it is labeled `` on '' and `` off '' . This is just a sticker that can be easily peeled off if you prefer a cleaner look as we did . It does have a two position channel switch to allow multiple units per room/house but I only have one and thus was not able to test this feature other than to confirm that it does indeed work on both channels when configured correctly . The receiver unit -LRB- where you plug your device in -RRB- does make an audible clicking noise when you turn it off and on . We do n't find it loud enough to be an issue but someone who is more picky might find reason to complain about it . You 'd have to be pretty picky though . The switch itself looks like a standard rocker type switch but it actually is n't . It 's really an momentary contact type affair . When you press it in either direction it springs back to center immediately . I ca n't imagine this being a problem for anyone but I mention it for those who like to know exactly what they 're getting.I ca n't speak for durability at this point since we 've only had it a couple of weeks . Nor can I tell you what the battery life in the switch will be but I 'm 100 % satisfied with the looks and operation of this product . It saved me a house call from an electrician and looks very professional .
 Great product . Very reliable , working every time without a glitch for nearly a month . No interferences of any kinds . I do n't know what caused trouble for others , but mine worked seamlessly . Easy to install . Needs four AAA batteries.The only thing that can be improved is the thickness of the product . It 's a little over 1/2 '' thick , so it stands out when it is placed next to other -LRB- regular -RRB- switches .
 This is a great wireless switch . I 've been using it for about a month without any problems . It switches a lamp about 20 feet away so it definitely works as advertised . It has not interfered with any other RF devices I have in my home - and I have more than a few . I have to take a little off for the silly `` On Off '' sticker on the paddle -LRB- I simply peeled it off -RRB- and the fact that the paddle design is a little misleading . I expected it to pivot and snap like a standard Leviton paddle switch . It actually does n't pivot . It seems to click a mechanism underneath so you can not tell if the switch is in the On or Off position by simply looking at it .
 I found this to be an outstanding product . It works much better than what I was using before . It turns the light on and off only when wanted . The remote switch we used before would turn on and off without our pressing the button . This is much better . We are pleased in every way .
 It works just as advertised . I have it mounted to the bottom of my kitchen wall cabinets . The outlet is in the over-the-range microwave cabinet and is attached to 2 under cabinet LED light kits . Works beautifully and it is all invisible . Great product !
 We have a switch that controls an outlet that we wish to keep on and use for a TV etc. . We also wanted to use a lamp on the same line but , did not want to have to turn the lamp on and off manually especially in the dark as we have no ceiling light fixture in this room.By installing the remote switch and the remote RF receiver for the lamp , we have solved the problem . The lamp is controlled by the remote switch and the switch that controls the outlet , remains fixed in the on position .
 I use the switch very close to the receiver so I have no issues with the wireless connection . It works as advertised but about twice a month it will randomly turn on because it picked up another signal from somewhere .
 Ordered this by mistake and could not use it for what I wanted . However , we decided to plug our Christmas tree into it and it works well . It has an A and B wireless setting . It would do nothing set on A but it works every time on B.
 Purchased this about a year and a half or so ago , when my wife and I moved into a condo . We had a switch that did n't associate with any plug , so I installed this in our entry way , and plugged in a lamp to the receiver.Have yet to have any problems with it . Works like a charm and extremely easy to install . Only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars , our neighbors have a similar -LRB- different company -RRB- brand of remote switch which will turn on/off our lamp every so often .
 This is a nice Visibility Safety Vest for riding at night . Has plenty of stripes to be seen . Cheap too .
 This vest is exactly what you would think it to be . It is bright , reflective and light . The price ca n't be beat either , especially when compared to the fancy running reflective vest . I bought the XL size so that I could wear it over my backpack . It fits pretty well for that , though it is pretty tight if I actually close the velcro in front . So far no problems just leaving it open .
 Just what I needed for early morning walks . I like the light and big size to fit over my jacket.Perfect fit , Perfect price !
 The item shipped immediately . I use this product when I ride my bicycle at night . I have heard complements on it as I have rode on the bike path .
 I need this in France when I rent a car . It is required as part of your emergency equipment . Everyone should have one of these vests in your car in case you break down . It is good for visibility during the day or night . It is also good to wear when walking at night . Very fast shipping .
 Simple construction , good materials , good price , works as you would expect . Have n't used it enough to know how we 'll it 'll hold up , but so so good .
 I bought this for my husband as his line of work requires he wears it constantly.I do not see it much , but in over a year we have not had the need to get a new one so I will guess the workmanship of this product must be good .
 We bought 2 of these and worked ok.Used them for over 3 months while cycle.touring and we had a great time . They are scratch resistant . And compress to the size of a 12 oz can bottle.I do n't give them a 5 star because I did n't like the V cut on the neck . I was quite fashion suited cycling and these were horrible in terms of design .
 So I bought these for my crew . They 're in and out of roads etc , and obviously they need to be seen . Not anything you will see at Armani 's next line of men 's clothing , but they work just fine . Because they are an outer garment , they will get scraped and torn sooner or later . You can wash them once or twice , but plan on replacing them every 6 months or so . No big deal ; rather safe than sorry !
 The vest is clearly visible at night time , and as a motorcycle rider , that is very important to me . The XL size is probably the length of a Large T-Shirt , but it fits nicely over my motorcycle jacket . I did notice that instead of 1 horizontal reflective strip -LRB- as shown in picture -RRB- , there were 2 horizontal strips . Which , in my opinion is much better for visibility purposes . Come to think of it , it looks exactly like the ` Neiko Neon Yellow Safety Vest ' . Vest arrived in a sealed plastic packaging neatly folded , which was placed in a USPS envelope .
 As a person who commutes to and from work on bike , and returns in the nighttime , this vest is a great safety precaution at a very reasonable price . I especially like it because it is so light and takes up hardly any room when folded , and because of it 's loose design , it fits over any garment I wear , light or heavy . The vest is best seen at night -LRB- though I highly recommend the use of front and rear lights when riding at night -RRB- , but one is also highly visible when wearing the vest on overcast days and in the rain .
 Must work pretty well because the first night I wore it to walk the dog , an elderly couple -LRB- older than I -RRB- driving by stopped and thanked me for wearing it ! They said it 's frightening for them to drive around at night because they ca n't see dog walkers , joggers , etc. well , especially on overcast nights , but they could sure see me CLEARLY FROM AFAR ! They said it was more reflective than any other vest they had seen . Since then , others have done the same . It seemed that others steered clear of us , too , whereas in the past , WE frequently had to jump out of the way , even though we always carried a moving flashlight and wore light-colored clothing . Seems to be very sturdy . Velcro is large , firmly attached and works well . L/XL size fits well over our northern heavy , bulky winter coats and clothing . Mesh fabric is somewhat stretchy/flexible , so is comfortable and improves fit . So light , you hardly know it 's on . Great product ; bought another for spouse ! Will buy again .
 Not much to say . It works , it 's good quality , and it 's cheap . I use it for walking the dog on a windy dark road at night .
 I bought this vest because I do a lot of landscaping work outside and I want to make sure I can be seen by motorist . This vest definetly accomplishes that function very well . The vest seems to be well made and the reflective stripes are very bright . My only complaint about the vest is that its a bit big for my frame . I usually wear a size large -LRB- I 'm 6ft & 165lbs -RRB- . I 'm sure when I wear this during the winter months with a jacket it 'll be perfect . I 'm overall happy with the purchase . ** Update 10/09/12 ** This vest has held up well and I 'm still wearing it when working outside . I 've been able to wash it a couple of times and it cleans up well after getting dirty . I 'll probably be buying a replacement in the next six months and will get the exact same one .
 I purchased the vest for visibility during the daylight hours while I 'm out riding my bicycle . The motivation emanated from being nearly run down at crosswalks numerous times when primarily 20-something drivers seemed to like to make rolling right turns into the crosswalk that I was occupying even though the `` walk '' sign was clearly flashing in my behalf.The vest is light to wear , fastens on with a long velcro strip down the front , ventilation is very good to the degree that I forget that I 'm actually wearing it.Ive noticed since I 've started wearing the bright vest in the daylight that drivers who are just passing down the street that I 'm traveling on quite often turn their heads and notice me on my Raleigh Roadster even though I 'm not directly in their path . Previous to wearing the vest , I noticed that drivers rarely paid any attention to my presence . The Bright Green color seems to catch their attention even on the opposite side of a 4-lane city street.Size-wise I 'm about 5 ' 7 '' and a bit rotund -LRB- I 'm riding the bike to lose that rotundness -RRB- and L/XL vest fits quite well and covers a few inches lower than my waist line.I will not ride without the vest anymore and while I do n't think the bright vest will give me 100 % protection , it certainly has raised the odds of my bicycling survival .
 I bought 2 of these vest almost 3 years ago for bicycling with my dogs . I 'm still on the first vest ! It is still VERY bright and the Velcro closure is like new . I 've never washed it . It is very lightweight and breatheable , which is wonderful during the summer . I 've been completely satisfied with this purchase and would recommend it to others .
 I run and walk in the evenings and always worried that vehicles could not see me . So far so good as I have not been hit yet .
 Not something you would wear with winter gear for Search and Rescue , but perfect for wearing over a layer of clothing . Breathable and visible .
 We bought a few of these for our parking assistants at our church . They are extremely bright , and keep our guys and gals safe as they help people find parking . They are also relatively well made , universal in size -LRB- within reason -RRB- and inexpensive . For the price , you 'd be hard pressed to find a better deal on a safety vest .
 The safety vest does the job . It 's light-weight and I feel a lot safer wearing it on an early morning walk .
 AAAA batteries are so hard to come by nowadays . This was a great deal . I use them for the stylus on my Lenovo Thinkpad . The battery life is on par with top brands .
 Streamlight 65030 Stylus AAAA Replacement Batteries , 6-Pack ...
 These are really good batteries , super long lasting so that means a lot to me . Would definitely recommend to anyone .
 These are LONG LASTING , buy them if you bought a stylus , they will last you a couple of years ! ... -LRB- also , you wo n't be able to find them at any of your local stores -RRB- .
 they was new in pack and in date correct size and work fine what more can you say about a pack of batteries before you submit
 I wish that getting these were easier to get than it is , but then they last for a good while too .
 The best AAAA Replacement Batteries 6-Pack for any LED Streamlight & any thing else that runs on AAAA Batteries .
 the batteries were just what I was looking for ; but the cost of shipping such a small item was too costly .
 A rare battery that costs so much more at Radioshack . What can I say . It 's a battery .
 Good price and the other batteries lasted a long time so I think these will . we will see .
 Radio Shack sells these batteries for twice the price plus tax . It 's a Radio Shack brand which is not as good as a brand name battery . Goodbye Radio Shack .
 I have a laser pointer and I can not find these batteries in any local stores . Perhaps a camera store would have them , but I never bothered looking as I knew Amazon would have them . Just what I needed , batteries work great and arrived promptly . Pleasure doing business with this seller !
 I am glad that I was able to find this size battery for my blue tooth online . This size is extremely hard to find in a store .
 I need 4 A batteries for a small remote with my K40 system . I could not easily find them locally . So rather than spend a lot of timeand gas looking . Orderint thrugh Amazon.com was a real saver .
 I recently lost power in my Streamlight stylus flash pen . So I went on line to Amazon and found this great offer . I received my replacement batteries within two days ... nuff said !
 Batteries work well and all were fully charged unlike other batteries that claim to work , which they do not . Nor do other batteries fit the streamlight even though they claim to be AAAA batteries . I know , I tried at least two other brands . None worked in the streamlights I own .
 a ; on d d nad ; d d ; dn n ; dn ; dnv lkd dn ln kn ; n e nknea e i env
 Do n't really know where else one can find these batteries but the deal is great . On time delivery and competitive prices will keep me ordering these batteries from Amazon .
 I got a sealed fresh pack of 6 AAAA batteries . I 'm very happy to have that one . This item delivered with in 4 days .
 The product arrived a day earlier than estimated ... good job ! I have not had to use the batteries yet as the unit I ordered came with a battery of the same type , but I trust Energizer and the price was great for my pocket !
 The batteries work well . They are very hard to find any where else.I always can rely on amazon.com for hard to find products .
 Replacement batteries are not inherently exciting . Wait a minute , hold the phone ! They should n't be . They should simply fit into the intended devices without hassle , power them up effectively , and last for a long time . That 's exactly what the Streamlight -LRB- remarketed Energizer -RRB- AAAA batteries do . They make my Streamlight gleam and they allow my cats to chase my laser pointer 's spot for hours on end . It 's too bad that all consumer products do n't work this unobtrusively and well !
 Batteries purchased by Police Officer for Stylus light ; difficult to find locally . Light is effective in daylight when dealing with subjects suspected of DUI .
 The pen light is exactly what I needed . The light is a little bluish and bright , but for the rest ... great .
 I found instructions online for taking apart a 9-volt battery and getting 8 AAAA batteries out of it . If price is your imperative you can find a how-to for doing this yourself . It drives the price down to about 25cents each . I think I used a Duracell and got 8 batteries for my wife 's bluetooth headset .
 Streamlite makes a fine flashlight in a very narrow configuration to work where other flashlights are useless . When they first came out you could buy AAAA batteries in many stores . But no more . They are more scarce than the proverbial hen 's teeth . Many on-line stores seem to know this and overcharge for AAAA batteries or charge ridiculous shipping costs . That is exactly why this Amazon package is a great deal . A fair price and a fair shipping cost for a good product .
 these batteries have a good long life and provide the power to give a nice bright light .
 A little slow in delivery , and the batteries are loose and not as pictured in a retail package . But otherwise happy with the purchase .
 Hard to find this size of battery , great deal on this 6 pack . Batteries used so far were great and long lasting !
 that was fast !!! it arrived in just 4 days !!! these 4-a batteries r hard to find & when u do find them they want anywhere from 12-15 dollars a pack !!! they arrived in the factory packaging not loose r n plastic baggies !!! they seem to be in good workin condtion for my stylus streamlights !!! will buy from again n the future very satisfied !!!
 I order this to go with a `` Scosche EAFH Single AGU Fuse Holder '' . It appears to fit fine . I have n't tested it any more than that yet .
 My house is 17 years old and I had so many plugs that were loose and would not grip what was plugged into them . I have replaced about 10 of these so far without any issues and their &#34; grip &#34; is very tight .
 Bought this for my Dad and he was very impressed with the quality of the receptacles . I bought two packages and the pricing was excellent compared to buying them in a store . I was so pleased that Dad was pleased and had no complaints only praise . He was surprised that they were made so well . There are so many different kinds to choose from and since Dad is very handy in do it yourself projects around the house I was concerned that I might have chosen a brand that was cheaply made , but I hit the jack pot . So I am as happy as Dad that I took a chance on this brand and it was more than I expected .
 These are priced appropriately . They are more than adequate for all must the most discerning renovations . They are consumer grade , and probably not suited for anything more than a very light commercial use.Bulk prices , and acceptable quality .
 Arrived promptly , was well packaged . Very heavy duty receptacle . Well constructed out of heavy material . Had no problem removing cover and hooking up wires . Works fine .
 Need this style plug for Dr Heater DR988 Portable Infrared Heater . Does the job , shipped free , what 's not to love .
 I bought the NEMA 10-50R version , which worked well in an application where I needed to relocate my 240Vac , 30A , electric drier outlet .
 I 'm really pleased with this greenhouse . It was pretty easy to assemble but I 'm glad I read other reviews to know it 's just a tad challenging to get the poles in -LRB- just a very tight fit -RRB- . There are also little pockets that the end of the poles fit into and they were a little difficult to find -LRB- tucked into the inside seams -RRB- . Very attractive and easy to move.Very good product .
 I have the 72 '' x 72 '' and am ordering the 60 '' x 60 '' as it is really great . Am growing green peppers to full size on the Oregon coast . Mostly easy to set up -LRB- it is a tight fit to put the poles in place -RRB- and once set up is very stable . We had a late high wind and rain storm , and it did n't move an inch . Really can recommend this product .
 This was by far the best purchase I have made in a while ! We recently moved -LRB- couple years ago -RRB- and the first winter , ALL my plants died . My husband said he would build me a greenhouse . Ya , that didnt happen . So I bought this pop up as a `` till I get my `` Real One '' built '' . Well I love it , although , it filled up fast ! My family came over for the holidays and fell in love with . Now Im making 3 more orders for them ! Its so easy to put up , I can do it by myself .
 Bought this for my Aunt for christmas because Deer kept eating her veggie garden . Since then it has been through some thunderstorms and strong winds and it has stayed up , and most of all my aunt is happy with it .
 This greenhouse was a gift for my husband - the gardener in the family . We live in a first floor condo and our entire patio is his garden using earth boxes and other planters . The greenhouse was easy to put up - together we had it fully set up in under 15 minutes . It has held up well through winds gusting to 50 m.p.h. , rain and frost . We have n't had a freeze yet . We do n't intend to keep it up all winter , just far enough into the season to harvest a full fall crop of sugar snap peas and lettuce . So far we are delighted with this greenhouse and would recommend it to others .
 Really neat enclosure that is perfect for growing plants indoors . I put one of these in a basement room with a grow light and a fan , and , hopefully ... Winter veggies.The Good
 I purchased this to help winter my flowers and not have the garage taken up by my plants . I love it ! I should 've ordered a bigger size because I have some rather large flower pots . However , this is doing a great job and maybe I 'll upgrade next year .
 this is an excellent product . Just a little more difficult to put together than a backpacking tent . In use , it holds heat quite well and lets in plenty of light .
 I bought this greenhouse as a gift for my father as he is a year-round gardener and always wants to get a jump on his spring tomatoes . He keeps it set up for starting seedlings and moving plants in for cool weather cover . This greenhouse is very easy to set up . I recommend this product .
 I put this greenhouse up by myself , with only a tiny bit of help from my five year old son , in less than an hour . I am not normally a handy person , so you can be assured that it is a simple process . I only needed my son to help hold it down -LRB- it was very windy ! -RRB- and to hold the instructions.The roof poles were very tight to get in . The only way I was able to do it was to un-do one section of the pole , put the ends in the pockets , and then put the poles back together . -LRB- They are like tent-poles , only more sturdy . -RRB- It was SUPER windy last night , but the greenhouse held up great . There are twelve stakes around the perimeter of the tent , and four tie-downs . -LRB- Strangely , though , we only had stakes enough for two tie downs . so we made our own for the other two . -RRB- It is located right outside our bedroom window and even though the window was open I never heard it flapping around or anything . I 'm very confident that it will hold up to our windy weather here on the prairie!It 's only been up one day , but so far , I 'm very happy with it . : -RRB-
 I have only had this greenhouse up for a week now , but my initial impression is that it seems to be made of good quality materials . The zippers are large and sturdy . They provided 12 very large grounding steaks to steak the unit down . Assembly was simple ; It took only 10 minutes to unbox and fully assemble . They even provide a storage bag to store the greenhouse when not in use.I am using this greenhouse to winter-over three large hybiscus and one small Manderin . The last couple days have been extremely windy and all seems well so far . Tomorrow the overnight temperature is suppose to drop to 28 degrees and I will see how it does . I will provide an update this spring when I take it down and comment on durability , etc. . . So far , I am extremely happy for the size , workmanship , and value , so 5 stars .
 This green house was relatively easy to setup , although I did require my wife 's help to get the interior poles set correctly . The zippered door and window operated as advertised with no issues for the first two months of use . I obviously can not speak to the durability as I am only in the first two months of operation . It is a great kit with poles , stakes , greenhouse and carrying case . The poles pop open to their full length quite easily similar to most modern tents . The extra 5 poles serve to give the greenhouse extra stability for the walls -LRB- 4 -RRB- and roof -LRB- 1 -RRB- . The greenhouse itself has sewn in flexible `` poles '' that allow it to pop open similar to those pop open windshield covers that you might have for your car . The stakes are great for anchoring to the ground and the sewn in loops give you the ability to add tie down ropes for needed extra security for windy days or storms . Overall , a well designed portable greenhouse for seasonal use .
 Originally purchased it for some `` theraputic `` reasons . Fits a chair and footstool perfectly ! On a sunny but cold Feb or March day in Minnesota ... it became my mini-three-season-porch ! Sets up in minutes and warms up beautifully ... zipper vents if you need them ! Good bye SAD!And this year , it saved my `` tropicals '' that I had set out early ... from some late-coming frosts.Folds up and away when I 'm finished using it . Takes up very little space.Do NOT expect to leave it up all season !!!! It was not made to be a permanent structure !!! UV resistant it is not!For uses like I have explained above , it will last for years !!! Love it in Minnesota !
 This greenhouse was easy to set up with two people . Quality is very good . I like the fact that it has a carrying case for storage . This has helped greatly with eliminating the need to move heavy potted plants every time there is a possibility of a freeze .
 It needs to be stiffer and less like a tall plastic pup tent , but all in all it shines as a cute cold weather storage and plant shelter .
 It is definitely worth the money . Love it !! The zipper is a little tight , but if you pull the wall toward the zipper it will zip fine.Would definitely order again .
 Super easy to put up . Has nice seams and zippers . Appears to be pretty good quality . I put this up against a window so it helps heat the house . We love it . Additional comment
 I wished I learned about the existence of such a product sooner . I have two of these set up now , each over a young fruit tree in the ground that was covered in fabric frost covers for the winter -LRB- ugly ! -RRB- The plant house really does a good job keeping the air moist and warm , and it looks nice . My neighbor only sees part of the dome peaking over the fence line.Since there 's plenty of space inside mine , I moved a few container veggies in as well and they are doing fabulous . I 'll probably keep mine up year round to protect the subtropical trees and grow tomatoes in the winter months.Similar to the other reviewers , they are pretty easy to assemble but a but the poles are a tight fit . I only used about half the anchors supplied to secure the plant house . I have n't needed to use the ties .
 The pop up green house was easy to set up and move into place . The stiffening rods and tie-downs make it sturdy . We are eating tomatoes for the first time in the winter in the Phoenix area . Seems to be a good value . We have n't tried to fold it back up yet which we will do for the summer .
 I 've been considering buying a pop-up or portable type greenhouse for two years now , but kept deciding not to because of the reviews saying that they tend not to last more than a year or two due to UV damage . I was researching the option of UV protectant sprays -LRB- which might help if reapplied on a certain schedule -RRB- and came across a greenhouse shade cloth specifically for this problem which is apparently common with all types of greenhouses . The material is a special type of knit available in different colors and currently only $ 3.50 per foot for 12ft wide fabric and $ 5.50 for 20ft wide fabric , and you just need to cover the roof . They also sell special ties to secure it on . I looked at their Flower Houses and currently are offering a free custom shade cover with purchase . They are located at `` littegreenhouse '' dot-com . I do n't have any association with this company , but now I 'm feeling more confident about purchasing one of these collapsible greenhouses which I would like to last at least 5 years for the money . I have not purchased the Flowerhouse yet so can not comment on it , but gave it 4 stars to avoid skewing the ratings .
 Really like this vest . I bought it for high visibility while riding my motorcycle . It is very bright and stands out nice . The reflective strips are super bright . The only complaint is that these vests run small , so get one two sizes bigger especially if you 're going to wear it over a jacket .
 It fits very comfortably and does not rub your neck at all . It is highly visible and the vest should hold up . It says it is washable up to 5 times but I do n't think the reflective tape will hold up that long .
 Works great for what I purchased it for . I wear this every night when I walk my dog on a fairly dark street . So far I have not been hit : -RRB-
 Excellent visibility , I use this 4XL oversize fits fine for my 2XL winter coat with velcro , it is okay and I use it everyday for walking any parking lot without hitting by any vehicle .
 I was shocked to see less than stellar reviews on the Freud FT1700vce . I have owned one for several years as my primary table-mounted router . The motor is 13 amps , and feels stronger than my other 2-1/4 router . It can handle raising panels - the most demanding operation for the router motor.Features are fantastic . No need for a router lift , because above the table router adjustments are built in . Unlike many other popular routers , you can perform all operations from above the table - raise / lower bit , lock/unlock collet , & change bits . The spindle lock is the best I have seen . You simply flip a lever , and the collet stays locked until you are done . This makes for easy one wrench / one hand bit changes . Also there is a button you push to make quick coarse height adjustments . Once you get it close , just turn the knob as usual to dial in your height setting . Not all routers have this great feature , but the FT1700vce does.Reliability 5/5 stars . Blow out the dust once in a while , that 's it.Power 5/5 stars . I use my router table on every project , and I have never wished for more power.Ease of use 5/5 stars . The features listed above explain why.Gotta have it factor 5/5 ! My only complaint is minor
 I purchased this router because I go tired of swaping my DW 621 on and off the drop in plate in the router table . In many ways the 1700 is what is was promised to be . It does adjust from the table top and is also locked from above . Bits can be changed from the tabletop . Its so easy to use that I did n't use my existing drop in router plate but just mounted the 1700 directly to a new 1/2 inch thick router table which is located on the extension of my Jet Supersaw.At first I was disappointed as the above table adjustment mechanism did n't work without backlash . I called Customer Service and they suggested adjusting the lock mechanism and stretching the lift mechanism spring . This worked fine and eliminated the backlash and made the lift work better . Customer Service also offered to have the router sent back for spring issue but it took about 5 minutes of my time instead.Because I decided to mount the router in a 1/2 inch thick table top I had to modify the adjusting wrench . You can also use a metric allen wrench.Bottom line the router does what was promised and does n't require an expensive lift or drop in router plate . It needed a few adjustments but it is rock solid now .
 I have had this router for about six months now and it really is a good router with abve the table adjustment , automatic collet lock and variable speed . But , do n't really waste your time on this router if you want to use panel bits even if it is just a few times . I 've had to make a couple of bookcases for my job and decided to take this router instead of my 31/2 hp router and the difference is huge . I had to make at least three passes in MDF with a 3 '' panel raising bit with undercutter and the cuts still were n't that great with 13 amps of power . I only make one pass with the 31/2 hp router -LRB- 15 amps -RRB- . If you plan to use this router often I would n't use anything bigger than 21/2 '' in it . Other than that it does a good job with everday routing .
 This is the best table router I have ever owned ! The height adjustment above the table with the wrench is a dream to use and the collet actually extends ABOVE the table for bit changes . This is also the most pleasing router I own -LRB- and I have many -RRB- in terms of sound and has a quality feel about it.BTW , I found the manual to be more than sufficient . Router use is not rocket science so if you need more info on it 's use I would suggest that you look for a book on the subject or take a class . The Video CD -LRB- which played on my computer with no problem -RRB- was too basic for my needs but would be great for a beginner .
 Delivery took just two days for free super saving.This one has so many nice features that make woodworking a fun.Bit can be changed above the table . Just push up the bit and lock it with auto lock . Because of extended spindle shaft with auto lock , I 've never changed router bit this easy . Also height ajustments are a snap ... easily done with one hand . I can do either way , just turn the adjustment knob or use above the table adjustment knob that provided . It starts real soft and runs very very quiet even in 20k rpm.I found two cons though very minor . It does n't have a light . And the location of screw holes for table mount are different than those of 3-1/4 HP Freud router . So I had to make two more holes in my router table plate .
 I bought this specifically for a router table so the ability to change bits without a big hassle & adjust the depth & lock from the top without the need for a separate router lift -LRB- VERY expensive -RRB- was the main features I was interested in this . The built-in variable speed control is just a bonus . The fact I found one on Amazon for such a deal was even better ! The power switch is a bit weird , but I plan to mount a safety power switch to the table so it will not be used other than to make sure it is locked on . As mentioned in another review , I too noticed the above table lock release did not tighten sufficient to hold , but tech support told me to lightly tighten the hex screw on the outter lock & it took care of that . I am looking forward to using this more after I get the table totally done .
 The Freud FT1700 router is great for use in a router table . The ability to change bits without removing the router is a definite plus . Two options are available - either using the special adjusting tool above the table or actually looseing the router lock and raising it from below .
 This steamlight is allowing me to view items in close quarters . In example checking filaments in fuses -LRB- automotive -RRB- . The company was very fast in delivering this flashlight . I am very happy with them an it .
 This is a great penlight . I work in the veterinary medical field and use it every day . Many people ask me where I got it . It 's fantastic !
 I have had two of these already and can only give them 5 stars . I managed to misplace one and decided that the easiest way to find it would be to just order a new one.I was in the need for an extra anyway.Sure enough the day after the new ones arrived . I looked over at my creeper that was hanging on the garage wall . It has magnetic trays on both sides and there it was stuck to the tray.Who would have thought ? LOL
 As a medical professional , this is the perfect penlight . It 's bright , light-weight , and durable . The multiple settings are extremely useful . The sleek design does n't hurt either . I would recommend this to my coleagues and other anonymous professionals .
 This light is so easy to carry around and poke into all sorts of small places . I do renovation design and there 's always a need to look into or behind things .
 This pen light is bright , multi-functional , and does not take a lot of room in my pocket . Have had doctors and nurses ask where I got this after they asked to borrow it , and it was hard to get it out of their hands . I work nights and have used it to illuminate stairs , passageways , rooms , writing reports , finding my pager , the engine and undercarriage of our ambulance and many other situations I just needed light . I recommend this to anyone in EMS , and or the hospital environment !
 I work at an auto repair shop and bought one of these off one of the tool trucks that come by every week . I keep it in my back pocket all day as I roll around on the floor and get in and out of cars and I often forget its there until I need it and remember its still in my pocket . The aluminum case holds up extremely well to my 210 lbs sitting on it over and over again all day . The size makes it perfect for working under a dash looking for burnt fuses or replacing a fan speed resistor . While not extremely bright , it is bright enough to light your way in the dark but thats what bigger lights are for . For the price , its an excellent buy if you frequently need a little light to see what your doing . I paid a little extra buying it off the truck but the tool guy honors the lifetime warranty and will hand me a new one if this one ever breaks , but so far I have n't even scratched the finish .
 I originally bought one of these through a snap-on tools van , quite a few years ago now , they come in very handy in my job -LRB- vehicle technician -RRB- as they have a compact beam pattern , which sines where you want it without washign out the whole area in light and are thin enough to shine in areas when a normal torch wont fit , plus there pretty tough , as torches often get dropped/bashed etc while working in my job.The only drawbacks i have come across with them is the fact the AAAA batteries are harder to find than the more common AA or AAA sizes , and thus more expensive and the LED can be vulnerable -LRB- hence why they give you a protective cap with them now -RRB- which is what killed my old one , to be fair it lasted approx 7 years in a harsh environment thoughOh and despite me not living in America or being an American i bought the USA flag version , partially because i liked the look of it , and partially because you cant buy them via amazon.co.uk , so its less likely someone else will have one the same and i can see who has it if it gets ` borrowed ''
 The AAAA batteries are the only negative thing I have to say about this penlight . They 're not easy to find . Regardless , the light is bright , constant , and very well built . I use it for checking pupils and such in nursing . It is the perfect size and really high quality . This little light can not be beat .
 Item works as advertised . Great little light to keep in your briefcase , handbag or purse . Very slim . Gave one as a gift and it was well received . Highly recommended .
 bought this for my everyday use examining patients . It is extremely bright -LRB- almost absurdly bright -RRB- . It works great , just wish it had a locking on button . Have to hold constant pressure to keep it on , other than that , its great !
 I have had this penlight for over a year.It is a bit longer than a pen but smaller in diameter than a disposable penlight . The batteries are easy to come by . So far it has worked with out fail . I like the versatility of the penlight . It can be left on by turning the top or you can push the button to use it quickly.Mine has a small dent from being tossed across a room , but it has held up to being soaking wet and dropped .
 It does what I wanted . I was not impressed with the stylus part as it was too hard but if you like to have a flashlight with stylus tip , this is pretty good .
 Used it at bedside table for when I needed a nightlight but not as dim as a nightlight and not as bright as a flashlight . Perfect for at home . Plan on using it for after new baby is born to change diapers in the dark : - -RRB-
 I bought two of the Streamlights about five years ago for selectively lighting still life photographs , a technique known as light painting . They worked perfectly for that purpose , although this is a technique that I utilize only occasionally , and a year or so after I purchased the two lights , I was unable to locate them , and so I used a different , bigger light which was adequate , but not as good as the Streamlights .
 My PERRL reactions turn my colleagues green with envy . This is a beauty of a light , it actually fits into the built-in pen slot of my white coat and stays in my white coat . Does n't dim . And after 6 months of getting dragged back to home & to work still looks like new and the clip of the penlight has not fallen off.It 's a keeper .
 We were very pleased with the Streamlight . We already knew it was a good product as my husband 's former employer manufactured them in the past . Would recommend to all .
 Is I will loose it ! Other than that they are great and the batteries last forever ... . Well not really but they last a long time .
 This lights are awesome . We have used them for several years in my business . We can keep them in our pockets and pull them out when we 're in attics , crawlspaces , basements , closets , and etc. . We used to have big lights with recharageable batteries and they were so expensive to use and we were always leaving one on a job and that gets expensive . Great product .
 I bought this to replace one that my husband had loaned me , that I subsequently forgot at my sister 's when I was visiting there . This model is really great . The light is so much brighter and intense , yet the penlight itself is sleek and thin and takes up almost no space when traveling . It 's just a lovely thing to have if one needs a guiding light in the dark .
 This light puts out a really bright beam for its size . It 's just a little bit longer than I 'd like , but nonetheless it still fits into a shirt pocket . I believe it is rated at 10 lumens , which is plenty bright for finding your way in the woods and you can be assured the batteries will last a long time . A click on-off button would be nice , but it 's not difficult to turn on at all by twisting the end cap . The plastic hood that fits over the bulb end really helps to focus the beam instead of having it spread out wide . I found that it works well on the brim of a cap simply by taking the clip off and reversing it . All in all , this is an outstanding flashlight .
 This item is handy for instant light - although not the brightest as compared to a regular hand-held flashlight . Good for close-up inspections such as documents , etc. or within small , confined spaces .
 Turning cap a few rounds will switch it on permanently - just pressing the button on top end is what nurses would do to check the eyes for signs of life.It is aluminum - solid feel - heavy.Since it 's LED , and if you just the morse code button a few times a day - the batteries should last very long - I would check for leaking batteries every few months , since batteries tend to leak after a few years .
 I work in an industrial environment and this little light holds up better than most . With it 's compact size it fits well in my shirt pocket . it stands up to 100F + with it 's metal frame so I do n't need to worry about it melting if I set it on a hot surface -LRB- although the batteries do n't like it I 'm sure -RRB- . I lost one a while back and loved it enough to purchase another . You wo n't be disappointed with this little guy .
 I have worked as a professional Firefighter/EMT for the over 30 years ; this is the best most dependable penlight that I 've ever had . I bought this for myself about 8 years ago and other firefighters wanted one too . Now the department issues these to all new entry level firefighters as they come out of the academy.This penlight I have used every shift for the past 8 + years and it has never failed to work , today I am buying only the second set of replacement batteries . This is a super bright penlight that I use on emergency medical calls and on daily rig checks ; when I 'm checking equipment in dim light situations or patient eyes for reactivity.It also cleans up very easily from exposure to bio-hazards . I bought a second one for my tool chest a few years ago which my wife has since appropriated . The thing to remember about LED lights is that they are directional as far as light pattern , this may take some getting used to.I ca n't recommend this product enough , buy it you wo n't regret it .
 These pen lights are amazing . You can not believe how bright they are if you hold them out like a flash light , yet if you get them out to illuminate a bill in a dark restaurant , they focus the light just basically on the paper that they are held close to.I worked in an inner room of a school that sometimes lost power and the emergency lights routinely failed and this was the perfect thing to keep in a pocket and with the blue colour it showed up differently than most of the pens or other writing instruments I had . I have not yet had to replace a bulb and even better ... what they do not show you on most pictures when you buy it , it has a shield that fits over the bulb to protect it , yet lets the light shine brightly through - just an absolutely great product and a wonderful gift .
 This is a nifty pen light ! My Dad loves it . We usually make fun of him telling him that he keeps his office in his shirt pocket . He travels a lot and has to go to ship terminals , warehouses , factories , and other places that require a light at times for surveys . This light can be seen a mile away and you can use it with or without the cap to either use it as a lantern or a more focused light . It is ridiculously thin and really does look like a pen in the pocket . As my mother said , do not use this in the theater to find your seat , you may blind someone ! I am really happy with this purchase .
 Well made pen light . solid body to it unlike other lightweight aluminum bodies . Trim design fits into a pocket comfortably . Surprizingly bright light . Nice rubber safety cover over the bulb end to protect it -LRB- as i 've already dropped it and it didnt break -RRB- . Well worth the price .
 I own several Streamlight Stylus penlights , the standard penlight type and the one with a flexible head . They all have a narrow , but powerful beam . They are well constucted -LRB- aluminum bodies -RRB- and have a momentary switch that can be screwed in for a continuous beam . The standard Stylus is slightly longer and heavier than the average pen , but can be easily carried in a shirt pocket with the supplied pocket clip . The major down side are the 3 AAAA batteries required to power this unit . They can be hard to find and are slightly more expensive than their AAA counterparts . On the positive side , I find myslf using the Stylus more than my larger more powerful flashlights , simply because it 's handy size means I can carry one more often .
 i am an avid flashlight collecter , especially LED lights . i have found this little thing to be bright and extremely handy and light to carry around . you wont even know you have it on you . it burns forever , and gives out a lot of light . a great addition to my collection ! you better buy one !
 I have several of these in varying colors , the red is for night flying , because it does not ruin one 's night vision . Need I say more ? The battery life is excellent , and the batteries are cheap -LRB- AAAA -RRB- if you plan ahead for your needs and find an internet wholesale source . The LED light is pure white and lasts 100,000 hrs , as compared tp the `` orange '' color of the light my dermatologist had been using -LRB- incandescent bulb disposable penlight -RRB- . 3 AAAA batteries last about 60 hours -LRB- included -RRB- . Chuck HarrisBaton Rouge , LA
 This pen light is made by Streamlight . This is the world famous company that also makes the ULTRASTINGER by far the most affordable brightest flashlight made to date . The penlight is of single led design and the light output is clearer and brighter than the famous AA mini-mag light . The penlight is very durrable I use mine daily in a metal foundry and the battery life is extremly long . The batteries are AAAA so that makes them a little hard to find but they are out there . The flashlight takes three batteries so keep that in mind when you are buying spares . The flashlight comes with batteries in it so you set for a while . I have bought four of these lights and I keep then in my car 's and also carry one on me at all times along with my Gerber . If you slide it along side of the Gerber the nylon pouch will hold them both just fine and the light is tough enough so no damage will come of it . I belive that streamlight also stands behind there products 100 % percent so if you do damage it just call them up for replacement or warranty info . This penlight is a very good buy and Amazon seams to have them for cheepiest on the web . There are several colors available and even UV . The White light is very bright and clear . I highly recommend this penlight to be carried with you and to keep one where ever you might need a good light .
 I do n't have any long term experience with this product but it seems to be exactly what it claims to be . I love the size and the light . You can push on the back end to light the front while holding the button down , or you can twist the back end to have the light stay on without having to hold anything . I just wish they had a cap to protect the button on the back so I would n't have to worry about using up batteries when the pen is being tossed around in my hand bag.The light is bright enough to look into a hand bag at night , or find a front door or car door lock in the darkness . It 's great for looking for something dropped in the movies because its bright enough to see but not bright enough to bother others.I like it so much I ordered some for Christmas gifts with all the different light colors .
 This is an excellent flashlight . It is always handy , right in the shirt pocket when it is needed.The only drawback to the Stylus light is the required three 4A batteries that are difficult to find off the shelf when needed . However , I realize that the unit would not be as `` handy '' if it required 3A or 2A batteries . So I will order my supply ahead of the time they are needed and purchase them on those very rare occasions that I happen to find them hidden away on a battery display .
 Awesome penlight . If you are looking for something roughly shirt pocket size with power this is it . Still have n't been able to find `` aaaa '' batteries . You may want to get an extra set with your initial order . However the package claims a long battery life . We 'll see
 Very durable and functional light . Yet it 's the size of pen . Great for seeing into those hard to reach places . A must buy !
 Great light for the money it will last a life time if you take care of it i use mine everyday at my job great for inspecting parts in tight places
 I have gone through lots of flashlights over the years . The last one I used was a Mag Lite that has been in my utility pouch longer than my cell phone . Because I need to carry other tools too , I am always looking for durable tools that are small and functional . This is the best pen light I have ever come across . This LED light is very bright but does not have the ` saturation ' the maglite -LRB- 2AA -RRB- has . Though it 's value is increased by the ability to see into a wall crevice and sized to be with me at all times . I like the way it will not turn on from movement in my utility pouch and run the batteries down . This was a problem with the maglite . Streamlight Stylus is a Great Tool . I will be buying more of them .
 Having a good , yet small light to use at work at a local hospital , this light is fantastic . The only problem is that it is TOO BRIGHT , it was simply solved by putting a thin opaque filter over the cap that someone with the light . But all in all this is a great light .
 I found all sorts of uses for these at work in the Operating Room at a hospital . I am involved in many cases that require the room lights to be turned off for laparoscopic purposes . When I am the circulating nurse on a procedure , these come in very handy in finding items &#34; in the dark &#34; without disturbing the surgical team . The L.E.D. function is great , and offers nice and bright pin point light right where it is needed . I really like these .
 This product is great for RNs . I use mine on a daily basis and you can tell it is a quality product .
 This was a great purchase for the quality and the price . I would definately recommend this item to anyone to buy .
 I have a lot of flashlights and really did n't need another . I saw this one mentioned in a blog I follow and for the low price , thought I 'd give it a try.This is a very high quality flashlight . Really , it 's made of much better materials than most and works really well . It 's made of machined metal and the fit and finish is excellent . The push button on the top is for brief lighting and it can be twisted to keep the light turned on.Only downside is the AAAA batteries that it runs on.I did n't need another flashlight , but now I 'm going to order a few more of these !
 As a filed computer repair tech , I have this on me everyday and use it couple of times a day . Need to take a quick look inside , or just connect couple of cables in the dark , then this light comes really handy . Has good light for it 's size . Although I have to say it would 've been better if the holding clip was slightly longer -LRB- sometimes it comes off from my side pocket -RRB- and also the plastic cover that comes with it got a crack after two weeks of usage . That 's not what I would expect from Streamlight.Overall , It 's a good light .
 good product great for what I need it for ! Amazing bright . I would recommend this product to law enforcement for DWIs
 I got this to light up crystals and minerals I study . The battery lasts a long time . and the bulb is LED so no burn out . I bought all the other colours as well
 I love these things.I got a couple of the green LED to preserve night vision and these white LED ones just to be `` normal '' ; -RRB- It 's tough
 Very nice LED light for tight corners to see . Multi use for almost every project . It is the same size as a pencil . If you do a lot of snaking you most have this light will make your job very easy . If you are a Electrical Contractor & you snake a lot of wires you most buy one of this LED Streamlight you will save time & money.The only thing is you have to buy batteries online instead at you local stores .
 Ordered the Streamlight 65018 Stylus Pen , the package came just a few days later . It works great ! Brighter than my mini mag light !! Great for checking under-car leaks !!!
 I needed a pocket flashlight for my work but found that I use this light constantly
 Fast shipping , great product as described , about that , the description is the best i 've ever seen online ; it 's accurate and precise . I strongly recommend this pen light .
 These are excellent flashllights . I use them all the time in my property management position . They are super handy fitting in your pocket like a pen . They last forever and stay bright .
 I just this moment received this penlight ... I anxiously opened it to see what I had bought sight unseen ! . I then went into a completely dark room and was amazed at how much light it gave off.Yes , I 'm pretty happy with this penlight , so far ... . I rated it at just four stars because I think that itsa bit overpriced . By the time I paid for shipping and the taxes on it , it came to over $ 20.00 . BUT , only time will tell if it was worth the $ 20.00 .
 I was not disappointed with this purchase as with all Streamlight products . I have used them for years and they have all been very duarble and have always exceeded my expectations for the purpose I got them .
 The Streamlight 65018 is the perfect mini flashlight ! It fits into a shirt pocket or a purse and is easy to use . The brightness of the white LED light is fantastic . I use it all the time in my business and am considering buying one for each of my family members .
 I am a nurse and I was looking for a good penlight . This is AMAZING ! It 's super bright without blinding the patient but yet you can see everything you need to see .
 So far I have never replaced a battery in one of these . I had a coworker that used one long enough to need it . We compared mine to his with new batteries and the were the same . I 've probably used mine a year . I generally buy a bunch of these in case I misplacec one and hand out for gifts
 I had a streamlight given to me for use at a former job . Used it daily for over 6 years . It was my `` parting gift '' when they closed shop . It finally had a switch problem after all the years of use . I bought 2 of the lights thru Amazon to replace the non-functioning light.I like the light weight and how much light it puts out . Really handy for looking into tighter spaces like under dash boards .
 Powerful , economic and stylish . It almost does it all , you could probably change a tire in the dark if you had to ... batteries last LOOONG , have n't replaced them since I bought this little gem .
 I love this pen light , it 's the best one I 've every purchased . It 's really lightweight , and it works great . It 's a little longer than i would like for it to be , but that is a minor inconvience of owning such a great working product .
 I own quality flashlights and keep them in my tool box and bag . I saw this penlight used by a maintenance tech . at a customers facility . This Streamlight is fast at hand for inspection before I even open my bag to begin a repair . Great size for travel . Quality made and bright for its size .
 I have carried a light in my shirt pocket for many years . I have tried many different kinds and this is the best I have ever had . I use it many times a day in my job and all my coworkers also carry one of these in their pockets . I also highly recommend this supplier .
 I always carry a pen and a pocketknife in my front left pocket , and when I decided I also needed a flashlight there , I was pleasantly surprised to find this little stylus . It does n't add much bulk at all , but just squeezes perfectly between my knife and pen . This is sappy , but I have never loved a flashlight so much
 Product of high quality and to shared in common prices . The salesman gave the product he offered as it , would return to him to buy in the future .
 I use this in photography for light painting . It helps me to achieve amazing results ... very powerful ... what ever you need a little light for this has great output
 Light , bright -- slip it into a pocket unnoticed . I have several in toolboxes , travel kits , etc.Inexpensive , useful , and high quality .
 Great penlight . Fits in my pocket right by my pen and I never have to search for a flashlight around the unit .
 As my title reads , I carry this in my pocket everyday at work . It 's bright enough to get the job done . My only issue is finding AAAA batteries -LRB- that 's right , AAAA batteries . -RRB- The only place local to me is a battery-specific store . It 's held up awesome with my everyday use . Highly recommended .
 This is a great pen light . Very easy on/off mechanism as just a press-down button at head of the pen . When you let go , the light turns off . This is pretty bright LED pen light and is great to use for looking in patients ' mouths or at their eyes/pupils if you are a nurse or physician . The clip is great if you have a lab coat and if you want to clip it.I think it is a great purchase and I highly recommend it if you need a penlight .
 This was a gift for my husband since his old one finally died & he was crushed . He loves this one as is very slim but has good light , so he keeps it in his backpack at all times just in case he needs it .
 I bought this for clinics and it is the brightest thing I 've ever used . Great for looking at eyes , wounds and scabs . It 's a handy thing and I hope it will last for a long time .
 i have used a led light like this for several years im sure there are a lot of uses it small enougph to keep in a pocket or cliped on your shirt ect . i get the most use from mine when im checking out fire arms , they are great when looking for dust , rust spots and having it with the American flag just made it jump at me and say put me in your pocket , batteries are not an item you can just run to a store and buy aaaa i have never ran one down i think they adver , like 90 hours warrenty cant be better if you dont mess it up and it just goes bad send it back they repair or replace .
 Item is exactly as described and has a strong and well crafted feel . The light is very bright and I use it to examine patient 's eyes so it can be a little blinding but I just warn them ahead of time it will be bright .
 I bought this light primary for ophthalmic exams . I 'm a senior veterinary student and use a pen light on a daily basis . I hated the disposable ones that constantly got turned on while in your pocket . This light requires that you hold down the button or twist the end to get it stay on . This makes is nearly impossible to turn on in your pocket.It 's also very bright for an LED . I would recommend it for anyone that needed a pen light for any reason !!!
 This is really a terrific light . It uses LED technology which tells you the following . The `` bulb '' is virtually unbreakable and appears to have an unbelievable work life -LRB- can you believe 100,000 hours -RRB- . Run that on your pocket calculator see what that comes to in days and years.Next , even though the LED burns with a pure white brilliance , it is cool to the touch . This is the light I let my 7 year old niece use . Because LEDs draw little power compared to the light they put out , they do n't need large batteries . The battery size is AAAA . This allows for a very light weight tool.If you need both hands free , you can hold this light in your mouth for a long time because of the light weight -LRB- no pun ! -RRB- It also remains in your pocket forever without drawing attention to itself because of its size.Also of great importance is that this is not just a toy -LRB- even though it is fun ! -RRB- It is a real working tool . I am a physician and this is my little exam light . It works great at examining eyes and throats . You may find it useful in dozens of situations . Because of its size it can go everywhere - home , car , shirt or jacket pocket , purse or briefcase and so on . There are also different colored bulbs for specialty applications I wo n't go into here.One of the complaints I have seen is regarding the AAAA batteries . First of all , the batteries last for a very long time because of the low power drain . You may never change the batteries . Secondly , the batteries are freely available at Walgreens which seem to be everywhere these days . They are in the specialty battery section with the hearing aid and photo batteries.I occasionally check and I have always found the AAAA 's in stock.The major limitation is that even though it puts out a lot of light for its size , it is a `` pen light '' . If you need to light a whole room up you will need a bigger light.Bottom line - this is a really great light . For the price , you can purchase several and leave them wherever you might need them.LED technology is revolutionizing flashlights in the 21ST century and these lights are classical demonstrations of advanced technology . They do more things : put out more light , use less electrical power , weigh less , are less likely to break , and cost less . Enjoy !
 When we go out to a dim-lit restaurant we often have trouble reading the menu . My wife was thrilled to have this Streamlight penlight in her purse . She can read the menu easily and I can read the check . She found this bright light handy for other purposes around the house .
 Since purchasing two of these lights , I have come to rely on them and use them almost every day . Wish I had gotten several more when they were on sale . Surprising how many times a flashlight comes in handy . I can easily carry this one with me wherever I go .
 Top quality light in every way
 This is an amazing light that will serve you well in special circumstances . It is a penlight , and as such , does n't replace a regular flashlight . It does , however , have its uses . If I am traveling and think that if might be nice -LRB- but not necessary -RRB- to have a light , this one is perfect . It takes up almost no space and is bright with a fairly focused beam . At home it is a great light to illuminate tight spaces . I also like leaving it beside my bed in case I have a need for a little light but want to avoid brighter lights that might disturb my wife.This is not the kind of light you will use for extended periods of time . You use it for a moment or two at a time . Because of that , the batteries will last for quite a while . If you do need to replace them , you can open up a standard 9v battery and remove the AAAA batteries you will find inside of it .
 I planned on purchasing a Maglite Solitaire , but ended up choosing Streamlight 's 65018 Stylus White LED Pen Light , having read the tepid Amazon reviews for the former , and the enthusiasm for the latter.This product is ingeniously designed and sturdy -LRB- the body is made of metal -RRB- . The light emitted is surprisingly powerful , given the small size . `` LED light '' means that it propagates a white , halogen light
 I could n't agree more with the sterling recomendations for the Stylus penlight . The sturdy Stylus delivers reliable performance without fail . Be advised though , that if you misplace it , even briefly , you will be so bereft that you will immediately want to order another . Avoid criticism by nosy parkers when they see a second order appear , buy at least two styluses to begin with -LRB- both the same color , eh ? -- and three would not be too many -RRB- . This foresight will be rewarded , then , as you 'll have one at hand , even the the other one -LRB- or two -RRB- are awol . With amazon now selling the batteries , how could life get better?Okay , the elephant in the room . As any true advocate of this light will attest , the Stylus spends a lot of time in the owner 's mouth , giving it 's owner two-handed access to the dark crevices it illuminates . Unlike most any other flashlight , including penlights , this little gem is entirely comfortable , dentally speaking , while giving laudable and legion service . Thus , the only possible improvement Streamlight could make in the Stylus would be by adding flavor sleeves for the upper length of the light . But flavor or no , I 'm keeping everyone of MY three styluses .
 Lightweight - clips in shirt pocket or camera bag easily . Very bright spot from LED light source . Perfect for rooting around the cab of the truck or bottom of my backpack in darkness .
 This is a good small light . Fits in a shirt pocket like a pen and works well for small jobs , like looking inside a computer case etc. .
 This item is highly recommended for all of those big and little projects that you do where you need extra light . Fits right in your pocket and is there when you need it .
 I have many tactical and high quality flashlights and am very familiar with brands like Streamlight , Coast , SureFire , and BlackHawk . With that said I am impressed by this wonderful little light , especially in this cool anodized blue color . It will carry and fit in places where other lights wo n't . I always carry one at the ready in one of my fanny pack pockets . It will carry equally as well in shirt or purse pocket . It does use somewhat uncommon AAAA batteries ... I ordered them here at Amazon -LRB- love this place ! -RRB- and they are reasonably priced . Do n't know how long they last yet . But the brightness and the form factor of this little Streamlight truly make this a standout in tiny lights . Finally its even serial numbered . What 's that mean ? That 's just a manufacturer 's way to let you know they believe in the quality of the light . Includes a friction mounted light protector that I think might be better served on the switch end to prevent inadvertent actuation . No matter
 This pen light is great I love it . Check pockets cracks and crevasses without risking your fingers very bright The only problem I had with it was the button but it still works fine its just a little stiff hey I ran over the thing !
 Very good quality . batteries are hard to find . I looked at Target and Walmart , they do n't carry this kind AAAA batteries . I might try Radio Shack next . I am sure I will find them some were .
 I used to carry around a penlight from a Pharm rep , Pfizer , I think -LRB- they ca n't give you free stuff anymore -RRB- . I always hated its ugly yellow light so I got this one . Works so much better and the attending loves it . Excellent for quick eye exam and seeing JDVs ! I really do n't look in the mouth nowadays unless I think they 're dehydrated . Get this and a good reflex hammer !
 Streamlight Stylus White LED Pen Light is of a real superb quality . It is very smooth and slim to hold , has a very peneterating bright white light , the design is great and it is very comfortable to use . One should hold the power switch during usage .
 How can you not have a handy little light like this ? It 's extremely bright for such a small package . Very cost effective as LED 's are energy efficient too .
 Guys at work that Ive sold them to just really love them . Once I started using one , they all wanted to buy one from me . Ive sold every one of them . They work great for technicians and engineers.Thank you .
 I purchased 2 of these white-light LED flashlites , and they work great ... They are no bigger than a pencil , yet they throw an enourmous amount of light , and the batteries last 5 times longer than normal flashlites . They are so small you can carry them on you anywhere , this is the future . . !!!
 I 've had this light for over 6 months . This little light has been a great asset in all of the places I 've used it from working on a PC to crawling under a sink . For its size , this flashlight proovides quite a bit of light . The nicest thing is has over a flashlight , other than its easy to carry size , is that is does n't leave part of the illuinated area dark like you would experience with a normal bulb since this uses an LED .
 firstly , i dont own this but the concept is amazing for the price.obviously , anything with a non-marking tip can be a stylus . anything that wont scratch or mark on the screens of pdas and such . however the LED feature is to die for . basically because i would never go and buy AAAA batteries from some highdollar store , nor order them online . the trick people is a 9V batterypack . simply take some pliers and pull the hard shell off of a 9V and you have 6 AAAA in your hand . they 're unmarked , sadly so you need to do a voltage test OR just trace the polarity as they are in the package , it 's pretty obvious with each cell connected end to end .
 I am a medical student and needed to purchase a penlight . I purchased this particular one greatly underestimating how bright it actually is . Thus , I would have to say it probably is n't the best for shining in a patient 's eyes ... way too bright for that . However , if you want a real good flashlight that is carry-convenient , look no further . Engineered simple , strong , and powerful . Bargain for what you get.Bulb
 This pen is really nice . Its very bright . Unfortunately , too bright . I use it for medical purposes to check pupil reaction and its a little blinding . I stuffed some paper in the tip and now its better . But it would be nice if it came with inserts to adjust the brightness . Feels very durable and uses simple AAA batteries .
 I work in a restaurant and often need to go looking for bottles of wine . Where we store the wine is very poorly lit , and I can not turn up the lights -LRB- since they are on the same dimmer as the restaurant lights ... lame . -RRB- Anyhoo ... the Mag lights always seem to get left on and the batteries go dead so finally one day I decided to look for a little pen light to keep on my person . I stumbled across this one and liked what reviewers were saying . The price was a bit more than I wanted to spend , but I pulled the trigger anyway and am glad I did.This is built like a SureFire . It 's black-anodized aluminum with a very bright LED . I am not sure if I like the fact that you must hold down the button to keep the light on , but I will never be out of batteries due to it being left on ! All in all I am very pleased with it , and have even found it comes in handy in the car . The only negative I can think of is you can rattle the batteries a bit , but it 's not enough of a gripe to ding it a star . Best pen light I 've seen .
 The Stylus penlight is absolutely awesome . I purchase them for our ophthalmic technicians and physicans to examine pupils . The brightness is perfect for this test . Exceptional durabililty especially in light of our professional use . The AAAA batteries are easily ordered from on-line retailers .
 I use the pen light in a hospital setting to check pupillary reflexes and this is hands down the best . It is bright enough that you can get constriction in even the brightest conditions but not so bright that you would worry about temporarily blinding the person . This is as bright and works far better than the welch allyn pen light which is usually around 40-50 dollars . The one criticism I have is that the pen light comes with a plastic cover that goes over the light and protects the LED from being broken . The cover broke the first time I tired to put it on , it along the length of the penlight and wo n't stay on . Like people have previously states the pen is built like a tank , the cover on the other hand is n't .
 Very easy to use and durable . Long lasting battery life . Best pen light ever . No complains . Wish a better looking outer shell .
 I love this light and bought several for family . My only problem is it seems to create a vacuum inside the battery compartment and I ca n't get the last battery out . If anyone has figured this out , please help !!
 I purchased this product to have a smaller option than the larger flashlights I normally use at work . I have a Streamlight Stinger LED that can be bulky at times . This one fits perfectly in your shirt pocket and is real good with batteries . It does take the odd battery size of AAAA . They do last for many hours and the light is very bright . I would definitely buy this product again .
 The light is small but extrememly bright . I had another light made by same manufacturer and really liked it . I would highly recommend this light and others made by this manufacturer to anyone out there .
 I know it 's not one of the million candle power super models but that 's part of the reason I like it . Runs on AAAA batteries so it 's very thin and give plenty of light inside a tent , to read by , checking my camera bag , all without blinding me . Twist top to leave on or use the button for a quick look . Very well built . For me a must have in the camera bag .
 I keep several Streamlight Stylus penlights handy for when I have to work late at home and make my way around the darkened house after the rest of the family has retired . So I 've used these penlights frequently for years . There 's a lot to like about them , as they are very well-engineered and well-made . They provide bright , even illumination and are dependable , easy to activate , lightweight , compact , durable , and water-resistant -LRB- as to the last , I accidentally dropped one in a sink full of water once and it came out unaffected -RRB- . Perhaps above all , the Stylus does not flicker , an old annoyance and complaint I have had about many flashlights . To maintain the Stylus I put a little silicone grease on the threads and O-rings once or twice a year . That 's all the maintenance it ever needs , apart from replacing the batteries at infrequent intervals .
 Everything is as advertised and the price is great . The light is really bright and it 's really small so you can carry it anywhere you go . The only thing I do n't like is that it uses AAAA batteries because they 're hard to find in stores but I guess that 's the trade off when you get a penlight this slim .
 I bought this for my friends and I to use when we try to read menus in &#34; romatically lit &#34; restaurants so we 're not fighting over the ambient light from the table candle ... it works !
 these are the longest lasting brightest pen lights I can find and have used these for years i would recommend these to anyone looking for a slim light that fits in your pocket
 Everything I expected and that 's all I want to say or need to say . Clicking on the stars is enough .
 My boyfriend is a diesel mechanic/auto technician . I bought him one of these and he LOVES it ! He uses it at work all the time , and you cant even tell its a flashlight when he has it hooked in his pocket . They are SUPER bright and come in really handy . I would highly suggest this product !
 I 've had one of these for ten years and only lost it because the batteries leaked . Fortunately the price was inexpensive enough for me to replace easily . This is the perfect size for me to stick in my Jeep . Sometimes you need a small light you can bite with your teeth while you 're looking behind the dashboard , for example . It 's very bright and the batteries last forever . You do n't need to buy batteries because it comes with a set of Energizers . Just make sure you use good batteries . Makes a great gift ! Here 's a secret ladies ... men love flashlights . They can never have too many .
 This light is very bright with a blue white light rather than the other yellow light types . It fits conveniently in a pocket and is especilly good for use with menues in dimly lit restaurants as well as using it as a night light . It is a bit difficult to find AAAA size batteries in the basic stores . This was a good find .
 I do service work and used a MagLite 2D cell flashlight for about 18 years . I thought nothing could beat it for the close up work 5 '' to 30 '' that I do . A customer gave me a Streamlight Stylus Penlight one day and I started using it . I had just changed the batteries in my MagLite but started using the Stylus anyway . Several months later I went to use my MagLite because I forgot my Stylus in the truck but the batteries were dead . I DO NOT MISS MY MagLite , I put it into retirement and have not looked back . This is not good for distant work but for what I do I LOVE IT . It is just as good as those other little led lights but smaller and more manageable . I have bought them for friends & all love it .
 I do service work and used a MagLite 2D cell flashlight for about 18 years . I thought nothing could beat it for the close up work 5 '' to 30 '' that I do . A customer gave me a Streamlight Stylus Penlight one day and I started using it . I had just changed the batteries in my MagLite but started using the Stylus anyway . Several months later I went to use my MagLite because I forgot my Stylus in the truck but the batteries were dead . I DO NOT MISS MY MagLite , I put it into retirement and have not looked back . This is not good for distant work but for what I do I LOVE IT . It is just as good as those other little led lights but smaller and more manageable . I have bought them for friends & all love it .
 I bought two of these little lights and they are so amazing that I have to buy another one . My first night at work one of my co-workers liked it so much that I sold him my spare one on the spot . A few nights later my boyfriend stole my other one from my shirt pocket and he wo n't give it back !! Hahaa !! So here I am to buy myself another penlight that I am going to keep under lock and key !! Geepers : -RRB-
 This light seems quite bright compared to other cheaper single led lights . I love the metal construction . I keep this in my pen holder on my desk so It 's nice that it comes with a cap that protects the led while still allowing you to use it . I only use it a few seconds at a time to find things in drawers and such . It 's been almost a year since I got it and still on the original batteries . Love that you can use it momentary or twist to keep it on . Would recommend !
 This is such a powerful little light . I keep one in my purse and one in my car . LOVE IT !!!!
 This pen-sized light is awesome . And I 'm picky ! Been using my small Maglight for 15 years cause nothing even came close ... until now . I really love this pen ; it 's thin , light , super bright , bulb wo n't burn out like that of the Maglight . Batteries last forever , do n't need a belt holster anymore . I can go on and on ! Buy it ! It comes with an attachable hood for the tip for a little more spot precision , which I love and will never remove .
 i work in the automotive field and have found this penlight very useful at night and in dark situations . the stylus is very bright and fits great in my shirt pocket , i definitely recommend it .
 I have carried a Streamlight for years . It 's lightweight and easy to carry in a shirt or pants pocket . They are extremely durable .
 I regularly repair iPhones and other small electronics and this has been great . It 's super bright and portable and make it a lot easier to see in those small places a normal light would be any good at . Super durable as it is made of metal . Great product !
 Well , the light on this one is so strong that when I checked my patient 's pupils , they scream like heck . So , I just use this penlight to the big trauma patients and those who are severely neurologically compromised , because a sluggish vs. brisk response might make a huge difference to these patients . I 've had this for 8 months now and it is still going strong .
 i have carried one of these lights for over 2 years know . have droped several feet to concreat and submirged in oil and water and still works !!
 Maybe it 's not fair to judge this compared to the stylus pro light by Streamlight but we like the pro much better . This penlight is just too long and I 'm not as fond of it 's bluish light it emmits compared to the overall light out put of the Pro . We find it easier to carry the pro in a pocket and find it fits our needs more . But thought we 'd give this one a go . Would n't recommend unless you are looking at very similar pocket penlights say for medical field . And I actually like some of the plastic body models years ago that did not emmit that blue light but a warmer yellow ... yes I know it 's the type of bulb that makes a difference and these bulbs last a lot longer . I ca n't fault the quality of this light and it does like the other streamlights it has a stay on button which is one reason we like the Streamlights over most other brands .
 I bought this for my mom who is a CNA and must go in dark rooms to input vitals on a computer . She had told me she just turns on the bathroom light to accomplish this so I thought a flashlight was needed . She said she tried flashlights but the batteries do n't last long when you are using all night long . So I did some research and found this penlight that allegedly win run 60 hours . It has n't been put through the test yet but I can say for now it looks promising . She said its bright enough . I bought a lanyard with a disconnect so she can wear it around her neck . She tends to misplace things so this should work out well . It 's very lightweight so as to be unnoticeable . I got the American flag version and it looks good . The only reason it gets 4 out of 5 stars is because there is no lanyard ring on the light . I think it 's a small detail that can make a big difference . I attached lanyard to the pen clip and it works for now . I will have to modify it because it rubs against the sharp edges on pen clip and over time it will eventually cut through the lanyard string . Maybe I 'll use a rubber band to keep it from moving on the pen clip . As I said , it 's a small detail but it changes the way one could wear this light in a job situation with constant need to be easily accessible while minimizing misplacementt/loss .
 I gave this to my daughter to use the penlight to check eyes . It works just fine but she 's using it as a stylus for her pad because it 's too long . A shorter penlight is easier to manuever near a patient 's eyes as well as fits best in the jacket or pants pocket . This item is approx . 2 '' too long for it 's intended use - it 's even long as a stylus but she 's using it . Go for a shorter product - if you order this 6-1/4 '' item , you 'll see just how akward it is .
 Good for small places Great for showing crowded areas to others Computers small appliances Teaching other people how a machine works
 Too long for a shirt pocket , but other than that it works great . Steady on or intermittent switch . Very bright .
 I work in a hospital . I am a department where the light is always dimmed . This is a great penlight because it 's not only light but its bright enough for my job . I would like to give it a five but I had issue with the length and It has a tint of blue . I order a white thinking that Its going to be bright white but the light has a blue tint . I thought the 61/4 in . length will fit OK with my uniform , unfortunately it did not plus if you add the glare guard that came with its going to be longer . It is not a big deal , it still fits in my pocket , it just sticks out a little . Over all I still recommend this product . It is a great pen light . Just be aware of the length and the pocket of your uniform .
 This is a must have for anybody . They are extremely bright and strong .
 Great LED flashlight ! Fits in shirt pocket like a pen . Do n't worry about the expense of the AAAA batteries -- just take a 9V battery apart & you have 6 of them . Just remember the polarity is reversed on those batteries , so if it does n't work , reverse the batteries .
 This light puts out a ton of light for how small it is . Definitely worth the cash . Thanks amazon !
 I love these things.I got a couple of the green LED to preserve night vision and these white LED ones just to be `` normal '' ; -RRB- It 's tough
 I like everything about the light , except it 's finish is too slick . I also have a number of these lights in the black color , and they are all too slick . They need a rougher surface on the light.If this was corrected , it would be pretty near perfect .
 For my needs it works great and the quality of the light is very nice and the light stream is adjustable . I wanted something that I could keep handy in my purse for use in dimly lit restaurants .
 Stylus UV LED Flashlight - BlackThe most handy light I ever had .
 Hello.I am a EMT student.This is very well built . The light is very bright , maybe a little too bright when I 'm shining it in people eyes . It comes with a little slip-on guard to narrow the light , it is nice to have , but slipps off sometimes . The light is very thin , and the clip moves up and down , making it fit good in your shirt pocket . I will say that the AAAA batteries are allitle abnormal , But Radio Shack and Wal-Greens have them.This light is worth the 15 or so dollars . _ TRV
 If you 're looking for a bright penlight , this one will fit the bill . Battery life is excellent .
 I bought this penlight to use for a vision activity with a student of mine . It is waaaay to bright to shine into/near the pupil of the eye . It must have some other use such as seeing things in dark places -LRB- such as workers in dark areas of buildings -RRB- . But I can say that it is light weight and easily fits into a pocket . I would reccommend it for individuals that need a bright light in a dark area.Although I was unable to use it for the assessment , I would use it for other things .
 perfect for my job when I do not have a large flashlight on my person . Very bright light .
 It will be better if it use 2AAA batteries instead of 3AAAA ones .
 Actually the one I bought has one red LED . This is great for getting up at night without awakening my husband . The light is dim and properly focused so that I can find my way around the room without being intrusive . I 've had this little gem for years and it just keeps working and working . No battery change yet either . It almost seems like the LEDs keep the batteries lasting longer , though I ca n't imagine how . I highly recommend these lights.Years later . Well , the battery did eventually die . And I could not find the AAAA size in town . So I just bought a different light , the Carson Optical LED Flashlight in red . I just MUST have one of these so I can walk around in the dark without disrupting other people .
 THE LIGHTS ARE ALL TOO FAMILIAR TO MYSELF AND OTHERS THAT I AM ASSOCIATED WITH . THEY PERFORM ADMIRABLY AND HAVE A TREMENDOUS AMOUNT OF APPLICATIONS . I STRONGLY RECOMMEND THESE LIGHTS AS EFFECTIVE / PRICED JUST RIGHT / COMPACT AND EFFICIENT.MY ONLY GRIPE WAS THAT I ORDERED 6 ON JAN 22 , 2007 AND WHATEVER MEANS AMAZON USED WITH MY FREE SHIPPING ONLY DELIVERED THE ITEMS SATURDAY FEBRUARY 17TH . ! ALMOST A MONTH . EMBARRASED TO THOSE -LRB- 6 -RRB- PEOPLE WHO ORDERED THE LIGHTS ON MY RECOMMENDATION THAT AMAZON WAS TIMELY AND EFFICIENT , THEY PROVED OTHERWISE AND THIS EVENT MAY SUBSEQUENTLY EFFECT MY FUTURE PURCHASING WHEN ITEMS ARE ESSENTIAL TO BE DELIVERED IN A TIMELY MANNER .
 I have forgotten my Streamlight into the laundry machine and this has always survived . All my friends and coworker love it and they always want me to buy more for them . I really recommend this product . Batteries are included and the size is like a regular pen .
 I have had mine for over a month now and use it every chance I get . This thing has a decently bright light beam considering the size of it and the battery life it has . I use mine with the black light guard that slides right onto the front of it over the LED and it stays in place nicely . It feels pretty sturdy and I have n't had any mechanical problems with it and hope not to for quite some time . For the price , you ca n't beat it . The Energizer pen light that is like $ 16 in stores is good but it has one downfall that this does not ... the plastic pocket clip breaks easily when this one has a metal clip on pocket clip that is n't going to break unless you intend to try and break it for some reason ? Over all this thing is great for the price and ca n't be beat until you go up $ 30-40 . Keep in mind what you want this used for though . Some reviews say they needed a light for the medical field and trust me , you do n't want this shined in your eyes but as far as ears and the mouth go it 's set . I also recommend the silver over the other colors . Not because it looks better but because of this scenario . You are camping out in the woods and you are doing something away from camp at night . You realize you need your light to see well so you reach for it and it fumbles out of your hand and is on the ground . Black can be very hard to see at night and Red is a common color in nature so if you even find anything red , it might not be it . Silver on the other hand , sticks out like sore thumb .
 This is a very bright penlight . My only complaint is that I think it 's a bit long . Personally I 'd prefer it to be a little shorter . I 've carried it a few times , but it almost always is left at home .
 this is a great little light very bright lightweight and strong the only things i would say arent optimal about this pen light is its alittle long and the clip doesnt slip over pocket edge very easily but all in all great light that ill be carrying everyday and if it really lasts 60 hours without battery change than this really is an amazing little light im getting another .
 I work as a Paramedic and wanted a dependable Penlight I could use when assessing patients * and for miscellaneous things that might come up during calls . So far It has been a great and useful tool when out on a dark scene and you do n't have a flashlight available . It 's small , and fits into the Pen pocket on my shoulder sleeve so its easily accessible at all times . I would highly recommend this for anyone working out in the field or even for everyday use around the car or to put in a glove box should you ever need it . * Be careful when using this Penlight to assess a patient 's pupils . It is much brighter than the usual generic Penlights that might be provided by your department so use with caution . Personally I do n't shine it directly in their eyes , I find that bringing it up on the sides gets the job done very well because it 's a very bright light .
 Not a bulky light , i never carried a flash light before i realized how handy it is . Light anywhere any time u need it . Drop your keys under your car at 2:30 am leaving the bar no problem , doing an inspection on a breaker box of a home with no power no problem , its great ! Thats why i bought 2 , and when i break those i ll buy 3 more fantastic ! You get what you pay for
 Very bright , long 6 inches which makes it easier to hold/use and more comfortable . i wish it had a switch that kept it on without holding down the button .
 Long , thin penlight with pocket clip . It just fits in the chest pocket of my lab coat -LRB- any longer and the clip stick too far out of the pocket -RRB- . You hold the button to keep the light on . I am a vet and it is too bright to shine directly into the eyes , though there are two parts to the beam
 I bought twelve of these for ten $ a piece and gave them as Christmas gifts . I have one and love it for in car use . Perfect for the repairman who wants quick access to a flashlight without lugging around two extra ponds
 My teams fly in airplanes , helicopters and ride in the back of ambulances . This light works great for patient care and being able to see in the back of these vehicles on dark nights .
 This little thing is thin , lightweight , solid construction , and cranks out more lux than I 've ever seen from any other pen light . Incredibly handy and not heavy when you find it stuck in your mouth for 20 minutes looking for something that fell into one of those crevices under your car seat that is , for all intents and purposes , a black hole . You 'll have a hard time finding AAAA batteries at most stores -LRB- not that you 'll need them often as it runs A LONG TIME per set -RRB- , but here 's a trick . Peal open a good quality -LRB- copper top -RRB- 9 volt battery and inside you 'll find 6 AAAA batteries that will fit !!! I will be getting one of these for each car since I 've discovered this nifty trick !! For this price at amazon , it 's a must have and great gift that anybody is likely to appreciate .
 First , I 've found all LED lights that make outragous claims of average battery life of dozens to hundreds of hours is either misleading or totally wrong ... no matter what brand or where you bought them from . They either go totally dark in much less than half the rated time , or have gone too dim to even read large print with the light pressed closely to the page . To even get close to half the rated life , skip the alkalines , you must use expensive lithium or the highest capacity NiMi rechargables available on the planet.So they all lie about or misrepresent your actual battery life . I 'm sure some of them , if you put the most expensive batteries in the world in them , run the light almost to their rated battery life , if you take them into a fully darkend room , & hold the light to your face , strain your eyes , you will find the LEDs are still glowing very faintly ... but that 's not useful light.I have n't found AAAA rechargables or lithiums , but you wo n't need them.This is the only LED light I ever found that does n't give you bull on battery life . It uses a single LED & 3 AAAA alkaline batteries that can be obtained cheap from many sources . Slightly longer than an oridinary pen , I take it everywhere , & is always with me at work . As an engineer , I 've used it several times daily for over 6 months with the original batteries . I thought it might be getting a little dimmer so recently put fresh batteries in it . Although it got brighter , not significantly , so I put the old batteries back in . This light just wo n't die . Lot 's brighter than any keychain light , it 's as useful as most big lights . It fell 14 ' from a ladder onto solid concrete , into puddles , snow , & got paint & glue on it . Using harsh chemicals & scraping to get all the paint & glue off , it still looks & works like brand new . I do n't know what they used to paint that light with , but there 's not a scatch on it anywhere ... no dents yet either . Solid & durable . Your best light will be the one that works when you need it to , & is close at hand . Best $ 14 I ever spent!Update
 While not the brightest flashlight , The stylus is ultra dependable.I 've had mine three or four years , it has bounced around my motorcycle bags on camping trips , sits beside my bed in case of power outages , etc.It is very usable lighting your way walking , tasklighting , etc. . I would not use it to investigate a dark warehouse.AAAA batteries not too easy to find , but they last forever it seems .
 I use this penlight everyday at work . This light is very bright . This is a great neuro assessment tool . Use it like a pen to check your patient 's Babinski reflex . Great for checking your patient 's pupils . Use it length-wise on your patient 's nailbeds to check for response to light pain.Additionally if you work long nights like I do , this is a great tool to check on your patients without turning on the lights unnecessarily . I use this to check foley and chest tube output in the dark.Are you in the ER ? Have a psych patient sleeping that you need to check on ? Shine this high intensity low spread light on your patient 's chest all the way from the door to observe the rise and fall of their chest without waking them up.This would make a great gift to a new RN grad . Looks professional . Not bulky like some other penlights I 've seen . Clip ensures it wo n't fall out of your scrub pocket .
 Wow . This thing is bright . I actually bought this for testing ocular reflexes , but I 'm a little bit afraid to use it on my patients -LRB- the package actually warns
 As a police officer , I find this light to be very useful at nights in providing just enough light to write a ticket . It is nice white light that does not provide the glare that a regular flashlight does in this instance . I have found all of the Streamlight products that I own to be of high quality .
 Streamlight Stylus is a very good pen light . It is surprisingly bright for a single-LED flashlight . And since it uses three AAAA sized batteries , the light wo n't go dead on you easily.Stylus has a light switch at the end of the body . The light burns as long as you keep the switch depressed . If you need to have your both hands free , you can twitch the endcap , so you have a constant on light . The body of the flashlight is very well made and durable , and the light switch has a good feel to it . Along with the light , you get a removable sleeve . When the sleeve is on , the light beam is narrower and more focused . If you need a wider beam , just remove the sleeve.My main gripe about the flashlight is that it is a bit too long . It will probably fit into your shirt pocket , but it is clearly longer than a typical pen . So , it is very uncomfortable to carry the light in your pants pocket , for example . If there were a Stylus that used only two batteries instead of three , I believe that would be a better penlight overall . And if you need a keychain - size flashlight , Stylus is naturally way too big for that application .
 As the title says , this is a wonderful light , extremely light and durable , yet very bright when needed . I just wanted to give a fair warning to other medics / personnel in the medicine field . Other reviews had stated it was useful for checking pupil dilation , but after finally getting mine , it is WAY too bright to be shining in peoples eyes , and the box clearly states to not aim directly at eyes . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a small flashlight for looking for things , but definitely not a useful tool for patient care .
 I bought this with the idea of replacing my battery eating incandescent pen light I have used throughout medical school . Unfortunately , as with most LEDs the light is far too `` white '' to accurately assess say a sore throat for erythema . It is also too bright for pupillary light reflexes . Around the house for odd and end jobs though , this puppy rocks . I rarely use my maglight these days with this light around .
 Found this light at the Army clothing store . Bought it to try in my uniform armsleeve penpocket.Liked it enough I also bought a redlight one - both are going strong on their first set of batteries , a year and a half later . I use them at most a few minutes per day . About a week ago I forgot my white light outside , turned on all night . Still working great!I keep the optional cover on the end to protect the LEDs . It really does n't limit the beam width .
 As a Paramedic I use this light all the time to check pupilary response on my patients . They are also a great backup light to my Surefire when I need just a litle bit of light -LRB- 10 lumen -RRB- but do n't want to give away my position . I highly recommend them & do n't worry about the AAAA battery size they are in 9 volts .
 I purchased this stylus for my nursing practice last year . It serves well , however I think it is a little too bright for my patients , even though no-one complained it blinds my eye for a minute for sure when I tried it on me . It 's sturdy and comfortable , but maybe a little too long . I wish it were shorter . I am not sure how long the battery will last as I use it for 10-15 seconds 2-4 times a day to check pupil reactions and assess ophthalmic nerves . Five stars .
 This flashlight has a lot going for it . Small , light weight , tough , and waterproof . The LED will last essentially forever , so you do n't have to worry about spare bulbs . It 's bright enough to find our way in the dark , casting useful , if not extremely bright light out to about 20 ' . It 's really meant to be a utility/work light for getting into small spaces so you can see what you 're doing though , and for that it 's excellent . It 's a good balance of brightness and battery life . Even under heavy use the batteries should last a week or two , versus maybe one day with many larger flashlights . My only complaint is that there 's no outward indication of the LED color , so if you have more than one there 's no way to tell which is which without turning them on.If you want a small , long lasting light , you can buy this without hesitation . If you want a brighter -LRB- and shorter battery life -RRB- light , check out it 's big brother : Streamlight 66118 Stylus Pro Black LED Pen Flashlight with Holster .
 As a medical professional , I have used many penlights of different types and found that they were either awkward to use or the light would burn out and replacement bulbs are not common . battery life of regular penlights was always an issue , if the light was accidentally turned on in my pocket it would be be dead when I needed it.This light is both easy to use and with its long bulb life and long battery life , there is never an issue with either . I had the previous one for 11/2 years and never replaced the batteries . I lost it and had to purchase a new one . I recommend this light to anyone who hates to change bulbs or batteries .
 Awhile ago , I asked my long-suffering wife to once again hand me my sunglasses from her purse . She looked at me and asked
 This light is very bright , and can be used a a typical flashlight , but it can also reach into very tight spots . It is great for mechanics . This light is also extremely durable , I have dropped it multiple times , and even dropped it into water . It still keeps on working great . Also the batteries last for a long time . However , when you do replace the batteries -LRB- AAAA -RRB- they are hard to find in stores .
 What a great item ! I love that it is small and light and easy to carry around . I also like that you can turn it on with a push of a button to light up quickly or keep it on long term . Great beam of light !
 Simply the most powerful lightweight penlight available . The only reason it does n't get 5 stars is the unavailability of `` AAAA '' batteries in most stores .
 Purchased my penlight for my EMT class because my instructor -LRB- who happens to be a paramedic -RRB- recommended this exact pen . Other students have told me its the best for its use -LRB- we use it to check pupils on patients -RRB- . What I love is that aside from school , I can use it as a flashlight . I never have to search forever to find a flashlight without batteries and ge a headache because it 's always on me looks just like a regular ink pen . I can shine it into a pitch black bedroom and it illuminates the whole room . Aside from being LED and a 60 hour battery , mine came with a lifetime guarantee so for 13 bucks , it works great !!
 a very good , bright , reliable penlight . the only drawbacks are the AAAA batteries , and the fact that it is too long to fit in any normal shirt/whitecoat pocket . in otherwords , expect to have it fall out of your pocket often .
 I like the Streamlight Stylus Pro better . I have both models . The cons I would say are finding the AAAA batteries , and the length , 6.21 '' long . A little too long for me . The Stylus Pro takes 2 AAA batteries , is shorter and a little thicker , just the right size . But the 65018 works well . Both models are very well made and are worth the money . You just have to decide if you want a 6.21 '' light , compared to the Stylus Pro at 5.3 '' length . And the 65018 battery run time is greater
 We love these lights and always order from this company who ships them right out . They have always had sufficient stock for the orders we place . Great company to deal with .
 This penlight is very bright and its streamlined size makes it easy to carry in a pocket or purse . It 's slightly heavier than expected , probably because it is so sturdy . Provides a lot of light from a small package .
 Bought the penlight to use in the hospital . When it came , I decided to test it on myself and it definitely works well . I have n't been using every day so I ca n't comment too much on the battery life yet , but it 's still going strong after months . The button is sensitive enough so you do n't have to struggle , but not too sensitive that it 's constantly going on/off in your pocket . If you do n't want to hold down on the button , you can twist the front part to keep it on for an extended period of time . It has a good weight in your hand and is very sturdy.Overall , happy with the purchase !
 IT FITS IN MY POCKET NEXT TO MY PENS . IT IS VERY HANDY WHEN I NEED A LITTLE MORE LIGHT . SINCE I AM GETTING OLD THATS A LOT OF TIMES .
 This penlight is durable and not bulky . Great for close up work where the lighting is poor -LSB- even in dark restaurants -RSB- . With free shipping , this is a great deal.The only negative is that AAAA batteries are usually expensive and hard to get .
 This is a well built super bright penlight . I would buy another one if needed .
 This is one of the best penlight I have purchased . It is very solidly built and the light is more than adequate for my need . As others have already noted the battery being AAAA size is hard to find and expensive . Unless you use this penlight daily in your line of work , the battery will hold its charge for a long time . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED .
 I needed this for nursing school and it 's PERFECT ! It does n't get accidentally turned on in my pocket like most other pen lights . It also is n't cumbersome like the ones I 've had in the past . It takes AAAA batteries which are hard to find -LRB- I ordered extras from Amazon -RRB- . It has worked great in the clinical setting and the LED light is really bright !
 This is an excellent light for many people . It is small enough to fit in a shirt pocket or a purse.It is bright with such a small size . It is a very handy light .
 I intended on buying this for use in the medical field -LRB- eye examination , etc -RRB- but this light is just too bright ! The sleeve that focuses the beam is a nice add-on and produces a nice tight intense spot-light . Without the sleeve the light easily illuminates a dark room . Love this light but will need to get a cheap LED for my patients : -RRB-
 No shaking , no suddenly dead batteries , no accidental turn-ons ... this flashlight is for serious needs . I 've used my first one for 6 years now ON THE ORIGINAL BATTERIES and it 's still only slightly dimmer than my new light . Very rugged too .
 Most useful flashlight for an electronics engineer . It fits nice in the shirt pocket , and it continues to do it 's job I bought quite a while back , and I have not changed the batteries yet . Good job .
 I 'm a computer tech - lots of time spent crawling around under desks , in closets , trying to find tiny serial numbers stuck on faded stickers in odd places in the dark . I had previously owned the much more expensive Fenix pen light . This one compares very favorably . While not as bright , it 's certainly bright enough for most purposes , including the occasional sojourn through the empty warehouse ; it 's also less than half the price of the Fenix , so when -LRB- not if -RRB- I lose it , I wo n't be out quite as much as with the Fenix . The momentary switch plus the constant on is also a simple but very useful feature . Feels solid , and has n't let me down yet .
 The light is small , but gives a bright light for the package . Very sturdy aluminum body , and I 'm rough on equipment and have n't broken it yet . I 've seen people complain about being able to keep it on , but if you read the back of the package it tells you how to operate the light . I 've had this light for over a year and had no problems with the light switch , and still have n't had to replace the batteries . I use the light numerous times a night for DWI investigations so I 'd say its a great made product .
 I agree with the sentiment of the best $ 14 I have ever spent , certainly on a flashlight . I got mine in 2003 , and use it daily in my office and at the hospital for examining patients . It fits perfectly in my white coat and dress shirt pockets , as it is small and the clip is firm . I carry it just about everywhere else in my pants pocket and have only every had it fall out accidentally 3-4 times . I have used it for examinations , changing tires , putting on tire chains , hiking up my road 0.5 miles in a foot of snow to get my car at 11pm in zero degree weather , finding lost crayons at the restaurant for my 2 year old , looking for mice in my attic , navigating to the toilet at the okracoke campground and just about everything else . the downsides are the AAAA batteries that are a bit hard to find , but radioshack does carry them , and that the contacts from the top and the main tube get corroded and cause the light to flicker and not want to work after several years , necessitating a good scraping and application of some car battery anticorrosion agent . also , a patient of mine who is a mechanic switched to the pro as it will take alot more abuse and not bend or break like the regular stylus . get one and keep it on you . very useful .
 These aare great tying tarps on boats for winter storage , Use singly or in combinations to configure the tarp tightly over and around a boat . I can imagine other uses suchas stringing Christmas lights most amy place desired . We 'll see how they hold up in sunlight and wet conditions . But , at the price one can consider them almost disposable . We keep many on hand for future use . Kind of likr the Lego of bungy cords .
 Big box hardware stores only have small packages and do not keep reliably instock . I checked on AMAZON and found an even better product for a great price . Very useful . Do n't hesitate to buy these . You will find many uses for them .
 I purchased these bungee cords in conjunction with a white dry top tarp . My husband looked at them like I was crazy -LRB- he always uses pieces of rope and misc . things to secure the tarp when covering our boat for the winter -RRB- . Anyway , I convinced him to just try them and he was pleasantly surprised . They 're very versatile and made the job easy to perform . Now we 'll wait and see how long they last .
 Cheap , and comes in useful for all sorts of uses , eg . various photography uses -LRB- eg lashing a speedlite to a pole -RRB- . hooking a water bottle 's loop to your beltI keep 2-3 of these in my camera bag and car ... these seem to come in handy all the time .
 Good quality , but elasticity seems to vary between bungees . some stretch out much further than others . they worked well for my canvas carport .
 Purchased these for using on our boat almost 5 years ago through Amazon . Was so thrilled to find them again ; Amazon product screen told me the last time I purchased it - so glad because I was unsure these were the same . We have been so happy with how they have held up in the Florida sun . Other plastic bungees we 've purchased did not even make it a year . We are hard on them and these managed to hold up . P.S. we only use plastic bungees because metal ones rust when used near salt water .
 There is not too much one can say about bungie cords but this product is very good for the price and the service from the vendor was great . Everything was delviered when promised .
 They work . I wish I had gotten 10 '' ones for my application but they work either way , just a bit tighter .
 Bought these for replacements for our canopy . They seem to be of higher quality than the one that came with it originally . Needed 32 the bag has 25 .
 Thank you very much for the order . The bungee cords helped me to finish the installation of the canopy to the existing poles.Fredd
 I use these for so many things they are just great ! Not good for puppy pens though ! I used them in one of my puppy pens , the pups chewed off the ball and the ball is the perfect size to choke a pup . It did not happen because I saw the little chewed off ball and took it out of the pen but the same could go for human babies . With that aside these are really nice to have around .
 Good product . Materials are first class and serves the purpose . Could not ask more from a simple but well crafted product . Bungee is flexible and returns to original lenght without any slags , over and over.Would recommend these cords to anyone .
 Do n't know how they work as a bungee cord , but our cat just loves to play with them . We have to pick them up at night or she will wake us up playing with them . Best cat toy ever .
 I go thru these things endlessly . Salt takes a terrible toll on them . At this price/quantity there is no reason not to purchase these .
 I bought these to hold our new netting onto our pitchback frame . They did the job and made it so easy . I think it would be good to have a bag of these on hand for miscellaneous jobs .
 They did the job ! I used them to hold down tarps and that is just what they did very well !
 Used this to tie down our RV cover last year , took them off , cleaned them and are using them again . Item shipped on time , great price .
 These handy little bungees are nice when you need them . The work like a toggle and work well for wrapping around small bundles , such as tent poles or tripods .
 I finally used these on my carport . I have purchased bungees from many places in the past . This is my first try on line . This bungee is strong and stretches quite well . I will know more after they experience the weather . But at present they work very well .
 I am glad that I had found these for the futbal goal for my boys . Shipping is lightening fast and it takes 5 minutes to install on the goals . Love them !
 A year ago I bought a pack of 8 replacement bungee cords for our Jump King 15 ' trampoline for about $ 12 which were pathetic compared to these . I highly recommend these for trampolines that have the set of 4 U shaped poles to retain the safety net . Nice strength and cheaper too !
 We use this type of bungee cord in a few places outside . One is to hold up the straps on our trampoline safety net . The other is to hold the cover on our outdoor dog run . I 'm sure there are tons of uses since they are great for wrapping around metal poles or wooden stakes.It is hard to find this length of cord -LRB- shorter than 12 '' -RRB- in the local hardware stores so I was happy to find them on Amazon.They are a good price and seem to be a good strength for the projects we use them for.Time will tell if they hold up . I would expect a 2-3 year lifespan outside in the elements .
 I purchased these as a tool to `` clean up '' the nets on my sons soccer teams goals . They were the perfect solution.I have also used them around the house for various things and they are handy for just about anything.Amazon is great for finding these types of things .
 Purchased 3 sets of 25 to tie down tarp shelter cover.These had heavier cords and larger balls than original shelter bungee balls.A very good buy .
 This is a nice product . I put tarps over our dog kennel for the winter to make it into a storage shed . I needed to use these bungee balls so that the tarp would n't get cut on anything sharp . These cords are easy to work with , and when double-wrapped become very strong , adjustable , and reusable . The only negative is that they are n't terribly long , so they wo n't work good to `` reach '' things like a normal bungee cord .
 Good value , very useful for keeping my shade structure firmly secured to ground stakes . The winds at Burning Man are very unpredictable and it 's important to keep your campsite securely latched down to the ground with rebar stakes -LRB- or at least really high quality tent stakes -RRB- , especially anything that can catch the wind like a shade cloth.Not a big deal , but they had a really weird smell when I took them out of the bag . I aired them out and it was n't as noticeable later.I had enough to share with other people in my camp if they needed some .
 I use these to fasten tarps on the top of my dog kennels . They work very well and are durable . I have had these for three years and they are still in good condition .
 These are handy to have around , I have not used them for a project yet but they are in my toolbox .
 My toilet was making a weird hissing noise and I dreaded the amount of money I was going to have to spend to get a plumber to check it out . I went to the place where we all go to forget about life 's problems ... the Internet . I looked up some YouTube videos and I found a few videos that not only diagnosed multiple problems , but demonstrated multiple solutions as well . The video named this product by name , so when I found it on Amazon , I jumped at the chance -LRB- and price !! -RRB- . It turned out that the fill valve was giving me the problems , so I went ahead and replaced it from this kit . It literally took me longer to remove the items near my toilet than it did to replace the fill valve ... it was that fast and easy . While I was at it I also replaced the rubber stopper and chain , since my old ones looked worn out -LRB- stay away from those bleach tablets !! They wear out the components a lot faster . -RRB- . For the price and the ease of it all , this product is worth every penny !
 TheFluidmaster 400AK Complete Toilet Tank Repair Kitcontained everything I needed to fix a late 1980s Gerber toilet . The toilet was running constantly and required a lot of handle jiggling.This was the first toilet I 've ever repaired ; it took me about two hours to complete . This included taking the old parts out , removing the tank , cleaning everything , replacing the fill valve and flapper assembly , replacing the tank , installing the handle , and adjusting the flush settings . The only special tool required was a saw to cut the overflow pipe shorter . All of the repair kit parts fit and operate correctly.The product shipped with instructions for a different product model number . I was able to find a copy of the correct instructions on the manufacturer 's website . Most of the instructions were clearly written , but I could have used more details regarding the handle and customizing the flush . The old handle was broken so we did n't have much to compare it to .
 It 's not the most fun do-it-yourself project around the house . Yes , we let the darned toilet run for nearly 6 months before I finally got fed up enough to go buy a rebuild kit and fix it . Sure glad I did , and sure glad I purchased this complete kit.Installation was easy following the step-by-step instructions with diagrams . Only basic tools are needed , and it does not require prior plumbing knowledge -LRB- although being handy with tools is always a plus -RRB- . Although others mentioned the lack of good instructions , I found everything very easy to follow and the explanations correct and well-written . I write technical articles for installation of performance parts for motorcycle engines , so I 've probably got a little better handle at reading and following instructions than the average bear , but then again I 'm picky and I get ornery when I see poorly written instructions !
 We have three toilets in our home . We have very hard water . After five years the original float arm is rusty and the plastic flap valve ` chain ' broke . I bought one of these 400AK kits to see how it would do . It has the updated vertical float -LRB- with no metal arm to rust -RRB- It 's just right . Simple , easy to adjust . No problem . Now I 'm ordering two more to finish the job .
 Everything but the actual toilet came in this box . This was easy to use and the parts were nicer than the original .
 This repair kit is easy to install and you can get parts that wear out like the flapper easily and cheaply . Without the old `` ball '' there is room to work on the tank . The shut off is very secure - I 've had no leak throughs in 12 years . I have replaced the flapper once - took 30 seconds .
 allways have one of these on hand -- you can just fix whatever is leaking instead of letting it keep you awake at night ps if the instructions are not enough for you , you should wait for the app like the one to tell you where to turn for your car . just 2 things to think about
 The toilet at work got stuck and overflowed twice . Being the store manager and the chief cook and bottle washer , that falls in my duties . I could have sent one of my drivers to the local hardware store but from past experiences that would have been expensive and probably resulted in at least one return trip to exchange the part for the correct one . I took the easy way out and searched Amazon for toilet repair parts . The Fluidmaster 400AK looked like it would fit the bill and the many positive reviews made me confident that it would solve the problem . Two days later it walked in the door with my favorite UPS driver , In less than 30 minutes our toilet was rebuilt without any issues and one more problem was solved , I am by no means a plumber , but the instructions were clear and the installation was simple . I would definitely recommend .
 I am a woman with no significant training in home repair . Having had the innards of a toilet tank replaced once in an apartment I lived in , and since it only took the guy a couple of minutes to do , I was a little freaked by the instructions that involved disconnecting the tank from the bowl . I also read several reviews that said this it wont work on a Gerber toilet , which I never realized I had - its printed on the inside of the tank.I only have the one toilet and since the tank went from fine to refilling once a day of its own volition to holding NO WATER AT ALL in a space of three days repair was a matter of some urgency.I am pleased to report that I was able to pop the Flapper off this unit and attach it to the old unit in a matter of less than five minutes . I am even more pleased to report that this fixed the problem even though it doesnt look like it fits . Its been two days and the toilet has n't spontaneously run even once . I also replaced one of the washers on the outside of the toilet because it dripped if there was pressure on the tank . Worked too . No disconnecting of water supply , no removing heavy ceramic tank , no wrench or hacksaw required .
 Comes with well written easy to understand instruction sheet . Product was easy to install and only one part requires any cutting to fit your particular installation ; that is the overflow pipe and it 's easily accomplished . Works like a charm and runs quieter than the old conventional contraption I had .
 I 've bought 3 of these . All my toilets are old nd leaking . This fixes everything , and I expect the fix to last about five years . I 've always been happy with fluidmaster products . They make all of us plumbers as long as we can conjure up the nerve to give it a try .
 I just installed one of these in one of my 1980 's era toilets . I had a kit laying around in my shop that I had never used.Being a guy , I refrain from reading instructions , but I decided to this time . Glad I did.I decided to get two more kits for the other toilets , but Home Depot only carried the Fluidmaster Eco type kits ... So I ordered two from Amazon.com . The kits give you everything you will need and work great .
 I purchased 2 of these in January 2011 , for about $ 17 each . We were having issues with one of our toilets , the flapper did n't seal properly so it was slowly leaking water into the tank , which meant it would refill every few minutes or so . We decided to go ahead and replace the parts on both toilets . I had no problem whatsoever installing these . A lot of the bad reviewers say its impossible to do it by yourself and others say the instructions are bad . The instructions show pictures on one side , labeled with numbers , then on the right hand side , those numbers have the written our directions . I do n't see how anyone is confused unless they are just looking at just the picture and not bothering to read the actual instructions . They are very straight forward.The overflow pipe did need to be cut , but that will depend on how tall your toilet tank is . It cut very easily with a small hand saw . The flapper is much heavier than the one we had installed previously , and it opens and shuts very well . Has a great seal to it . Everything works perfectly now and it flushes much faster and with more force . As far as the adjustment on the flapper , I 'm not too sure on that just yet . I do n't see how turning it adjusts how much water it uses . I have both of mine set to # 1 which is the lowest amount and it seems to use the same amount as # 4 which is the recommended setting . If you are looking for an adjustable set to save water , then this is the unit for you ! The float is also adjustable so you can set exactly where you want your water level to be at . One more note , the picture on this item is the old picture , so you will not get that particular box , but it is the same item . This one simply shows the old stock photo .
 I am a Professional Plumber and use this product frequently . By far Fluidmaster is the best name in the business . It 's great to have an entire rebuild kit in one box right at my fingertips . No need to search for all the different parts . I highly reccomend this product and hope that a novice will have the good sense to read the detailed instructions !
 Just completed my latest toilet tank repair . I 've used Fluidmaster before without any problems . This one took less than an hour.This was actually part 2 . We bought just the valve portion kit first , thinking the included flapper would fit the remaining existing drain pipe . It did n't . So then we had to replace all the existing tank guts . Now everything works as expected . No more valve or flapper problems.One reviewer complained about the instructions . I found them to be very precise . Appeared to actually have been written by someone who could speak English.The price for this kit here on Amazon is cheaper than Home Depot .
 I am , shall we say , one of the world 's less practical people , and I was a little nervous at playing plumber for the first time , but I had few problems installing this kit . Took me a couple of hours to replace everything , but the big hold-ups were to do with loosening over-tightened fixtures from the old flushing mechanism . The instructions are VERY detailed and clear . If you 're sure you know which specific item in the mechanism is causing the problem , you can probably buy each of the individual pieces in this kit separately and save some cash , but i just decided to give the thing a total overhaul . Recommended .
 I bought the Septic Tank Care with BioBalance b/c we have a septic system and do not use bleach . The illustrations are simpler than our Kohler tank mechanism , but we figured out how to adjust it , and it seems to work quite well on every single flush . I think the instructions are too simplistic and should show at least one other type of system so people make sure they install it correctly . As to how long it lasts , well the box says ` up to 3 months ' which could mean a week to 3 months -- who knows . I do think it 's over priced at $ 14 and refills at $ 8 . So I 'm only giving it 4 stars .
 Ordered 2 kits which arrived in perfect condition and installed exactly as specified in the instruction sheet . Surely makes the flush system more reliable .
 I just overhauled 3 toilets with these kits.Good quality and I felt the instructions were excellent . Just follow the steps carefully ; I repeat , carefully ; step by step.Regarding quality , the bolts are brass and non sealing washers and nuts are stainless steel . This is important in years to come when you will be spared the agony of dealing with corroded and rusted parts . Some people have to use a hacksaw to cut steel bolts from the toilet tank because they corroded so badly the nuts could not be unscrewed.When buying the kits at my local hardware store -LRB- Lowe 's -RRB- , I noticed they were also selling cheaper toilet tank bolt/gasket kits that contained `` Brass Plated '' bolts -LRB- not made by Fluidmaster . -RRB- I avoided these because brass plated steel is almost guaranteed to corrode and be a problem when making future repairs.My observation Fluidmaster is a well designed product consisting of quality materials.I have previously used Fluidmaster Toilet Fill Valves and have been completely satisfied with performance and longevity .
 I also had a leaky fix.Turns out the gasket in this kit will not work on a Gerber toilet ... therefore , i had to buy the gasket seperately . After all this , it does seem to work well . cheaper than buying a new toilet .
 I have 4 toilets in my house that had the mansfield guts . I have finally replaced them all . This kit is simple to install and will last easily 10 or more years . The 3 bolts that hold the tank to the bowl will leak from corrosion before any of the other parts go . The instructions are fine . It is still a 45 minute job . But beats calling a plumber . I also put them in my rentals and never have had any problems .
 The guys at lowes told just by a new tolit when mine were not working right . That was their solution . Spend 150 bucks on a new one . No wonder our land fills are full . I went to home depot and found this kit for 19 bucks . I replaced two tolits . Instuctions are a litte crappy , but the first one took 30 mins , the second one took less the 20 mins . They work great . A little commen sense will go a long way . This was my first `` pluming '' job . Now wont be my last . Just remember Im a man , and I can change , if I have too , I guess ...
 I have been buying these from HD for years and installing them whenever my toilets start leaking , or when I move into a new house that has the old fashioned float mechanism . Every single one I have installed has worked perfectly and has solved the problem.There 's really not that much to it , so instructions should n't even be an issue . Where there used to be bolts , use the new bolts . Where there used to be fill valve , install the new one . Where there used to be a flapper , use the new flapper.The only realy work to do is to make sure that you cut the piece of PVC tubing that rises up from the flush valve assembly so that it ends up being 1 '' lower than the Fill Point marking on the fill valve . -LRB- this is code -RRB- Other than that , its pretty easy and will save you lots of lost water even if your toilet just drips a little . Those drips add up over time .
 I have installed maybe 4 or 5 Fluidmasters in various houses that I have owned since the late 1970 's . This is the first time that I had a problem . The lower gasket on the flush valve does not fit a 2001 vintage Gerber 1.6 gallon per flush toilet . I found this out after following the directions faithfully -LRB- they are very poorly written -RRB- only to have about a gallon of water suddenly discharge on the bathroom floor on the first flush ! Now I realize that had I read all of the Amazon reviews , I would have known prior to proceeding . I just reinstalled the original upper and lower gaskets and solved the problem.The Fluidmaster is a worthwhile investment , BUT do n't blindly believe the `` universal '' claims . Be sure that the replacement lower flush valve gasket looks and fits exactly as your original !
 Kohler drain was ordered to go with Kohler Bancroft soaking tub . Arrived when expected and without damage . My son just finished installing the tub and drain . I would recommend this drain and Amazon for the purchase . Thanks !
 The lamps looks great . The side arms are a bit wonky , but once you get them figured out , it is OK . Would love to have a larger version with stable arms .
 A nice product . A couple of ways it could be better :1 -RRB- Smaller . It 's a bit large2 -RRB- Push on/off . You have to turn the rotary knob all the way to click it off , which of course changes the dim setting . A push on/off would making it easier to turn it on and off and let you keep the dim level . If you can plug the cord into a switched outlet , this is n't an issue.But do n't let this stop you from getting it . It 's very handy . The internal clamp-type wire hold-downs - instead of a screw that the wire wraps around - are excellent .
 I used this switch for a electrical floor pad -LRB- 90 watts -RRB- to provide heat under my feet while I 'm at the computer . It was a little difficult to install since the cord was larger than the normal lamp cord , but the pad no longer burns my stocking feet . I used to have to keep turning it on and off . No more !
 Easy to install , well-made with solid screw post connections , not the less-safe type that pierces the lamp cord insulation . This dimmer functions very well with a click-to-off position so you are sure it is turned off . It is a bit larger and bulkier than I had expected , but a welcome replacement for the small cheap in-line switch that came with the lamp . Worth the price !
 It arrived very quickly , and , once installed on the light cord , it works very well . My husband had no trouble installing it .
 This lamp cord dimmer switch is a little larger than what it appears . It 's actually bulky , but it 's easy to install and it gets the job done . No problems with it .
 Item is larger than I expected , 3 or 31/2 '' by maybe an inch or 11/2 '' . Was more electronic than I thought it would be , a transistor and some resistors and caps plus a huge potentiometer . It 's not designed the best , hard to cram the wires all to one side plus the screw post 's are in the center and close to where the wires exit so it tends to try to smash the wires when you close the two halves , pain in the ... But worth it when you finally get it together .
 This is the best way to add a switch or dimmer to your existing lamp .
 This control is the perfect thing to control how bright a lamp bulb will burn . Easy to connect , clear instructions and works great . You can set the brightness with the dial control , so mood lighting is allowed using this switch , instead of just an on/off type .
 The Leviton Dimmer Switch # 836-6250-3 accomplished exactly what I desired -- the ability to adjust the brightness of our decorative hanging lamp . The only minor drawback was the small difficulty I had installing the wires in it which may have been due to their heavy duty thickness . The product 's functionality , however , is exactly what I desired .
 Using it for an antique lamp on a desk . This device was easy to install and is easy to use .
 Yes these are definitely quiet Decora rocker switches , they do also appear to be brand new , and work as advertised .
 The Leviton Decora 's make a quick and simple transformation for updating switches and receptacles and cover plates . A great home improvement for a modest price . Quite easy to do -LRB- BUT MAKE CERTAIN YOU TURN OFF THE POWER AT THE CIRCUIT BREAKER -RRB- The pack of 10 switches is a great deal ... each switch is less than $ 2 each . Delivery was quicker than I expected . And of course , Leviton is one of the top switch manufacturers in the USA .
 I Installed this dimmer after 2 previous switches were destroyed . The family always uses this route through the kitchen and the first light switch was the kind with the knob , which promptly fell off and dimmer # 2 was the expensive ... rocker switch with multiple light settings which got pushed to death in 3 months and this little jem has lasted 2 years , it is heat activated , so no moving parts . Simple to use touch on / off hold to dim . If my 3 kids ca n't break it neither can yours .
 Got this switch for the kitchen ceiling light because the refrigerator completely blocked the wall light switch . The switch works great . We attached the battery switch to the wall on the other side of the kitchen . As mentioned in other reviews a CFL light in the ceiling fixture flickered when the switch was turned off . We bought a GE `` dimmable '' CFL bulb and that solved the flickering problem.Would recommend this switch , it is great for relocating a switch without re-wiring or adding a second light switch in a more convenient location .
 This is an excellent solution when you want a 2nd switch in a more convenient location . Our under-counter lights in the kitchen have a switch clear across the room . Having instead a 2nd switch at the counter by the sink would have been much better , but the wiring would have been a big project . This did the trick ! It looks great too because it matches the other switches there .
 The remote plate sticks out a bit more than I would like , but being able to turn off the overhead light from my bed is worth it .
 PRODUCT WAS EASY TO INSTALL . PRODUCT WORKS GREAT . I HIGHLY ENDORSE PRODUCT FOR ANY USE WHERE TWO LIGHTING CONTROLS ARE NEEDED ... EXCEPT FLOURESCENT .
 The only light switch in the walk-thru laundry room in our new house was where you entered in from the garage . You had to walk across the room , in the dark , to turn the light on and off , if you were entering from the kitchen hallway . We tried a motion-sensor switch that drove us crazy ! Everytime you walked past the laundry room doorway , the light would turn on and stay on for five minutes before turning itself off , day and night ! Grrrrrr !!! Then we discovered the LEVITON 6696-W ANYWHERE SWITCH ! Yaaaaay !!! It was the perfect solution ! Easy to install , looks great , works great ! Problem SOLVED ! Every time I use it , I smile ! Great product , great price ! -LRB- I checked around ! -RRB- =O -RRB-
 Recently purchased this item . Installation was straight forward and the unit works as advertised . Ca n't comment on long term durability but so far so good
 The easiest and least expensive way I found to add an extra room switch . Works great all the time . Much cheaper than what you find in the home improvement stores .
 the switch worked exactly as advertised for me . it took 15 minutes to install , including batteries . just wish it could have fit into an empty space where an old switch had been .
 It works perfect . It is possible to install without any practice . But be sure that you read the manual before .
 this light switch kit is great . easy to install and has worked perfect since installation . great product for the price . easy transaction and arrived quickly .
 Installed in about 15 minutes . Works as advertised . I can only assume that previous negative reviews were from people who did not read the directions .
 Do n't care for the decora style switch . Since everything else in the house is rocker , I still fumble to turn this one on , even after several months . However , it is better than rewiring . Interferes with DSL internet connection when light is on !
 Great Product for the places you do not have wiring for a second switch . We had this placed in a dining room where there was no way to put in another switch . This elimated the problem with having to go thru a dark room to either turn on or off the switch . A few years ago we had a contractor put this in and loved it . We blew a light bulb in the fixture a few weeks ago and the switch no longer worked we ordered a new one . It would not work so returned it . There is one thing I would like to warn people . There is a small switch below the wired switch that needs to be switched to work . What happened when the bulb blew this tiny switch is like a breaker and it also popped we did not know it was there . So LOOK for the little switch below the wired switch to fix any problems.By the way AMAZON return is terrific . I printed off the return label placed in a box and soon recieved an e mail that it was recieved and my account was credited . I can not beleive it was so easy . Thanks Amazon
 The switches work as advertised . The ease of installation and use make putting the remote switch where needed a life saver ! Had no issues with the remote switch receiving the signal . This is my second set and we love them !
 I installed this kit in an entry room where the light switch was clear across from the front door . It works perfectly with zero interference . A slimmer remote switch would have been nicer , but that would have meant some kind of watch batteries vs. the 4 AAA batteries it uses -LRB- which are easily replaceable -RRB- . I wanted to buy a kit from a reputable company vs. `` as seen on tv '' junk . What more is there to say , buy it , it works .
 Worked with remote around corner of staircase about 20 feet apart . 100 watt incandescent light .
 Easy to install and works great - I have about 15 ' distance and between one wall . No problems at all . Only complaint would be the switches are about 3/4 inch deep vs. flush with wall .
 If you use luminescente lights , do not buy this product . It Works only with incandescente light bulbs!The remote swicth has a godd finish
 Works as advertised . At brightest setting the lights flicker . Resolved by setting to just below the ` brightest ' level on the base control.Would like to see ` remote ' switch that could mount in a box -LRB- under a std switch plate -RRB- , instead of surface mount .
 Easy to install ; works as advertised and expected.Two criticisms :1 -RRB- the remote switch is a single unit and can not be placed into a regular gang box . It can not be modified / customized . I wanted to place it next to an existing single pole switch by placing both the existing and the remote into a double gang box , but you ca n't do this .2 -RRB- the remote switch protrudes from the wall more than a normal switch - because it is a single unit and is surface mounted . I would like it better if they allowed for it to be placed in a gang box for flush mounting .
 I like it . It works very well . My only beef is that the label marked &#34; ON OFF &#34; -LRB- which is n't applied straight -RRB- to identify the sides of the switch leave a gooey residue when removed that even Goo Gone ca n't remove completely . The switch actually works very nicely and the wiring was easy .
 This switch works well if used with incandescent lighting . The ability to dim the light is also a nice feature . It would be nice if the switch worked with fluorescent lights , but I have yet to find a wireless 3-way that does .
 I needed to have a light switch that was n't behind a door . Rather then spend big bucks on an electrician I heard about this from a friend . Fairly easy to install and they work like a charm . Received them in just a couple of days which made it great .
 I bought this so that I could control the outdoor light on our unattached storage room from inside the house . I simply had to replace the existing light switch in the storage room with the remote controlled one -LRB- receiver -RRB- , and I mounted the battery operated transmitter switch in the house near the back door.At first I had a little trouble with getting the transmitter to turn on the light . On the receiver there 's a little wire that acts as an antenna . This needs to be placed so that it dangles down the inside of the wall , and mine had become bunched up . The switch worked great after adjusting the antenna.The range is about 50 feet , and it dimishes somewhat for each wall or metal door that the signal may have to pass through . Before purchasing this product , I would recommend making a rough measurement between the switch you want to control and the place where you want to mount the remote . If it 's around or under 50 feet , this switch should work great for you !
 useful device , it can save you hundred of dollars in rewiring expenses . the only caveat is that sometimes car alarm systems can interfere , and you might be locking your car and end up switching your lights on ... no big deal , really .
 This product comes in two pieces
 This wireless remote wall switch has the closect resemblence to a real wall switch that I could find . It looks great and works well . Easy to install
 Had to send first one back , did n't work . Replacement now installed and working . Easy to install , uses two AA batteries . Has dimming ability . Original one that was being replaced after 10 + years had 4 batteries and unable to dim . Overall very satisfied .
 This product allowed the instalation of the 3-way switch in the loft of a log house without the installation of conduit and wires that would have deteracted from the decora of the log house . The customers were very happy .
 I have a couple of these in my house now . They are much easier to install than hard wire . The batteries last several years . The older style of this switch does not work with the newer style . A very good product .
 This item works awesome , took a while or it o be bck in stock . It was well worth the wait
 I bought one a year ago and it quit working after 6 months . I bought another and it has been working fine . I have and normal rocker switch that has worked for three + years .
 Not much to be be said here ... Cheap , effective , looks like the picture . Installation was a surprise ... there are quick connect holes if you have the right type of wire . Makes it a snap to install . But then again , it would only take an extra 30 seconds to screw connect the wires , so not a bid deal either way . I 'd buy more , if I needed them .
 Everything about this switch is as it should be . The toggle action is nice and crisp . It looks good . It was easy to install . It works !
 Purchased to replace a broken switch in the garage . At my local hardware store the price of one is literally about the same price as an entire box.The switches are VERY quiet - so no loud noises when turning on or off.I have several switches around my home that are pretty loud and tough when flipping the switch so I plan on replacing those ones with these as well
 Amazingly powerful bright light , with just 2 D cells.The flashlight is well built solid and looks like will withstand wear & tear.I love it .
 It gives a very high tech look to your home ! At just the push a a button , you can dim on o off the lights of your selected light . It has five of those push buttons that make a click sound when indented . Vary cool and very high tech , sure beats the rotating dimmers that easlity fall off . I 'd get these for my house but the one downside is that they 're a little expensive .
 My switch went bad , so i went to Home Depot to by one , and 4-way switches there cost about $ 25-29 . This one was a goods substitution for the bad one , and half the price .
 Most places I shopped at had this switch in the $ 20-30 range . I just needed a regular 4-way switch to replace the old one I had and this was simply the best price available .
 The switch was shipped very quickly and arrived in great shape . I learned that there are at least two ways a 4-way can be built internally . It would be nice to have an internal connection diagram as part of the specs . Other than that , this is great product at a great price !
 Fantastic price , and it works just fine , replacing a broken switch that had been broken since we moved into the house a few years ago . -LRB- I keep turning the switch on and off just because YAY IT WORKS NOW XD -RRB- But it 's not quiet . It 's not _ loud _ - it 's just clicky - but I 've bought quiet switches before and this one is louder than I 'm used to hearing from switches advertised as specifically quiet . Maybe this is normal for decora-style and decora-style is louder than traditional-style ? It 's about as clicky as the other -LRB- not-specifically-quiet-style -RRB- decora switches in my house.Still , would totally buy again . Excuse me , I have to go turn some hallway lights on and off because I finally can . XD
 I 've replaced several hundred switches and receptacles over the years . Leviton products never disappoint . The decora rocker switches have a nice , solid feel when operating .
 It 's so hard to find a black paddle 4-way switch . Very rare . This does the trick and looks great in the kitchen .
 It 's a switch , it 's ivory , it 's decora , it 's four-way , and it 's $ 20 cheaper than the local orange big box . I 'll allow it .
 Got this to replace a switch that has had a short for a couple years now . Thought my house might burn down someday . Exact same switch as the old one . Simple change .
 Bought some of these dimmers to match the Leviton 6613-PLW Magnetic Low Voltage dimmers that I previously purchased . IMPORTANT
 I purchased this vacuum because I have a 2-story home and needed a light-weight yetpowerful vacuum . My Dyson is heavy and not easy to manuver up and down two sets ofstairs . The shop-vac 962-06-00 has done the job and even more . I also use it tosweep the dust and leaves from my patio . Excellent machine .
 This vacuum is great , it really sucks up the pet hair . I wish the hose was just a little bigger around but other than that A + + + + + I am very please !
 I love shop vacs better than uprights because that is what we had -LRB- a bigger model -RRB- when I was growing up , and it was great for all types of floors , and for vacuuming up water . After using this vacuum it 's great on floors and for carpets that are in vehicles but not for thicker carpets that are in rooms in most houses ... so I have to keep the upright around for vacuuming the rooms . For the sale price though it was worth it but I would n't have paid it 's retail price of $ 100 .
 Two things I particularly like about this shop vac are the size and the fact that it has a filter bag . My old shop vac was bulky , and if I tried to use it to get things that had fine particles in it -LRB- like drywall dust -RRB- it would blow some of it out . This one is easy to carry in one hand , and the filter bag works great . It has decent suction , and I like that it can be used as a blower -LRB- though I have n't had occasion to use that feature yet -RRB- . The only thing I do n't care for is the part that holds the attachments and the power cord ; it is n't well designed . But I consider that a small thing . This vac is really nice !
 This product works very well for vacuuming out our cars and picks up all the sand and gravel .
 I am pleased with the shop vac . It seems to do a good job for the price . I only wish it had more attachments . But , overall I am happy .
 The noise was less than past shop vacs . Power was = , I like it.Great price 50.00 , well worth it !!!
 Very powerful and quite . All attachments fit on the vacuum making it easy to transport . The cord secures nicely around the back between attachment holder and vacuum .
 my husband is thrilled with this vacuum . I like it because it is very quiet but works great .
 Good product . Good price.very happy with vac . Amazon service great . Al McKamey
 The Shop-vac was purchased at a very good price with speedy delivery . The required assembly was extremely quick and easy . The Shop-Vac has great suction and the flexible hose and makes clean up around the shop a breeze .
 This shop-vac has as much suction and almost as much power as the full size units . However , it 's size makes it a lot easier to handle .
 We bought this exclusively to take care of the small occasional water problem in our basement . It works beautifully for us .
 i am very happy with this shop vac . very powerful and nice long hose . the bags are a little pricey but large enough so they should last awhile .
 the vac is of good quality but the price is out of line a Home Depot brand works just as well and it cost less . With no shipping cost and to have it the day you buy it not two weeks later .
 Mighty Mouse is n't the only one who can save the day . This vacuum is there when you 're in a jam . My predicament was a tiled shower floor that I could not regrout - the surface beneath the tiles was draining so poorly that it stayed wet - the grout would never set . The mildew thrived and I cussed . Finally , I tried the Shop Vac with crevice tool . It pulled all the water from beneath the tiles in a few minutes . The grout set.We have a cat that sometimes overdoes munching on grass and up it comes , on the carpet . I spent over $ 50 on a special vacuum to clean that kind of mess up . Now I can see that the Shop Vac can handle the same job almost as easily . If you 've got pets , your gon na love this little machine.The wheels and handle make it a easy to roll or carry around the house . The collection container is a cinch to rinse clean . I also like the fact that this model will accept nearly every special purpose accessory , including disposable bags , foam filters for messy liquid situations , HEPA filters for allergy situations , and more . I 'm almost looking forward to the next messy situation .
 When my husband requested a wet dry vac for Christmas I was a bit panic stricken as I know nothing about choosing that sort of product . After a little research I selected this item and hoped for the best . My husband who runs a plumbing and heating company has said this product has saved the day more then once . It 's great for cleaning up debris after a dirty job . His comments are that it has lots of power and suction , a good selection of attachments and it is very quiet . A great , reliable product at a good price . We recommend it .
 This unit was easy to assemble and has nice design features . Its smaller 6 gallon size makes using it on a regular basis a breeze . You will not break your back lugging it around . The Shop Vac has a large handle on top and pulls easily on four large swiveling casters . It comes with an effective air filter that gets the job done . Also included , is one disposable bag . I recommend the purchase of additional bags - they come in a handy three-pack . However , if you do n't mind dumping Shop Vac 's contents manually , then please disregard my suggestion.My main use for this machine is keeping my large front porch area clean and maintaining some semblance of a tidy garage floor . Obviously , the dry suction feature of the Shop Vac is the reason for my purchase . Given the excellent construction of this unit , I can only surmise that Shop Vac 's ability to suck-up standing water will be equally as impressive as it 's dry function has been for me.Final thought
 This was bought as a replacement to a shop-vac that we had for years and finally quit for good . The vac was purchased for a small basement that serves as a large storm cellar . When it rains a great deal we get puddles and this vac does the job of getting rid of the wet while the size makes it convenient to dump into sump hole or tote upstairs if required.Once in awhile our sump pump will fail and parts of the floor will be wet as a result . This vac is great for getting a wet floor dry again . The tank capacity is about as big as a person wants to lug around .
 I have been very happy with this little Shop Vac ; it has more attachments than I would ever need and has enough power to help me clean up water in the basement and all the other odds and ends about the house . My only complaint is with the length of the power cord , which can not be loner than six feet . You must have a extension cord handy unless you want to move it from outlet to outlet .
 This is a great little shop vac . Perfect for vacuuming out the car/truck . Its small and light weight and does n't get in the way . I personally would have preferred a longer power cord and some kind of hose mount -LRB- like the way you wrap up the power cord up -RRB- for when you store it away . I have n't sucked any liquids up yet , so I can not comment on that . Its powerful enough for all my needs and seems that it would last a lifetime .
 Pros
 I needed a vac that could run for a half hour steady and still last at a low price . So far this shop-vac has met that and is running strong . It picks up the fine dust in my work space which is what I need . The only complaint is the power cord could be longer.Shop-Vac 962-06-00 6-Gallon 3-Horsepower Ultra Plus Wet/Dry Vacuum
 Our basement is * incredibly * dark , even during the day . Stumbling around trying to find a light switch is no way to live - this is the simplest solution.A warm orange glow -LRB- half of the switch rocker glows ! -RRB- helps you find your switch easily . The rocker only glows when the power is off , so it also helps you figure out which lights are on and off when you have multiple switches for different locations in one place . A 3-way version makes this even more useful -LRB- when rockers are not always in the `` down '' position when on . -RRB- Easy installation if you 've ever done any electrical work , just remember to shut off the power to the circuit before you start ! 4-stars because Leviton should stop using screw on their gangplates and ship the screwless plates by default . Screwless plates are just much more attractive .
 A very good product and easy to install . If you are looking for a stainless steel sink for your kitchen , this is the one .
 I returned the sink because it was not what we wanted after all , so I returned it unopened.Thank you , Mark Ward
 I bought this low-cost builder 's level -LRB- while it was on sale -RRB- , to demonstrate how they are set up , adjusted , and used , figuring the class would enjoy seeing how the older -LRB- generally obsolete -RRB- optical technology worked . Once I pulled this inexpensive level out of its case , I was immediately impressed with its quality and design . The `` RoboToolz '' level is well made and nicely finished . The telescope is sharp and easy to adjust and it looks and functions as good as much more expensive optics found on construction layout instruments.Simple builder 's levels have taken a backseat since the advent of modern laser-leveling technology , but there are many times when a builder 's level will satisfy layout requirements without an expensive laser system . I had not squinted into a builder 's level in years and years , but then after handling the RoboToolz unit I remembered how handy they are and how easy to set up and use these inexpensive little builder 's levels really are.You can level your batter boards , check your forms , and use it to build your house from the ground up . This little builder 's level is plenty accurate enough for residential and light commercial work and the price is right.I initially bought the RoboToolz as a cheap demonstration tool for a class , but now I 'm using it -LRB- along with my laser 's -RRB- as another reliable layout instrument . Do n't let the inexpensive price throw you ; if you buy it I do n't think you 'll be unhappy with your purchase . -LRB- Note that the above comments were written and the purchase of this tool was made when the Robo Toolz builder 's level was on sale and relatively inexpensive for this type of equipment . -RRB-
 This builder 's level is well made and easy to set up . The instructions for calibration are easy to follow and theunit checked 100 % accurate . Leveling the tripod first always makes leveling this instrument easy and accurate.This builders level meets all my needs now and for the future . Great tool ... excellent price !
 Basically , if you lack the math to not be able to build say the Great pyramids with this , you should not be building . It is more than sufficient with a little bit of creative geometry for just about everything .
 It 's nice to find a good level such as this at a decent price . I have lasers , but I needed a good instrument to shoot grade at long distances . I am happy with the purchase and the quick shipping .
 I was trying to level and area for a pre built shed . The shed is 20 ` x12 ' and the area about twice that . This is the perfect tool for that but not worth the $ 300 + that most comparable transits cost . I was nervous that the optics would not be good . This is a high quality tool . The optics are great , has a great finish and comes in a case . I 'm using it with the Dewalt tripod that cost almost twice as ths transit .
 i bought this level several months ago to aid in some drainage work that included putting in four culverts . it is an excellent product , easy to use , well worth the price , and i highly recommend it for those doing small projects around home and farm . one of the best internet purchases i 've made . thanks , sc
 If it just had an integrated magnetic compass I would have gone 5 stars . I would not be afraid to layout a small construction project with this , but I would definatly take cross measurement and trig things out if it were going to be a small house . I see no problems for deck layout/leveling , plumbing , etc. . . Ok for map drafts , but not for survey if ownership or lawsuit issues might result . The very low price I paid was good for at LEAST one of the stars !
 I wanted to replace an old defective remote dimmer . Turns out the dimmer had been discontinuted . I could not find anywhere locally . Amazon was the only place on the internet that had a replacement . Dimmer was exactly as advertised , brand new in sealed package , fast delivery and works great ! Very happy shopper !!
 I bought this blade to replace a dulling Oldham 60-tooth that kicked back so badly that it deflected the blade far enough out that the teeth caught and jammed on the blade guard . Thankfully , I can still count to 10 with my hands ... I was skeptical of the variable tooth design and the miraculous claims , but it was reasonably priced and the salesman recommended it so I gave it a shot . I expected it to be a compromise blade
 I purchased this blade to go along with a tabletop saw that I had also purchased . Let 's face it
 I bought this blade from the orange store for about $ 27 . It provides a very nice cut for ripping and cross cutting . I like it better for ripping than cross cutting . In my test , the Freud 50 tooth combination blade provided a slightly better quality cuts . I kept the Porter Cable blade for my backup cross cut blade . For ripping , I liked the PC blade the best . It seems to rip with less effort than the Freud blade , although it does leave some subtle saw marks , whereas the Freud leaves virtually no saw marks.I cut the same wood sample using 3 blades on the same table saw on the same evening . I made rip cuts and cross cuts . I evaluated the Ridgid finishing blade -LRB- 50 tooth , I think -RRB- , this PC blade , and the Freud blade . The Ridgid blade left a lot of saw marks in the wood . You could see and feel them . The cut was quite square , though . The PC blade produced a much smoother cut , and the saw marks were very subtle . It also produced nice square cuts . The Freud blade produced no visible saw marks , and the cut was square.When I used an inexpensive carbide tipped blade from Harbor Freight , the saw marks were quite pronounced , and the cut was n't even close to being square . I think the HF blade was OK for stuff like cutting laminate flooring , especially considering how hard laminate flooring is on saw blades . You do n't feel too bad about chucking a $ 10 blade when it only lasts a couple jobs.The PC blade seems like an excellent value , to me .
 I finally replaced my 60 -LRB- 80 ? -RRB- tooth carbide tipped blade that I had been using for years . It was either get the old one sharpened or buy new . The cost would have been about the same so I went new . Great blade !
 Tired of changing blades for course and finish cuts or ripping to cross-cutting ? Consider this odd-looking blade . It has four different tooth-sets and probably would be expensive to get sharpened , but at ~ $ 40 , why bother . Quiet in operation , smooth in cutting
 This is the second one of these blades I 've had . As with the first , this is an excellent blade and is truly multipurpose . It both rips and crosscuts with peed and precision . It comes extremely sharp and is a pleasure to use .
 I work frequently in cherry and was having a terrible time with burning . I tried several different blades but could not find one that would rip without burning . Then I found the Razor and have been burn free since . I have been using it for at least two years and I was getting worried when I found the local stores were not carrying it any longer . So when I saw it on Amazon I jumped at the chance to buy a backup . It 's a great blade !
 Purchased on a whim after reading other reviews and wanting finer cuts . This blade is amazing ! Goes through pressure treated 2x4 's like a hot knife though room temperature butter . Nice smooth cut . I could n't be happier with this saw blade . Will purchase another when this one wears out .
 I ordered the saw blade when I saw it on sale . It appears to be a very good blade . Only wished I had ordered more at the time .
 Extension fits well but was shipped with only some of the required bolts.Bed finish matches original .
 So far so good ! I received the Leviton 6621-PGY SureSlide 600W Preset Incandescent Dimmer switch I ordered in record time and it appears to be just what I need . However , I have not had it installed yet . I am very pleased with the appearance of the switch and the response time and feel confident that the switch will meet my expectations .
 These were shipped very quickly . The fuses are just as described and a great price . The local auto parts shop had a limited supply -LRB- 1 -RRB- at a pretty high price !
 Install the In-line Zip Cord Based 117 VAC Dimmer in a zip-cord based extension cord and it works as advertised
 Just a fuse . Works like a fuse should , not too big , not too small , just right.Fits , looks good , it is after all , a fuse .
 Very good kit to use for painting hard to reach areas without a ladder . I definitely sacrificed some on the quality side of painting , but not having to lug a 15 ft ladder around the hard to reach areas is a sacrifice I 'm willing to make . The edger was more challenging than the roller as you have to make sure the top of the edger does n't get wet paint or your ceiling/trim will suffer.The edger went on thicker than the roller , so I actually had to do an extra coat with the roller to even it out .
 This is a perfect replacement for the screen door latch on my Trek . I looked in all manner of RV catalogs and was going to use a different stlye before I came accross this one on Amazon . My bad German Shepherd broke the old one .
 OK , this could be a very handy little kit for your car or your camping trip . It 's got lots of handy little items that could be nice if you forgot something , such as pre-pasted toothbrushes , chapstick , TP -LRB- always handy -RRB- , sunscreen , insect repellant , and so forth . It also has a mini 1st aid kit , poison oak relief , wet-naps , etc. . Nice.But as for actual survival , it 's not so great . It does have a cheap whistle and mirror for signaling - better than nothing . For lighting and signaling , you get one lightstick - hardly enough , a small LED light would be nice , too . One box of matches , and not even those super-duper lifeboat matches . They are n't sealed , either . You need more and better matches , tinder -LRB- I suppose one could use the TP ! -RRB- , and one of those flint firestarters too.The knife is one of those `` swiss-like '' devices with a fork and spoon . It 's OK if you need to eat your lunch - but as for survival - not so much.So , if this was in your trunk or your camping box , you sure could be happy to have it at times . But I would not rely upon it for real survival .
 These are the best personal lights available . I carry one on each key ring and have been using them for years . The clips will break once in a while , but all you do is mail them to ASP and they send you another one free . The only reason I bought more is because I end up giving them away .
 This stuff is amazing for the edge of cabinets . Easy to work with , trim and iron on . Looks wondrful and no one can even tell that it was a raw edge of wood
 I used the Melamine Edging to finish off the top of a door that was cut in half to make a Dutch Door.The iron on process was easy and it made it look like a finished .
 When extended fully , it bends badly in the middle when trying to exert pressure against a paint roller high on the wall . If I had it to do over I would try one of the triangular ones or a different brand . The joint is n't tight enough for its intended purpose . But , like the title of my review says , it got the job done . I also used it one day -LRB- in combination with a ladder -RRB- to pull a plastic bag out of a tree . That is , it 's nice to have the reach if you need it . It 's light enough .
 I used this compressor for six months and have run it to death . It still runs great , now I use the MK2A8P-DVS and I love them both . I build houses and run two or three nailers and a staple gun . The little one could not keep up with the added work load so I had to move up .
 I bought this to pick my fruit trees , I already had the fruit picking part , but not the pole . I did have to put some tape around the top of the pole so it would n't be loose but snug . -LSB- but that has nothing to do with the pole , just what I needed it for -RSB- I love it and now I can finally get the fruit at the top of my tree .
 I had some spider webs in my screen porch that I could not reach . So I purchased this and put a broom on the end . I could now get rid of the webs that were 15 feet above me . I did not want to use a ladder since , I wanted to move away fast . Job done in 2 minutes then got rid of a wasps nest sarting at the peek of the house . Knocked it down and ran into the house . The last time I waited too long and had to call someone to do this job and it cost more than I paid for the pole . Nothing is going to escape me now since , I have the means to nip it in the bud .
 It is a little less gauge metal than I wanted -LRB- flexes a little when out long with a paint roller on it -RRB- , but the price was right .
 THIS POLE DOES THE JOB , ITS STIFF AND STURDY . GOOD DEAL FOR THE AVERAGE HOMEOWNER 'S NEEDS AS WELL AS THE PRO 'S
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my daughter along with a basket that attaches to the end . She said it gets the job done .
 Does well with an apple picker attached . However if there is a lot of weight on it youare probably better off with a different extension pole . The sliding mechanism worksvery well . It does bend a little at full extension when my apple basket has a few applesin it .
 This Mr. long Arm 3212 Pro-Pole is something everyone should have . I have used it for multi purposes . When you ca n't reach something or something unexpected happens and you need a long pole this is it . Love it !!
 I purchased this extension pole to attach Fruit Picker Head -LRB- TR20090 -RRB- to pick our 24 grapefruit trees . Since we just purchased this house picking this many trees is new to us . We 've been happy with both the picker and the extension pole . It 's light weight , easy to maneuver , and gets the job done .
 Great product that is sturdy and reaches up tall mango trees . If you want a telescoping pole you 'll be very happy with this product .
 Purchased this pole to make a budget `` boom pole '' to hold microphones for my son in film school . It is light and sturdy and the locking mechanism appears to be simple and dependable . Found the directions on youTube and bought all but the pipe insulation and hanger bolt on Amazon . So far it appears to work perfectly .
 I am using this extension for a fruit picker basket . It is light weight and strong . I would not put a lot of strain on it while fully extended , its for light-duty use . Good value for the price .
 Have not used this arm yet . Waiting for the fruit to be harvested , but does feel well made with quality materials.The threading matches up well with `` The Fruit Picket Twister ''
 My house has high ceilings and I needed this product to reach high places . I ordered a light bulb changing kit and a duster . Both had no trouble attaching to the extension pole . Made of quality product and I have already used a few times to reach the ceilings and ledges . Price on Amazon.com was way lower than local big box retailers .
 I purchased this item to attach to a fruit picker attachment . It has worked well the six times I used it . The pole is sturdy and ridged even at the maximum extension and with the weight of peaches and plums . The threaded section at the top fits well on attachments and seems well made . The coupling does not slip once tightened and adjustments to length are quick and easy to make . This was important to me since picking and thinning fruit often requires a twisting motion to release the fruit . A solid coupling was important .
 I bought this pole , along with a grabber to change light bulbs , so that I do n't have to climb a ladder to change recessed lights in my high ceiling . It works beautifully and the pole stores neatly in a corner of my laundry room so that it is readily accessible . I highly recommend this solution to other aging seniors who find ladders to be unsafe .
 This pole was exactly what I was looking for ! I have extremely high ceilings and I needed this to be able to reach the inevitable cobwebs ... and dust .
 I purchased the Mr. Long Arm 3212 Pro-Pole Extension Pole along with the Fruit Picker Head Tr20090 because Amazon says both items are usually purchased together . The problem is , the diameter of the pole is smaller than the diameter of the fruit picker 's collar when crimped closed all the way ! I had to wrap the pole 's head with several layers of duct tape . That did the job ! Both items now work well together . I have hooked onto strong branches in a very crowded tree and pulled VERY hard and the head has n't slipped off the pole yet . I just thought I would let anyone planning to buy these items know .
 It would be difficult to write a review about an extension pole that would crack open the Earth , tear apart the sky , and end world hunger due to its shear awesomeness . I mean , it 's a pole that extends . So I wo n't shoot for razzle-dazzle . I 'll just say why I like it and what I use it for , and let it be that . Sorry , I know that 's disappointing.I use this extension pole with the unique and surprisingly effective gadget calledGutter Sense Gutter Cleaning Tool - Improvements . My parents ' home is two stories and I do n't like having to shimmy up top to clean the leaves out with a leaf blower . I ESPECIALLY do n't like the thought of my parents attempting this feat , so I bought the Gutter Sense and this pole to mount it on.The pole is fairly lightweight , yet sturdy . Even when fully extended it holds up with the usage of the gutter cleaner . It does bend a bit at the slimmer portion when I 'm trying to haul out a clump of leaves and I get the device caught on a gutter support , but that 's to be expected . The locking collar for the extension is a nice , heavy plastic that is a very effective anchor - it really does tighten things down securely . The plastic threading on top of the pole for attachments pairs with said attachments well - there is no cross-threading or poorly defined areas on the threading that would lend itself to damaging the pole or accessories . I really like that the attachment I 'm using secures very well to the pole - no coming loose when I bump it on something , etc. . It tightens down and stays that way.My final reason for liking it
 I am pleased with the extension . While it makes things so much safer then using a ladder . I would recommend this to anyone who has to reach to do painting .
 Good quality pole , light and strong . Head attachment is the only weak point pole is . Bit small so a firm attachment is difficult .
 Nice and very light to use when picking fruits.One of my favorite product I bought in Amazon ... Made in USA ... love it .
 Its worth mentioning that this pole has a screw type end and the head is a clamp system . They are NOT compatable . So we have a long pole which we will now use to paint high places and a peach `` grabber '' that needs a standard pole . Obviously , the Grabber is not a universal hookup . Having said that , I have no complaints with either section .
 Yup , its a fuse ... did n't come blown , and did n't blow when only 50 amps when through it , so I guess its works ? have n't pushed 200 amps through it , so I cant comment on that .
 This Fuses are ok and a great price I use them for my 1600 AMP Hour backup battery bankand 2300 watt power inverter for my house .
 If I had known these fuses would lead to my arrest and subsequent weekend in the Maricopa County `` jail '' I would have never bought them . Just kidding , it was actually the Pima County jail.They 're fuses . They 'll hopefully blow up before my car burns down . If my car burns down I 'll let you all know . They were the cheapest ones and that 's what I look for most in fuses . What else is there to say ?
 Nothing too difficult here . I 've used it for months without problem . It does what fuses do generally - not much of anything -LRB- which is good -RRB- ! Have not had an occasion when it should have blown but did not .
 came early and is high quality -- ty -- very good item - will order again if i ever need another - keep up the good work
 Looks very sturdy and has not blown as of yet . Does look to be gold plated and hope it will do the job that I am asking it to do .
 I have not had any occasion to use these fuses , but they appear to be well-made and worth the cost .
 i ve been using this fuse for the past few months and i havent had a poblem with it yet , of course , i havent exeed 200 amps . It is designed to be blown if you have a short or if you go over the capacity rate . i really like the golden ends of the fuse may be to prevent oxidation or rust . I went to a local chain store and it is more expensive than amazon even paying the shiping still cheaper !!!! very good product i really recomend this type of fuse
 as advertised , hope when it 's needed it works as expected.I will never run power cables with out some form of protection for my solar system .
 I had the normal fuses installed on my sound system in my car when one day my system stopped working . its time to investigate ... the first thing I do is check the fuses and i opened my hood of the car just the see that my normal fuse and fuse holder MELTED !! so i said to myself its time to get a anl fuse and fuse holder . ive had this in my car for a month now and i have not had any problems yet but we will see in the future . it didnt make a difference in sound but Im just hoping it doesnt melt like my previous fuse holder . .
 A fuse is a fuse at this price I can afford to blow them wile playing with my truck three battery and inverter setup , used for running my 120ac power tools .
 For safety and convince . Something one should have when connecting and using electrical parts . My battery charging system will not require this much amp . but then I do plan to add more solar panels in the future that could . Came on due date and in good shape . Thank you .
 i dont know much of anything about fuses so dont take what i sy too heavily ... but it seems well made ... has a nice heft to it . . more than youd think of such a small item ... i put it in my scoshe fuse box and it fit nice and snug ... lets hope it lasts awhile ; -RRB-
 Works Well . I Used It On My Three Amps And It Gives What I Need For Power . I Would Recommend this product to anyone who needs an ANL fuse .
 I picked up this blade on clearance somewhere for $ 20 if I remember correctly , and now I see just how great a deal it was since they 're listed here for $ 75 . I use the blade in my 5000rpm Ryobi miter saw -LRB- which is a great saw -RRB- . The two combined are fantastic and I 've been very happy with the performance and results of the blade . As it says -- it makes fast cuts but also makes them nice and smooth . Just keep in mind if you purposely jam it hard into the wood it 'll cut seriously fast but might have a little bit of tear on soft woods . Cutting just a bit slower will still be plenty fast but give great results on finish and framing lumber .
 Excellent Product ... looks nicer when you recieve it than online ! Our granddaughter loves it !! It is made of ceramic material and is easy to turn on .
 Purchased this pop-up drain for the Kohler tub I had just installed.The drain is well constructed , pipes are made of soft brass , the visible parts are polished chrome.It works well , is fairly easy to adjust , and seals tightly.The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5
 I guess it does the job . I called Kohler the get recommendation for the tub and that was the recommendation . Looks great and works well . Fits with a modern look .
 Was very hesitant because I saw another review where it says it 's really hard to turnI was limited in choices because we bought a kohler tub and was n't sure what would fit and what wouldntContractor installed it , and it looks amazing and easy to use
 Both the contractor and the plumber who installed this were thoroughly and favorably impressed by the quality , features and operation of this item . It is well worth the cost . If it will fit your job , go for it !
 this came in with the base a little bent , , , , do n't know how this happen . so you want to fully check out . I think I can fixbut it looks great , , not sure how long it will last . I replace these after about 2 years because they rust . but the cost was great for this one ;
 I bought 2 of these lights for either side of my front door . They look lovely and the polished brass matches the stained glass on my front door perfectly . The lighting covers a larger area than what I expected , but that also depends on the kind of light bulb you use . It 's good quality and at a great price . Its constructed fairly well and my husband had no problems installing it . I would recommend this .
 Not much to say , good product , great price and very fast delivery . Works perfect in my application and it is a good looking product overall ! I have purchased several other products from Raptor , and for the price they always deliver value . I would defiantly recommend this product !
 Plain and simple , the fuse either works or it does n't . So far so good , the fuse has not fail me yet . -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- I 'm happy with what I have gotten for my solar project .
 These are high quality ANL fuses . You ca n't go wrong here . I also bought the 200amp ANL fuse pack and the Raptor brand fuses really are high quality ! Why spend a fortune on the brand names when you can get these for less ?
 works to protect my solar power battery system , off grid . The size is right for the purpose , and will protect all the elements down stream .
 No more and no less , this is exactly what I was looking for my solar panel battery circuit , look profesional and work profesional
 Bought for my Jeep to protect my hi amp alternator . Good product at a good price ! Goes with the Scosche fuse holder
 If the women dont find you handsome , they better find you handy . I 've always go for handy . Long live the possum lodge . Its the best !!!
 This fuse was needed to install an inverter system for emergency power outages . We had 4 different utensils plugged in and the fuse did not blow !
 How do you review a fuse that has n't blown ? I guess that means it 's either working or it 's not . Hope I never find out .
 This product works perfect ... just as described . Quality is great . Shipped fast . I would buy this again . Overall , would recommend this again .
 Works great ! You get five 80A fuses for around $ 7 . Radio Shack only sells 20A , and you only get one for $ 10 . Great product !
 This product was a great buy . Not only did it ship quickly but it also arrived undamaged . Thanks for the fuses they realy helped out .
 I have this in an Inline fuse going to a 1000W amplifier and it has yet to give out . It has been installed for almost a year now and I have not had to replace it . Good solid quality also .
 The Mr. Long Arm looked like a good extension pole so I decided to give it a try at the 7 ' up to to 15 ' size . I 've never had an extension pole type device and wanted something I could use the with the Twister Fruit Picker , which has straight threads . I lucked out when the Mr. Long Arm arrived since it also had straight threads , which were aluminum and nice and deep . The two fit together although the Twister Fruit Picker 's threads are not very deep so it did not bottom out at all but got plenty tight just with hand force.The Mr. Long Arm is a high quality fiberglass pole outer with brushed aluminum internal slider that has holes every 6 '' or so with one push-button clicker at the end to lock it at a hole . The button seems to almost be directional , although it 's not marked as such . For example , if you push on the lower part of the button the inner extension goes into the handle very easily . Also if you push on the top part of the button then the extension comes out very easily . Pushing in the center was not as successful in either direction . I found that a bit of cleaning/deburring of each hole helped the clicker slide quite nicely as well.The unit was delivered on Oct 17 and the date of manufacture was Sept 14 of the same year , so it was very new . It said it was made in the USA on the sticker on the handle . The unit seems to be of very sturdy quality.There were no instructions with the handle . The only instructions that would have been helpful would have been tips about the button.I was picking apples with my setup in less than 15 minutes . I feel the Mr. Long Arm will be very useful for a great many years . It 's a commercial/professional grade unit and I expect to have it for a very long time . I paid about $ 39 with free shipping in 2011 .
 I needed a handle for the Trail Blazer XTD-14TS Xtend-A Pruner that does n't come with a pole . This one does the trick . It 's well made and sturdy , and screws right in to the pruner head . For some reason this 8-15 ' pole is cheaper than the same model in 6-11 ' -LRB- Mr. Long Arm 7512 Two-Section Super Tab-Lok Extension Pole , 6-to-11-Feet -RRB- . I figure it 's just a pricing error on Amazon 's part , but if you want it I 'd order it quick because at this price it 's a good deal .
 Originally I was looking for something to aid in changing out light bulbs . Even though I 've seen similar items in hardware stores , I kept coming back to this Mr. Long Arm product . The overall feel , weight and construction were the big selling points for me . I settled on the 8-15 ft model for my needs . Finding it on Amazon at a lower price made it even sweeter.The handle is constructed of fiberglass while the extension rod is made of anodized aluminum . I do n't think rust is going to be a problem . The rubber hand grip is better then most for maintaining a solid hold when extended . The one button locking mechanism is fluid without any hiccups . Even though I had no problems when I fully extended the pole , others may have an issue with control and balance . I found absolutely no slippage in links . As I said earlier , its got a great sturdy feel.I like the all metal universal thread . Unlike my older pole , this one has accommodated everything from pool tools to bulb changers . I even attached a nylon broom head to rid the roof of leaves . It does a bang up job on dusting ceiling fans too . I also added a hook attachment for trimming our trees . I was nicely surprised to find that various tool heads did n't work themselves loose.Even though the red push button locking system has worked like a charm , I 'm not sure if the hard plastic button can go the distance . It did n't take me long to figure out that the button can be removed for lubing and maintenance of the extension rod . Even though I do n't own any of the accessory heads , the company does have a nice line up available . The manufacturer also tags a one year limited warranty on this product.Overall I am very pleased with the quality and functionality of this Mr. Long Arm product . It has been a welcome go to tool for making things a little easier around the house and yard . Undoubtedly , its a tool that has already paid for itself over and over .
 Mr. Long Arm is very sturdy and great for attaching a paintbrush to so I do n't have to go up 33 feet ! I found it to be light enough yet tough enough for all that I did which included painting ceilings with a roller . The price was great too as I compared with Home Depot and Sherwin Williams stores .
 I needed this pole to use with the Gotcha Sprayer
 The pole is great , it 's a little difficult to lock in position , but not bad . It 's sturdy and I can reach my 16 ' ceilings no problem . It is light enough and yet strong enough to make light bulb changing easy . The most important thing is to put the correct bulb grabber on the end !
 Sturdy pole to help reach the light bulbs in the living room . Easy to telescope in and out no sticking .
 This is my second Mr. Long Arm . The first one is still going strong after cleaning my rv for years . I am simply adding another brush type to my arsenal . I 'd rate this extension pole a top pick . Always easy to use , great balance , very strong . Ca n't get much better than this .
 We 've lived in our house for 21/2 years . Our main living room has 2 story windows and a ceiling fan at the top too . For the last year probably we 've had these cobwebs gradually forming in the tip top corner I had no clue what to do with . Then , my wonderful husband turned the fan on when there was a foil balloon on the ceiling and sucked it right into the fan where it sat for 5 months . It was then I had no choice but to figure something out to solve both problems.This pole is STURDY . It 's definitely industrial . The two sections work perfectly . The selling point for me was the ability to attach nearly anything with a screw type attachment . I could therefore attach a duster to battle my cobwebs and just wrapped a wire hanger around the end to untangle the balloon string .
 Great bulb changer for tall ceilings ! All bulbs easily replaced with the gripper that fits all bulbs . Love it ! Our ceilings are twenty feet high and some fixtures have adaptors as well . All different sizes and shapes of bulbs -LRB- fluorescents too ! -RRB- are easily switched out .
 This is perfect and extremely handy!If you have a high ceiling or roof you should definitely get this extension pole ... you 'll need it sooner or later.This pole is extremely sturdy and wo n't slip easily . But it does feel a bit less sturdy if you extend it to it 's maximum length , but it 's still good enough
 I was looking for a quality extension pole and decided to go with the The Mr. Long Arm -LRB- 2-4 Feet -RRB- pole . I have tried twist lock poles and found they were always untwisting and changing size . This pole feels sturdy and locks into place with several different positions . I 'm 6 feet tall and I am painting rooms with 8 foot ceiling and the 2-4 foot pole is just the right size for me . I 'm not sure if this will be long enough for 9 foot ceilings . This is a quality item that I should have bought years ago .
 This control was better than expected , the price was the best I could find any where . Installation was a breeze .
 The Mr. Long Arm looked like a good extension pole so I decided to give it a try at the 7 ' up to to 15 ' size . I 've never had an extension pole type device and wanted something I could use the with the Twister Fruit Picker , which has straight threads . I lucked out when the Mr. Long Arm arrived since it also had straight threads , which were aluminum and nice and deep . The two fit together although the Twister Fruit Picker 's threads are not very deep so it did not bottom out at all but got plenty tight just with hand force.The Mr. Long Arm is a high quality fiberglass pole outer with brushed aluminum internal slider that has holes every 6 '' or so with one push-button clicker at the end to lock it at a hole . The button seems to almost be directional , although it 's not marked as such . For example , if you push on the lower part of the button the inner extension goes into the handle very easily . Also if you push on the top part of the button then the extension comes out very easily . Pushing in the center was not as successful in either direction . I found that a bit of cleaning/deburring of each hole helped the clicker slide quite nicely as well.The unit was delivered on Oct 17 and the date of manufacture was Sept 14 of the same year , so it was very new . It said it was made in the USA on the sticker on the handle . The unit seems to be of very sturdy quality.There were no instructions with the handle . The only instructions that would have been helpful would have been tips about the button.I was picking apples with my setup in less than 15 minutes . I feel the Mr. Long Arm will be very useful for a great many years . It 's a commercial/professional grade unit and I expect to have it for a very long time . I paid about $ 39 with free shipping in 2011 .
 I needed a handle for the Trail Blazer XTD-14TS Xtend-A Pruner that does n't come with a pole . This one does the trick . It 's well made and sturdy , and screws right in to the pruner head . For some reason this 8-15 ' pole is cheaper than the same model in 6-11 ' -LRB- Mr. Long Arm 7512 Two-Section Super Tab-Lok Extension Pole , 6-to-11-Feet -RRB- . I figure it 's just a pricing error on Amazon 's part , but if you want it I 'd order it quick because at this price it 's a good deal .
 Originally I was looking for something to aid in changing out light bulbs . Even though I 've seen similar items in hardware stores , I kept coming back to this Mr. Long Arm product . The overall feel , weight and construction were the big selling points for me . I settled on the 8-15 ft model for my needs . Finding it on Amazon at a lower price made it even sweeter.The handle is constructed of fiberglass while the extension rod is made of anodized aluminum . I do n't think rust is going to be a problem . The rubber hand grip is better then most for maintaining a solid hold when extended . The one button locking mechanism is fluid without any hiccups . Even though I had no problems when I fully extended the pole , others may have an issue with control and balance . I found absolutely no slippage in links . As I said earlier , its got a great sturdy feel.I like the all metal universal thread . Unlike my older pole , this one has accommodated everything from pool tools to bulb changers . I even attached a nylon broom head to rid the roof of leaves . It does a bang up job on dusting ceiling fans too . I also added a hook attachment for trimming our trees . I was nicely surprised to find that various tool heads did n't work themselves loose.Even though the red push button locking system has worked like a charm , I 'm not sure if the hard plastic button can go the distance . It did n't take me long to figure out that the button can be removed for lubing and maintenance of the extension rod . Even though I do n't own any of the accessory heads , the company does have a nice line up available . The manufacturer also tags a one year limited warranty on this product.Overall I am very pleased with the quality and functionality of this Mr. Long Arm product . It has been a welcome go to tool for making things a little easier around the house and yard . Undoubtedly , its a tool that has already paid for itself over and over .
 Mr. Long Arm is very sturdy and great for attaching a paintbrush to so I do n't have to go up 33 feet ! I found it to be light enough yet tough enough for all that I did which included painting ceilings with a roller . The price was great too as I compared with Home Depot and Sherwin Williams stores .
 I needed this pole to use with the Gotcha Sprayer
 The pole is great , it 's a little difficult to lock in position , but not bad . It 's sturdy and I can reach my 16 ' ceilings no problem . It is light enough and yet strong enough to make light bulb changing easy . The most important thing is to put the correct bulb grabber on the end !
 Sturdy pole to help reach the light bulbs in the living room . Easy to telescope in and out no sticking .
 This is my second Mr. Long Arm . The first one is still going strong after cleaning my rv for years . I am simply adding another brush type to my arsenal . I 'd rate this extension pole a top pick . Always easy to use , great balance , very strong . Ca n't get much better than this .
 We 've lived in our house for 21/2 years . Our main living room has 2 story windows and a ceiling fan at the top too . For the last year probably we 've had these cobwebs gradually forming in the tip top corner I had no clue what to do with . Then , my wonderful husband turned the fan on when there was a foil balloon on the ceiling and sucked it right into the fan where it sat for 5 months . It was then I had no choice but to figure something out to solve both problems.This pole is STURDY . It 's definitely industrial . The two sections work perfectly . The selling point for me was the ability to attach nearly anything with a screw type attachment . I could therefore attach a duster to battle my cobwebs and just wrapped a wire hanger around the end to untangle the balloon string .
 Great bulb changer for tall ceilings ! All bulbs easily replaced with the gripper that fits all bulbs . Love it ! Our ceilings are twenty feet high and some fixtures have adaptors as well . All different sizes and shapes of bulbs -LRB- fluorescents too ! -RRB- are easily switched out .
 This is perfect and extremely handy!If you have a high ceiling or roof you should definitely get this extension pole ... you 'll need it sooner or later.This pole is extremely sturdy and wo n't slip easily . But it does feel a bit less sturdy if you extend it to it 's maximum length , but it 's still good enough
 I was looking for a quality extension pole and decided to go with the The Mr. Long Arm -LRB- 2-4 Feet -RRB- pole . I have tried twist lock poles and found they were always untwisting and changing size . This pole feels sturdy and locks into place with several different positions . I 'm 6 feet tall and I am painting rooms with 8 foot ceiling and the 2-4 foot pole is just the right size for me . I 'm not sure if this will be long enough for 9 foot ceilings . This is a quality item that I should have bought years ago .
 I like this knob . It is solid , easy to install , and overtime will develop a wonderful patina , the more the knob is rubbed.The only downside is the cost , but that did not prevent me from buying it .
 I was looking for small size screwdrivers to carry with my bike tools when riding . I carry a minimum of tools that can help me in any bicycling mishap . Multi-tools do n't always work for everything . I originally had two stubbies , one slotted and one phillips . The handles were too bulky . I then switched to smaller screw-drivers , but the smaller handles would n't let me get enough tork depending on what I 'm fixing on the road . So , as usual I go to Amazon . If they do n't have it , it probably does n't exist . I came across this Xcelite reversible stubby . I tested it on brakes , derailleurs , etc.It 's well made , strong and It works . Yes honey , size does matter .
 Just the item I have been looking for , takes little space in the tool bag and does the job of 2 tools .
 Good for using with a lead acid battery and inverter system . A bit of jury-rigging is required , but I bought some brass hardware and put it in line between the battery and the inverter . Large enough to handle surges , but should protect against short circuits . Make sure you cover the batter terminals , though , to avoid directly shorting the battery , or caboom !
 Looks good and fits my fuse block . The fuse looks solid in the center but 250 amps is alot as long as it blows if needed it 's great . Hopefully that is never needed .
 Shoped around and found that Amazon had the best price and a good quality product , even with the shipping , -LRB- 2 for -RRB- made it the best offer .
 I am pleased with the 250-amp rating . I was able extend my battery connections from under the hood to a rear location using 20-foot jumper cables and this fuse in a suitable fuseholder ! Great accessibility !
 I used this 250 amp . fuse -LRB- in the positive leg -RRB- in an install of a 2000 watt -LRB- Pure Sine -RRB- Inverter . They work great and I would rec . them to anybody that is thinking of doing a like kind of install .
 So far so good . Looks like a fuse , fit right in to my fuse block , has n't popped yet , and I have n't tried to pop it .
 RAPTOR RAN2502.The item was as described and was of good quality . Everything was shipped in a timely matter . The fuse and Scosche EWFH fuse holder worked well together .
 I found this product on line , it appeared to be what I needed and I was certain about this as I read through the details . Ordering was easy through Amazon and delivery was fast . What really amazed me was the service . Unfortunately , the wrong fuse was shipped . Before the product arrived , I had received an email telling me that they had made an error and the correct fuse was being shipped and I received the right fuse only two days later . Thank you Discount Giant USA !!!!
 I was worried about having # 4 wire from the battery of my camper to the starter on the generator not fused . I needed a fuse at the battery terminal . This fuse was perfect .
 I received my order very quickly and the fuses were a great deal . Very happy at this point
 Great quality but wish Kohler would change internal design from gate valve to quarter turn ball valve but keep the 40 's look .
 If you are tired of fuzzy aluminum , slow downloads , or choppy live action , then you need to spend the extra money to upgrade to this incredible rod!Crisp 300000 pixel corners on all 36 '' of high-purity aluminum -LRB- that 's aluminium to you Brits -RRB- will never let you down . Poor lighting ? No lighting ? If you can believe it , I used one of these babies on a party boat on the Seine and caught a flock of doves rising above the flying buttresses of the Notre Dame . They were delicious !
 I got these on sale for a steal and whatever they charge for them retail is still well worth them , they wrap around your eyes are comfortable to wear and though I havent had any incidents with them yet Im sure they 'll do great .
 I bought these for eye safety in low-light climbing and search-and-rescue operations . They 're very good in those applications.Like most plastic-lensed glasses , it takes a little more effort to clean them .
 By far the most comfortable pair of safety glasses that I have purchased . I work in a factory and wear safety glasses for 8-10 hours a day . These are so lightweight that you hardly realize that you are wearing them .
 Have been using the smoke ones as `` work '' sunglasses for a couple of years because they are so comfortable and inexpensive . Bought these ones to use around the yard . A killer deal for the money .
 I liked it well enough to order more for closet and bathroom vanity cabinet doors . I would give it four stars , but had to purchase longer screws separately for my bi-fold closet doors . I discovered that by ordering these individually , the shipping was $ .99 . If I ordered two or three at once , the shipping was $ 6.99 .
 Love these knows . Recently replaced kitchen cabinet doors and updated knobs . Bought most of them at The Great Indoors , but got a better price at Amazon . These are elegant looking and have a heavy , quality feel . Price was great .
 The screw is too short for my drawers so I have to reuse my old screws . I wanted these heavy knobs for old drawers that are difficult to pull open and these provide the strength and bear the weight just as I had hoped . I think washers are needed . I got these for the tactile quality but satin nickel finish is so Y2K ; these match my Umbra refrigerator magnets . This is definitely a comfort over style choice . Because of the length , these remind me of pinball machine handles .
 It out does my Dremel by far as power goes . Lots of torque . This is not a toy it 's a real tool .
 I work in a mold shop and I have tryed out many flexible shaft grinders over the years . This one is the best I have used so far . I have payed a lot more for a tool like this and none work as well as this one does . Most of the other flexible shaft grinders will over heat the cable and lock up over time . This one is still going after 3 months of hard use . If you buy this you will not be unsatisfied with how it preforms .
 This is a very nice alternative to a Foredom . It is used at my jewelry school . That means , that it is used and abused ! Great quality and great value for money !
 I purchased this flex shaft grinder to work on fire agate . So far it has more than enough power to do the job , runs smoothly and the hand piece does n't heat up like so many of the other more economic brand 's reviews state . Fire agate is a hard stone that requires alot of grinding to get to color if you do n't have access to expensive lapidary saws etc. . Therefore it is taking on a pretty heavy work load and is still going strong .
 I have n't had any problems so far . The cord is a little shorter than I would have liked , but it works well !
 I looked long and hard for a flex shaft grinder . I have several hobbies , woodworking , clock repair , jewelry making , automotive and more so I wanted something that would be more versatile , powerful and controllable than a Dremel . This certainly does the job and did n't cost an arm and a leg . I ca n't say how long it will last , but so far I 've used it quite a bit and it looks and runs like new . I do n't think you will find a better item for the money.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is the case . It is kind of brittle . I bumped it on my bench and it cracked . But I tossed it anway as I have the tool mounted on my bench and would never use the case .
 Before this , I used a Dremel tool . This is much better . I suspect the serious carver might want something a bit more substantial but this seems solid and does everything I need it to do . Great for the amatuer like me .
 At less than 1/3rd the price of a Foredom grinder , the SE 979FSG is OK . The chuck is a little light weight , neither the motor or pedal switch are labeled for ratings or agency approval and the motor uses brushes -LRB- spare set included -RRB- . The motor is housed in a heavy casting , so purchase of a motor hanger is useful and advisable.The case is decent quality . The accessories supplied are not . A plastic bag full of bits , burrs and sanding drums with no tool description , useless Dremel chucks tools in the bag and the loose in the bag cut off disks were broken as received . Using my own tools with the motor and making a few passes on nylon , aluminum and steel , the motor did n't bog , speed seemed OK , although I did n't put a tachometer on it . I 'm happy . It is what I expected and I will see how it holds up in the longer term .
 Very good quality and is second best to the Foredom I use in the metals shop . It operates very quietly but I wish that the rotary had a little bit more variety in speed . Overall , this was a great product for me and I use it in my own metalsmithing studio at home . This price is almost a steal .
 Pelican has done the best with LED technology and added it to their usual bombproof industrial design to produce a great dive light . Focused , intense beam , reliably waterproof at depth , and nearly indestructible , backed by their `` you break it , we replace it '' warranty .
 I purchased this item after a positive review in Practical Sailor magazine . I have been impressed with the beam intensity and projection provided by the LED bulb . A great product !
 We bought this as a replacement to another underwater light whose seals went bad resulting in total failure in less than a year . This Pelican is still going strong and it is BRIGHT ! We also use it out of the water because the size , long battery life , and brightness make it very handy . The waterproofing adds to the product -- we can use it in the water -LRB- pool , beach or tub -RRB- and in the pouring rain without any worries . This is the second Pelican product I 've bought and I 'm impressed .
 I buy these for work -LRB- use in companies where flashlights must be intrinsically safe -RRB- and for home . This must be the best small flashlight made . I used the regular bulb version for many years , but the LED version is much better . It makes the flashlights that other use around me look weak . Also , the LED version , using 4 AA batteries , will run for about 35 hours ; it seems forever . Like other Pelican flashlights , it is well made . Over the years , I 've never broken one . Do n't get faked out by the pretty metal flashlights , this is the one . Its not very big , not very heavy , but it will serve for many years .
 This product was rated very highly by Practical Sailor for cutting through fog and finding navigational aids at night . This light should clearly do the job . It is a very bright and concentrated beam . One handed operation is a plus .
 The reviews of this flashlight are very accurate . This is a very good flashlight with great battery life and a very good beam . It 's waterproof and bulletproof.It does have one flaw that I find in about 20 % of these where the on/off mechanism does n't work well and the flashlight flickers or wo n't turn on . The incandescent version of this flashlight has the same problem.In addition to the flashlight 's obvious good points there is one that has not been mentioned . Because this flashlight is made from plastic and the body has a rectangular cross section as opposed to a round shape , this flashlight is easy to hold in your teeth .
 Very happy with this light . For many years I 've carried the non-LED version and it has given me excellent service . This one is brighter and has longer battery life in the same sturdy package .
 This flashlight is super bright and super tough . The LED version is much brighter than the standard model and I have n't changed the batteries yet .
 As a contractor , I have tried numerous brands and types of brushes . A word of advice for those thinking about buying any other brand of paint brush ... do n't . Purdy brushes are incredibly high quality . With proper care and cleaning , a Purdy will last you a lifetime . The man I learned to paint from has owned his for nearly 20 years . I have only had mine for nearly a year , but each shows hardly any sign of wear . As many other brushes break down after only a few uses -LRB- or disintegrate completely after a cleaning or two -RRB- Purdys remain solid . In fact after a time , these brushes develop a sofly worn smoothness of the handle as well as an attractive patina on the metal.The best .
 It completed my sink fixtures and I am very happy with it . By the way , if you have a stainless steel sink and are wondering if you dare add bronze fixtures , go for it . I love the look of it !
 Although we already had one of these on our kitchen sink it did not match the new faucet set that we got from Price Pfister . This satin nickel finish now matches perfectly with the new satin nicket finish Price Pfister kitchen faucet set we just received . Speedy delivery .
 This air gap assembly is very well made -LRB- at least the metal part is , compared to our last one , in which the metal cap cracked after a while because it was so thin . The pipe is typical PVP pipe and seems to be of good quality . I am pleased with this product .
 As you read the product info , you always wonder if products like this are what they describe them as . This on is .
 I bought a Pfister tuscan bronze faucet from home depot but they did not carry the air vent . this matched it pefectly , very happy .
 Goes with our faucet , looks good . I recommend it . Deos what it 's supposed to do , which is to sit there and look nice on our granite counter .
 An excellent value for the price . The only limitation is they 're too close to wear with sunglasses . But they 're quite comfortable and effective , with only a little visual distortion .
 I bought these for the hubby for use at his job . They are lightweight , stylish and the lenses are crystal clear to look through . They resist scratches and seem to be very durable . They fit very nicely , do not slip out of place and do not create pressure points . Money well spent . Safety and style .
 I have installed several of these thermostats for elderly women who have needed new thermostats for thier 220V heat . They are used to the old bi-metalic rotating dial thermostats . They do not want a thermostat that is difficult to operate . This thermostat is non-programable and easy to use . It has a fairly large backlit digital display and the buttons are large and seperated . I have only heard good comments from the women who have had these thermostats installed . I 'm sure they will see lower heating bills as well since these thermostats are much more accurate .
 Removed the old Honeywell T498 thremostat , installed the TL7235 -LRB- exchanged the wires in a controlled manner -RRB- , and the new thermostat was in and running in under 30 minutes . Snap to replace . Snap to operate . Really clean looking thermostat .
 I do n't know why most Digital Thermostats do n't have back lighting?I have electric baseboard heat and are converting/replacing the individual thermostats to digital . No of them have back lighting -LRB- ca n't figure that out -RRB- that is until I came across this one . I IIt was installed a week ago and it works great amd when you need to check the temp just a touch of the button lights up the display really bright.It is also a proportional type just supplies the amount of current needed to heaters not always full on/off .
 Easy to install . So nice to use . I put them all through the house and this is one of the cheapest places to get them .
 Easy to install and easy to operate . It seems accurate . In fact , I will be buying more of these . It is non-programmable , however , it 's so easy to set that this is no problem .
 I installed two of these thermostats to operate small space heaters in two bathrooms . They have a nice modern appearance . The installation instructions were well written and easy to follow . The thermostat works very well and is simple to operate . The display is large and easy to read .
 I replaced a few mechanical thermostats with these a few years ago . I like then so much that I decided to replace all other existing thermostats with them . They 're very stream-line , attractive , and reliable.There appearance and stream-line design are both an asset and liability . They JUST cover a standard electrical box . Unfortunately , most sheet rock is not that precise . I had to plaster , sand an repaint a few because the sides give less than 1/4 '' over the box.I have n't been able to find a back-plate for these . I 'd highly recommend them , but be aware that thy will not cover as well as many other models . I give this 5 stars as far as operation , looks , and reliability , but wish they were just a tad larger on the sides .
 I 've had 3 of these installed for about a month now - no complaints at all . They work great , and , there are n't a lot of options out there for line voltage thermostats with an OFF setting . Even if there were they would be hard pressed to sway me away from this thermostat . A huge improvement in quality and accuracy from what I had before.I would definitely recommend this to anyone ...
 This is the second line voltage thermostat I purchased for my basement baseboard heaters . The first one said line voltage but the line voltage was only 220V and would not work on my 110V heaters . I had to return them and purchase these . Both thermostats were from Honeywell and both looked very similar . No where in the specs could I find what line voltage they needed to work .
 I purchased one of these a couple of weeks ago . The first one worked so good that I have now bought 3 more from Plumbing Planet on Amazon . The installation was easy -LRB- I 'm not an electrician , not even close -RRB- , all I needed was a simple light up voltage checker to identify the line -LRB- hot -RRB- inlets . The instant results with my rooms being more constant in temperature and comfortable was nothing short of amazing . The units turn on and off with only a one degree variance . The old reostat style thermostats -LRB- only 2 years old -RRB- would n't hold any kind of a constant temperature . Great product !!!!!!
 this thermostat looks good and is very user friendly . our seven year old can use it without having a problem .
 this is a nice looking thermostat that is used for electric heat only . Very accurate , stays where its set at and easy to install .
 I really like this thermostat . . It was easy to install and is very accurate and simple . I use this for electric baseboard -LRB- Fahrenheit -RRB- radiators -LRB- 240v -RRB- .
 I installed several of these to control baseboard heaters at our mountain home . They control to a much more specific temperature than the old analog types . They work great and look great . I installed these myself , which is easy with a basic understanding of electricity and a multimeter .
 After 2 yrs this product is still working and I have had no problem with it . I hope this helps you
 Pros
 I have electric heat in my home and I have purchased several other thermostats . This one is by far the best . I bought this one to use with a kick space heater in my kitchen and it works great . I only wish I had known about this earlier I would put one in every room in my house .
 I had a really great experie nce with ordering this ithem !!! Great Product !!! Fast shipment !!!! Great to deal with you !
 Was exactly what i wanted . Easy to install . Have replaced all the others in my home . Definet cost savings in my heating bill .
 The product was received ahed of its scheduled date . it works very well , and I would rcommend it for any one needing a thermostat
 Easy to install for the right situation . Bright screen and easy to use . Money saving by only having the heat on at the preset temperature .
 For fan-force baseboard heat , this unit performs the best of all I 've tried . It 's accurate . It 's easy to set , a bit more difficult to install than simple 2 wire types . The feature of an &#34; off &#34; to turn off the heat without changing the setting is a great bonus
 Dec 12 , 2011 Followup Review ... Units in OperationI have been using two of these for about a month now and the temperature variation between them in steady state still is about a degree . However , now I find that when the units startup their respective electric heaters the temperature variation in steady state becomes greater between them . Also , I am a little dissapointed that the these units shut off power to the electric heaters before the set temperature is reached on the display . I am not sure why or how they do that , seems to me if I set it for 70 degrees then until the thermostat registers 70 degrees on the external green display that is when it should turn off , and not before . Rating these on a scale from 1-5 I am now giving these a rating of 2.5 , they work a little better than an analog dial and look nicer but shutting down before reaching set temperature is not acceptable.Previous Review ... The Honeywell TL7235A1003 , LineVoltPRO is a nice looking unit , easy to install and functions well for my basement electric heat application.There is a single 1 degree F of variation between the two units that I ordered but that is to be expected . These are much more accurate than the dial analog type I had installed before and with these I have a general idea within a few degrees of the actual room temperature.I used three separate digital temperature gauges placed right next to the thermostat to verify the temperature reading of the thermostat unit and the t-stat is within a degree or two of the average of the three gauges . So with this unit I feel confident that what the t-stat measures is what is actually the temperature in the room.I will order more of this model if I need them in the future from this vendor . The vendor quickly sent the new packaged units .
 Better than the cheaper ones my local hardware depot had , and very satisfied with these . I use them for working on my carbon fiber road bike and they are nice and long for reaching into tight spaces , the tolerances are better than the old set I had and they fit into the bolts better . Overall very satisfied .
 Great set of impact sockets that are built well . I have already used these several times since I purchased about a month ago and they have come through for me . Used them with both my electric impact wrench and my air-driven .
 I bought this because I put an aquarium in my breakfast nook . It is very heavy duty and handles the filter and light and still gives me an extra outlet . I wish it were a little longer . As it is it hangs off the wall , but not enough to hit the floor and because of the weight the plug does not stay fully in the socket , and just kind of hangs off a little ... just enough for me to notice and downgrade it half a star . Otherwise , it 's great . I can turn the whole thing off by pressing a button . Very nice . I like to have the safety of a GFCI cord for the aquarium , and this is perfect .
 I just bought this drill over the weekend . The classic styling of a drill from the 1940 's -1950 's is what sold me at first -- it 's a drill just too good looking to pass up . However , more importantly it is a great tool , with some very 21st century features
 This is a good cordless drill for light to moderate work around the house . It has adequate torque for most work and the level lights -LRB- which light up at angles 90 degrees from gravity -RRB- are more useful than I expected.I would n't think of using this drill for building a deck or any serious construction work , but it is a great piece for assembling Ikea-type furniture , hanging piuctures , or basic consturction projects . It seems to fall in line with most Black and Decker consumer tools by providing ~ 80 % of the necessity that Joe 6-Pack needs at a price well below the Makita , DeWalt , Milwaukee crowd.I think this will be a big hit with the Yuppie-Poser crowd , but that 's not to say it 's necessarily a bad tool . I had doubts when I saw the vanity polish cloth that came with this drill ... I use a high amperage corded drill for serious work anyway , so ultimate capabilities were not my highest priority with this drill . I did think the nice aluminum finish was worth and extra -LCB- money -RSB- over the standard 14.4 V model which I would assume this is based on.For the money , this drill represents a reasonable value and feels nice in one 's hand . It 's probably all the drill most people will ever need . Those in a similar budget range who want a bit extra performance may want to check out a SKIL 18V cordless that includes a `` stud finder '' in addition to the extra power .
 I got a great deal on this drill and figured it would probably be as good as any other in it 's price range -LRB- which were lower voltage -RRB- . Since there was n't much to lose - I went for it.Unlike another reviewer who said he would n't use it for a deck - that 's exactly the reason I bought it . I had one corded electric for the project already but had more hands so I picked this up . Was pleased that it drove 31/2 '' deck screws into the wood - no problem . My only gripe was that the battery does n't last forever - but wecome to the cordless world , right ? In fact , for the price , I considered buying a second since the set cost me the same as just a battery would , but realized the times I 'd need to use it that long were very limited.I would n't hesitate to recommend this drill to anyone but pro builders who need loads of torque all day long . The torque ratings -LRB- which require some research to actually find -RRB- show that this drill at 220 in lbs is very comparable to the B&D 14.4 v Firestorm -LRB- 235 in lb -RRB- which sells for quite a bit more . The much more expensive Dewalt 14.4 v comes in at a hefty 400 in lbs . So there you have it . Want serious torque . Pay serious $ $ $ . -- SUMMARY -- The battery wo n't last long under HEAVY use -LRB- 2hrs on my deck project -RRB- . The cool factor of the aluminum casing ca n't be beat . Neither can the price . I gave this product 5 stars because it delivers to expectations and beyond FOR THE PRICE .
 I recently purchased the Black & Decker RD1440K 85th anniversity 14.4 v cordless drillThe drill/driver has excellent power . The battery lasts a long time . The charge indicator that allows the user to check the current state of battery charge is very helpfull also the keyless chuck is a timesaver . This is an excellent product of which I give a five star rating .
 I picked this up at the Hopkinsville , KY K-Mart back in 2002 . The box was torn to shreds and it was the only one I saw . Fortunately , it was also in the clearance section . I ca n't quite remember , but I think I paid about $ 30 for it . It was used very little until last year , but was always on standby when I needed it.Flash forward to now ; I am a homeowner and constantly doing small improvements . Black and Decker amazed me by still making compatible batteries . My old 7.2 and 8.4 Univolt drill has been trash for a while and I needed a backup battery to have on hand . A quick trip and $ 20-something dollars later and I had a drill I could use constantly . The charger recently died ; no LED and does n't work at all , so after I finish this review it 's time for another trip to buy one . The original battery may be getting weak , it is hard to tell and I 'll find out once it gets a full charge.The downsides
 This is such a great drill . If you 're not all that experienced with using drills , this is the one for you . Unlike the corded drill I also have , this drill has speed settings so you can slow it down , or speed it up . It has a keyless chuck that makes bit changing quick and easy . Also , there 's an electronic level that illuminates at all 90 degree angles , for accurate drilling and screwdriving.The only downside is that it only comes with one battery pack . But I 'm sure you can pickup a spare .
 I have had the oppertunity to use this drill a number of times in the past week and use it many as a secondary unit when I am using more than one drill at a time . When I am drilling and filling woodholes with screws I do n't like to change out my bits so I find it is very good for putting in screws and does take somewhat of a licking . Good value for the money . Barrie Dale
 I see some of the bad reviews have to do with batteries issues , I 've had this drill now for two years and have had NO issues with charge times or duration . I bought a spare battery at a local Hardware shop on sale so I have two.I could n't be more satisfied with this drill . The look is great . The ergonomics in the hand are very good . The balance is great . The features are excellent . I use this drill as my primary cordless around the house and I strongly endorse it.I 've had no problems with it , but obviously some have so , who knows what the deal there is . I 'm very happy with mine . -LRB- also own a Dewalt 12 V , a BD 9 volt , and a BD 18 V - which I never use because it would n't hold a charge -RRB-
 The Black & Decker RD1440K ... is truly a great value . It is better than I expected . All features and functions work as advertised . I am not a `` power '' cordless-user , but I require remote , cordless operation . Removing and installing inspection plates -LRB- 6 - 8 # 2 PH -RRB- with constant torque works very well .
 I have to admit I was initially drawn to , and ended up purchasing this because it was silver/chrome , but justified it because I needed a more powerfull cordless drill . I have been amazed by the quality and power for the price . Do n't hesitate to buy . I love it!Note
 I am very impressed with this drill . A great all-around drill with a lot of nice features . Seems well built and solid , with the right amount of accessories to fit every need around the house and in the shed .
 good value , well built and plenty of power ! ...
 I would had jumped right in and gave this drill a 5th star had the drill been designed to stand , or we had been warned that it does not stand on its battery . I brought this beautiful babby home , sat it down on the edge of my work bench to do something else . If I had not saw out of the side of my eye that is was falling down and caught it , it would have fallen and I know the beautiful aluminum caseing would have cracked and busted . How was I to know that it would not stand . Lets face it , cordless drills are designed to stand on their batteries , not fall . Black and Decker should have something on their boxes or instructions warning you of this . This drill is to special to not give us a heads up on that . Other than that , I had to have this retro looking drill . I collect old drills and this fits right into my collection . Unlike some collectors , all my old drills work and I use them , not just sit them somewhere and look at them . So this beautiy fits right in . Last , it does the job as good as any 14.4 drill or better . Get it , you will not be sorry .
 It reminds me of my dads old electric drill he still uses , but this ones mine . I like the portability , and the features . Its going in my tool box at work . Thanks B&D for another Quality tool .
 I 'd love to have this drill . I 'm hoping my wife will see this and get it for me for Christmas . If she do n't I 'll get it myself and then get a new wife .
 We put these in our kitchen and we love them ! They coordinate well with our stainless steel appliances . They are nice and heavy and they have a good feel . They do n't pinch your fingers .
 I bought some of these at a big box store and needed more , but found that they stopped carrying them . So I bought these and they 're a perfect match . They were much less expensive than the big box , so I had some concerns that they would n't be exactly the same . But they are and I 'm very pleased with the purchase . Also , the shipping from the seller , Cabinet Hardware 4 Less , was exceptionally fast . Great experience all around .
 I am posting this review as a counter to the other from someone who does not understand the cost of business and did not do their due diligence . A few monts ago I puchased 12 or 15 of these units BUT first went to the local hardware store and purchased a few different models , brought them home , and tested them for fit , aesthetics and function . Once I was pleased with that I returned the ones I did not want and purchased this EXACT model from this seller for a great price and very fast shipping . I really want to know what else this seller can offer as I was very pleased with the service and product and n eed other types of cabinet hardware.To the person leaving the negative comment , I hope next time you perform a little due diligence before you purchase anything over the net . This seller was one of the best I have experienced and will return and buy more from him or her in the future .
 I 'm a house-painter , and this is the only brand of brush that I 'll use . If taken care of properly , a Purdy brush will last a life time.The angle on this brush lets you get into smaller nooks and crannies with ease , and makes cutting fast and effortless .
 I bought this for my son for college . He is going into construction . I wish I had this nice of tools when I was that age .
 I give this sprayer five stars for the price and two three stars for function . The pressure on this sprayer is n't the best , but it does it 's basic job .
 For the price , this Danco 80760 Kitchen Spray Head does the job well enough . I think it was worth what I paid .
 It looks much like my old one . I did n't even have to install it ... just unscrewed the old on and screwed this one on . Could n't ask for anything easier ! Sprays fine , too : -RRB-
 This is an exact replacement of an old , nameless spray head . The trigger had snapped a hinge and , although still usable , was annoying . Also , many spray holes had clogged up over the years . I dealt with it for a year or so , but eventually decided to pony up the tiny price tag for a replacement . I rent , so I am not interested in unnecessary upgrades , and there is a big price jump to better models.When the spray head arrived , it was in a simple blister pack with instructions printed on the back . I looked over the directions , which are quite easy , and decided on the quick route . I did n't need to replace the base -LRB- which was not leaking and therefore not necessary to replace -RRB- , just the rubber washers and the handle . In the end , I just screwed off the old handle and screwed on the new one , simple and easy!I do not expect this handle to last forever . I expect it will have the same flaws as the original . It is primarily plastic , and the trigger hinge is a weak point . The base is also primarily plastic and leaks might be possible , but I never had an issue with that in the original . The holes will also slowly build up residue , but this can be cleaned.In the meantime , I am very satisfied with my renewed water pressure and working trigger and the price is certainly in my budget , even if it only lasts five years .
 As close a match to our old one as can be . Purchased it here to get free super saver shipping on another qualified item , so maybe I could have gotten it local . Either way , it served two purposes , so we are happy .
 My sprayer broke , so I needed another sprayer . I looked for one on Amazon , and I found this one . It sprays just like the old one did before it broke . Nice sprayer . Easy to install too !
 I fisrt bought a set of these with smoked lenses from Home Depot . They were on sale . After I wore them underneath my motorcycle helmet , I was SOLD !! Home Depot no longer carries these so its Amazon for me . Polarized and comfortable I wear these for Motorcycle rides , bicycle tours and when I run 10Ks . They seem as if they were designed with an active working person in mind . For that reason they are more affordable than the glasses at Motorcycle stores and sporting goods places . If the frame breaks -LRB- mine did after 8 months of riding and abuse -RRB- keep the lenses !! They will be great back-ups for the next set . I have 2 in Smoke and 2 in Brown !! Interchangeable parts are awesome !!!
 After 20 years of name brand sunglasses -LRB- Bausch & Laumb , Maui Jim , Oakley -RRB- I 'm switching to these.The fit is great -LRB- I have a wide head and finding good fitting glasses is a challenge -RRB- , very comfortable , no slip , excellent optics , and the price is amazing . I wear sunglasses any time I 'm outdoors and these are always with me. : - -RRB-
 Hang it on a belt clip or on a lanyard around your neck to light your way after a power failure . Instead of the blinding light of a flashlight , this lantern softly radiates light so you can get around in a blackout without stepping on your cat and tripping on the dog . Very intriguing set up .
 I love these candelas . Am nervous that they may not last as I ` veheard things to that effect , but for this price , they are making me very happy . They give off a beautiful light , and are convenient for outdoor use and instant ambience .
 Product came disassembled in small carton . Assembly was very easy and product is very sturdy . I 'm considering purchasing another one for use as a portable bench vise stand .
 Our family room has `` popcorn '' ceiling paint , which I wanted to remove -LRB- not hard , just very messy and time consuming ! -RRB- . As our house was built in ' 78 , and we had no idea when the paint was applied , as we 're the second owners , and there was still some asbestos-containing paint around during the late 70 's , I needed to test . In comes this kit . I picked it up at a local ACE Hardware for $ 11 -LRB- about the same as the Amazon plus shipping -RRB- . Yes , indeed , it 's a pretty cheap little `` kit '' - some plastic gloves , a ziplock baggie and the order form , basically . Probably cost 25 cents to put together . But , since I could n't find any testing locally for $ 41 , I looked at the bottom line - this came out -LRB- despite the cheap kit -RRB- as the least expensive way to buy what I needed - an asbestos test . The outside of the package is very clearly marked as to the additional $ 30 `` test fee '' -LRB- again , just look at the TRUE test fee as $ 41 , and you wo n't perhaps feel so disappointed -RRB- , so there really was n't any `` surprise . '' I collected the sample on Sunday evening , mailed it Monday morning , and on Thursday -LRB- all in the same week -RRB- I had an email with my results ! I 'd researched the lab itself , and it seemed reliable and legitimate . Personally , I felt that the results were quite easy to understand . Listed are four analysis groups - a series of asbestos fibers , non-asbestos fibers , non-fibrous materials -LRB- such as vermiculite , mica , perlite , styrofoam -RRB- and an `` other '' category , which includes aluminum , bitumen , glue and `` binders '' which includes paint -LRB- which accounted for the vast majority of my sample -RRB- . The report clearly indicated `` ND '' - None Detected - on all of the asbestos fibers -LRB- overall , my sample contained 3 % cellulose , 10 % mica & 87 % paint ; I know I nicked the underlying wallboard , which the instructions advise you to do , accounting for the cellulose -LRB- wallboard paper -RRB- & mica -RRB- ; so basically , my popcorn paint is just that - textured paint without asbestos . The interpretation standards were quite clearly listed - under EPA requirements & guidelines , anything less than 1 % is considered `` negative '' for asbestos . The Limit of QUANTIFICATION , from a practical standpoint , is therefore stated as 1 % . They will report as `` trace '' anything from the limit of DETECTION up to and/or equal to that 1 % , and `` ND '' means that if any asbestos WAS present , it was in vanishingly small quantity - the test just ca n't find it . That means `` negative '' and `` safe . '' Above 1 % , they report percentages , as I illustrated above from my sample -LRB- BTW , it 's volumetric analysis -RRB- . It really is n't rocket science ! I would definitely use this again , unless , quite frankly , I found a local source as reputable at this lab appears to be , and cheaper -LRB- including the overpriced baggie & gloves !! -RRB- .
 Awesome product . Could n't find anywhere but Amazon . Came very quickly . Directions easy to follow . Test results were emailed in a timely fashion and were very thorough . Very satisfied .
 The instructions were simple and clear . The kit includes everything you need . Results in a couple of weeks .
 The kit itself is n't really much as others have mentioned . The two plastic bags are about 5 '' x 7 '' . You are supposed to put the samples in one bag and that bag in the other bag . The mailing envelope is padded and is about 6 '' x 8 '' . I highly doubt the lab cares if you use the kit as long as the information is complete and the sample is adequate , so if you want to save a few bucks , take a tip from the kit and DIY . Take a close look at the product pictures I loaded up if you want to do it yourself.I personally did n't mind getting the kit so that my wife would have peace of mind that I was doing it right.We paid the $ 45 to get it express done . The package took 3-4 days to get to them . They sent a confirmation of receipt email on Friday morning , promising the results in 3 business days . They sent me the results via email on Tuesday morning -LRB- coming directly from an employee of the lab -RRB- . Good news , no asbestos !
 I am fortunate to have received a negative report -LRB- no asbestos in the sample I provided -RRB- . We sent an adjacent sample to a different vendor and received the same negative report .
 INSTRUCTIONS WERE EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND GATHERING THE SAMPLES WAS VERY EASY . WOULD RECOMMEND TO OTHERS WHO NEED SAME TYPE TESTING .
 Could n't find any test in chain DIY stores . Test arrived quickly , was easy to take samples from multiple sources & results were emailed back quickly .
 Just as advertised . Only problem was that it took 3 WEEKS for the lab to receive our sample . Do n't know if there was a problem with the mail or it took the company that long to get to our sample . Regardless , I am satisfied .
 The ProLab Asbestos test kit worked very well and in 8 days I got the certified analysis by email , just as advertised . Recommend to any ` home owner ' wanting to know for sure just what materials they are dealing with .
 I purchased this because my kids bought a home with bags of insulation in the attic - vermiculite . I read online that much of vermiculite has asbestos in it . So I collected a sample and sent it off . NO asbestos , so we can use it to insulate , and not pay several thousand dollars to `` abate '' it .
 Its a well known fact that many older homes have asbestos in them , a natural element , that just happens to have some very negative affects on the human respiratory system . So before I started a remodeling project at my house , I went out and got me some of these packages to try out . It was a very simple process of spraying down the sample , and sending it in the sealed envelopes provided . The lab results came back within 2-days of mailing , of course I elected to pay for the faster service . They sent it to me as a PDF document in an email and I was able to keep an electronic file as well as pass the information on to the contractor to avoid the additional cost of expensive lab work elsewhere .
 Test kit contained everything you needed to conduct test and was very simple to use . Even my wife understood ! Also inexpensive .
 As of August 2011 , there are 84 pads per box , 4 cards of 21 pads each . This is for the 3/8 '' pads . Could n't find the exact quantity listed in the description or on the photo . I needed 100 pads so I 'm a little disappointed . Glad I have Amazon Prime on days like these .
 An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of destruction . Or something like that . I like to always have a supply of these pads on hand in either green or brown though for most of my visible applications I 've chosen brown.Just this week I refinished the kitchen cabinets and put fresh pads on the corner of each door . The pads muffle the noise of me sneaking a piece of candy and help preserve the new finish of the cabinet base.Mrs . Spudman likes to put out glass or ceramic figurines on the wooden tables , making me cringe every time she dusts and does n't replace the pieces gently . On the bottom of vases and bluebird ceramics and paper weights you can be sure to find felt pads on the bottoms to protect the tables . Not all scratches and gouges are preventable , but using felt pads judiciously minimizes them.I 've even used these to level an uneven keyboard and a scale that had lost a rubber foot.The price for these pads is low and considering their protective properties , they are a good investment .
 Well , they do what theyre meant to do , you stick them to the bottom of a table and it slides over hardwood floors .
 Perfect size pads for smaller decorative items . I have placed them all on the bottoms of vases etc , so they do not scratchthe wood . I would recommend if you are looking for this type of product .
 This is a great product to put on small objects so that they do n't scratch the surfaces they are resting on . I bought this for putting stuff on my stained concrete floor which has a nice sheen to it due to the wax polish.Buy it ... wo n't regret it . Note that these are tiny - the image on the website can be deceiving . It is really 3/8 of an inch !
 I just applied them , so I ca n't speak to longevity , but they are small and subtle and stopped my doors from sticking . So I 'm completely happy !
 ANd for protecting floors . Highly recommend this product for all furniture . makes it easier to move pieces to clean out the dust bunnies too ! Happy Housewife = dust bunny free !
 They do exactly as I expected . I used them to dampen the sound of the cabinet doors in our kitchen .
 All I ask of these little felt dots is to prevent scratches on nice furniture finishes from things sliding around atop said furniture . They do that well , even when the object is quite heavy and the dots are well compressed . The only thing I did n't like is that the adhesive used tends to form a permanent bond to the packaging over time . I 've gotten some packages which must have been in the distribution system too long and only about 70 % of the dots were usable , the rest were tightly glued to the waxy cardstock . I 've found that if you only use a few and then put them away for awhile , when you pull them back out , you 've lost some to the same process . Waxman should consider a different adhesive on these , or a different waxy cardstock.Pros - Easy to use , work well.Con -LRB- preventing a five star rating -RRB- - tend to glue themselves to the packaging over time .
 These are high quality pads that wear very well . With hardwood floors , we 've used quite a variety of Waxman felt pads , and they 've all been great .
 This Waxman 7295 Self-Stick Round Felt Pads , Brown , 3/8-Inch is a great product for Cabinets that slam when you close them . Thar being said , it was this reason that I purchased the pad . Here is a brief overview of the features : Pros
 I applied these to my kitchen and bathroom cabinets , and they certainly get the job done . Not much else to say ! They are thick enough that they keep even slightly crooked cabinet doors from slamming .
 My title sums it up - these litte stick on pads were super cheap and work perfectly to keep our new coasters from scratching our wood table .
 I wanted some type of protection for my glass breakfast table , and my glass tv stand as well . The felt pads easily stuck to the bottom of my center channel speaker , as well as the metal fruit bowl I have on my breakfast table . No problems thus far , and they seem to give plenty of these felt pads . I did try to remove the pad afterwards , and there is some adhesive residue ... however it seems like it can be removed and cleaned off.So far used these on metal knapkin holders -LRB- which sits on granite counter tops -RRB- speaker for on glass entertainment centerand metal fruit bowl on glass breakfast table.havent used on furniture though
 I bought these to put on the underside of a ceramic plate that was scratching up my coffee table whenever I moved it . The pads are thick and have a good sticky adhesive . I 'm happy to have them to save the finish on my coffee table !
 I have been working in/around confined spaces - both performing entry , and now rescue , for around 13 years . This is the best unit I have used so far.Great items :1 -RRB- Intrinsically safe - do n't go cheap and buy a non-intrinsically safe blower - especially if you plan on buying only one unit . Having an explosion-proof unit is very important when entering environments where there may be flammable gasses -LRB- sewers , fuel tanks , etc. -RRB- - it is simply stupid to risk a flash-fire or explosion in order to save $ 1000 dollars .2 -RRB- Unit is relatively light and easy to carry .3 -RRB- The hose collapses into a great carrying case .4 -RRB- Very easy to either blow into a space or pull from it . Just remember - in most cases blow fresh air in.Great unit . Solid , fairly light , portable , easy to use .
 Excelente compra todo funciona perfecto el envi&oacute; r&aacute;pido , el articulo se utiliza en capacitaci&oacute;n y es de los mejores que adquirimos
 GREAT LANTERN COMES WITH THE BATTERY FLOATS JUST FINE THE BATTERY HERE ALONE IS OVER $ 6.00 BUCKS WE LIKE THE LANTERN GREAT LIGHT EASY ON/OFF SWITCH 4 STARS !
 This is a surprisingly powerful litle electric lantern and a focusing flashlight . Had both the large and small versions of this but the little one 's switch broke . These Dorcy originals are better thatn the new manufacturer 's . I keep one in the truck and one at camp . I recommend using the Krypton bulbs and good alkaline batteries for the most light .
 I keep this little light in my tool box and over the years it has been a lifesaver in hard to work in spaces like under the sink and under the hood of my truck . If you are looking for a handy light where you need to keep both hands free you ca n't beat this one for the money !
 I love this lamp . The mica provides a warm golden color of light that has great appeal for me . It feels cozy , warm , relaxing and secure . I 'm using it for a bed side lamp , and it 's perfect for relaxing and getting ready to sleep . The swing arm feature makes it a good reading lamp too . Not too dim and not too bright .
 As a contractor , I have tried numerous brands and types of brushes . A word of advice for those thinking about buying any other brand of paint brush ... do n't . Purdy brushes are incredibly high quality . With proper care and cleaning , a Purdy will last you a lifetime . The man I learned to paint from has owned his for nearly 20 years . I have only had mine for nearly a year , but each shows hardly any sign of wear . As many other brushes break down after only a few uses -LRB- or disintegrate completely after a cleaning or two -RRB- Purdys remain solid . In fact after a time , these brushes develop a sofly worn smoothness of the handle as well as an attractive patina on the metal.The best.At this time , I have invested in an assortment of 8 Purdy paint brushes of various sizes . I will not review each , however I thought it fair to review both oil and latex specific models as I own both.Thanks .
 This is a high quality product ; it looks lovely and it works beautifully .
 Bought Schlage to match up with our other sets in the house - this for our garage door . good quality you expect from this brand , but the handle is just a little `` loose '' . All in all i 'm happy , installed myself with ease .
 I have n't installed any of these , so perhaps there are flaws that I have n't noticed yet , but the washers appear to be made quite well . I 'm not sure if the dramatic colors are necessary , but I doubt they will be used anywhere they will show anyway , so that 's fine . As is typical with sets of this type , the case is complete junk .
 I own many Woodline router bit sets , including this one , and every one of them has been very impressive with no exception . The bits are very well made with perfect carbide edges and never a scratch on any of them . They can cut all day without a problem . The cuts are always very smooth even when cuts are very aggressive using the larger bits.The bits have a lifetime warranty which is an indicator of the faith Woodline has in their own product . Woodline 's customer service was very helpful and courteous in the one occasion when I contacted them about a different product .
 I 've noticed that in the 65 years of my life one thing has been constant
 We bought several of the DuPont `` Screw-In Self-Charging Smoke Alarm '' for use in our basement stair well , our detached garage \ workshop , and in our unfinished attic . These are all places that are hard to reach to replace the batteries once a year in conventional smoke detectors . These work well if you read -LRB- and follow -RRB- the directions , but they are not for everyone - Pros : + Charge directly from light socket -LRB- light switch has to be on for several hours to charge -RRB- + Fairly sensitive + Very loudCons : - Ca n't be used with a regular light shade-Needs to be recharged several times a month -LRB- not a problem for us since we use these rooms several times a week -RRB- - Low battery beeping is annoying , but does get your attentionThese might not be for everyone , but they do work for my needs.Recommended
 THe smoke alarm is great . You just screw it into a socket , its self charging and does a good job .
 Our purchase of a self charging smoke alarm was over 5 years ago . We have been using it in our garage and it is very convenient as it requires no batteries . The unit is charged when the lights are on , so at times , if we did not leave lights on for the required length of time , it beeps us to let us know . We usually respond by leaving the lights on for a few hours , and so on . We have been very happy for all these years . Lately , it is beeping more frequently so we figure we need a new unit to start all over again . I guess the battery ran out of juice to be recharged as strongly as before ... but , heck , if all we need to do is buy this product once in five years , so be it . Now we know and will do so ... we still saved the cost and trouble of replacing batteries for five whole years while having an actively charged smoke detector in the garage ... it does n't get any easier than that . I wish we could replace all our smoke alarms with this unit . I think if you leave the lights on for about 2 hours a week , you should be fine . We have our laundry set up in the garage , and between other activities , find that we do n't need to actively leave the lights on to charge the unit , except for lately , as I have described above . It is no big deal to leave the lights on to recharge if necessary - well worth the convenience .
 I went to Kmart thinking they have this thing in stock like it said it has , and found myself ordering on Amazon for this thing . I think it is range is a bit more limited that I like . Essentially , a smoke upstair could not reach the downstairs where this is installed , as well as the upstairs smoke alarm . So , it is comparable usage , and who would have guessed it ? Anyhow , since it did n't need a battery to screw on , I decided to have this thing move later on , but does come with a holder for a lamp bulb and works with the environmental friendly type . Overall , there 's a insert with a pin placed in so if I leave it off , it comes on at a scheduled beeping and does n't do much good since there 's no smoke , so I guess that really could be something to improved upon . Anyhow , it is a good design just could do with a little more finer tuning and adjustment .
 Q
 I bought this lantern to replace one I had exactly like it . Unfortunately , I left the batteries in my old one until they corroded and ruined the electrical contacts . I had the lantern for a number of years and I 'm sure it would have lasted even longer had I not been negligent with the batteries . This was my fault and has nothing to do with the quality of the lantern . I really like this lantern ; it puts out plenty of light and works great for those rare occasion when the electricity goes out . I actually bought an additional one and gave it to my son .
 I purchased this lantern as a replacement to one that I dropped and broke . That one was smaller and took four AA batteries . This one is larger and takes four D cells . I thought I was ordering the smaller Omer that I preferred but this one works just fine .
 we go camping every year and we LOVE these little guys ! you ca n't beat the price - if a bulb goes bad , just buy another one ! mostly , they 're worth their weight in gold because they entertain our three year old and make her feel safe at night without blinding mommy and daddy . :-RRB- I 'm buying three more for this year 's trip !
 Product is as good as I expected and will fulfill our needs . It is well engineered and the quality is excellent for the price . Since I bought in then quantity and they are used by volunteers I was very happy with the price and would not have paid any more but then would have had to sacrifice quality for another product .
 I 've owned this lamp for over 10 years . It 's been used for camping , power outages , roadside emergencies and been along for many adventures and episodes . It 's been kicked , dropped and knocked around and has never failed me . Even after use for extended periods I need to change the batteries infrequently and do n't ever recall changing the bulb ! Not bad for 8 bucks ! I do n't recall what I paid for it so long ago but it was probably even cheaper then .
 These are what we use in the Florida Hurricanes ! One in the bathroom and one in the kitchen and every where you need one ! It has a secure handle so you can walk around in the dark with it . You can hang it up or set it and aim it as you chose . The brightness of the light is adjustable also . This is a MUST HAVE for hurricanes or any type power outage . Great for a gift . Durable , well built and will last !
 I must say this is wonderful for camping we have 2 versions of this one a smaller one that my kiddo just loves to use . it is very easy to use and puts out great light in both spot and floodlight mode . the flood light gives off enough light to light our 8 man tent . We also carry the small on in our backpack as a just incase .
 I needed a knife switch of the lowest possible impedance for a radio project , which made this Wirthco product an easy choice . Every other knife switch I 've seen has been a cheesy little job made of much lighter CHROME PLATED metal . Chrome looks nice , true , but for conducting electricity I 'll take nice beefy sections of copper and brass over chromed-up mystery metal any day . That 's what the Wirthco 's got . I 've used Wirthco switches for the intended automotive applications as well , and they 've always worked flawlessly . They can pass LOTS of current . You pretty much have to handle one to appreciate what a serious hunk of electrical infrastructure it is .
 The Wirthco 20188 In line knife battery disconnect switch was the best i found and at a good price , It works very good and easy to install . Purchased on Amazon.com .
 i used this to isolate my camper battery when it is stored . I had a parasitic draw and this switch solved the problem .
 Length :
 Simple blade switch that I installed in my RV . My rig has a number of sensors tied -LRB- and I do n't know why -RRB- into the engine battery . . so ... if I let my RV set for a month . . the battery drains . . and I got tired of connecting and disconnecting the battery leads ... solution ... the blade switch ... easy to install and easy to use ... the battery is happy and so am I.
 My step-dad needed this and it worked extremely well , it was super easy to install and did it 's job well for his RV !
 Works as expected . I put it in a restricted space so a little difficlut to operate .
 We ordered this to make our Fluke infra-red temperature indicater to be able to read inside meat temperatures . it worked great and we use it regularly in competition BBQ -- Thanks
 I purchased the Stanley Proto JC482 Adjustable Face Spanner wrench on Amazon.com when I was setting about replacing a defective clutch fan on a 2000 Audi A6 2.8 L. I was a bit concerned as I could not be sure the wrench was the equivalent of the Audi specific tool for the clutch fan job . But , where it was considerably less expensive than the Audi specific tool , I took the chance and ordered it . Within an hour of receiving the tool , I had the clutch fan replaced . The Stanley tool was adjustable and fit the spanner holes in the fan assembly perfectly ! The wrench itself is a good quality wrench offered at at very reasonable price and even for a `` one-time '' use makes sense over renting a similar tool or taking the vehicle into a shop for repair .
 Installed one of these units on the heavy entry door from the garage to the house - it has lasted 20 years . Easy to adjust with a screw driver .
 Have had light a couple weeks now and it works great . Other LEDs that I have had go bad within a few weeks due to bouncing in pocket . This one is holding up real well . Good bright light .
 I found this faceplate to be very sturdy and attractive , with the typical easy installation . It should last longer than me .
 a friend has been wanting one of these for a long long time . She is a DIY type of person . her mom and sis refused to give it to her for her birthday so I did . She loves it . She gives it 5 stars . Says it is perfect to use and loves the soft handle .
 I have used these connectors for some time on electric heat mats under tile installations . Very easy to use and reliable . The connection is always solid , and protected . I ordered more for my boat and car stereo wiring .
 Got this yesterday through Amazon and this thing is awesome ! Note , although it only does half-blind dovetails -LRB- and sliding dovetails -RRB- it does them flawlessly with little effort . I also have the Porter Cable 4212 dovetail jig which is pretty good , but this is built much better , is easier to use , and provides bullet-proof , perfect half-blind dovetails every time . With the PC 4212 , it was more hit-and miss . I am using this with a Makita D-handle router that I also just got from Amazon and the combination is heaven-sent .
 This jig is so user friendly and quick to set up ! I used to have a router dedicated to each router dovetail jig . Once it was set I was too afraid to change it . With the Porter Cable quick set adjustment pod I do n't have to worry about changing depths anymore.The only thing missing is adjustable fingers which can be purchased seperately ... $ $ $
 I use this jig for drawer making . I set the jig up and after adjustments it makes great dove tail joints every time . It is easy to use .
 The light is very pleasing and a nice feature is the adjustability of the light intensity -- 3 settings . The lamp is larger than I expected but works on my desk . The adjustment arms not easy to change -- have to stand up and do it because easier to manage . The light itself easily tilted to side . Working well for me .
 My children joke about this lamp after my husband told them that it was `` hundreds of dollars . '' You wo n't laugh at this though . It is high quality , child proof , knock-over proof -LRB- so far -RRB- , and makes a great reading lamp . This is also recommended to treat seasonal depression for the winter blues in gloomy weather . The only downfall is that you ca n't count on this to light up a room . There is actually kind of a haze created above the lamp . No problem when sitting under it .
 I 've had this lamp for just about 2 years now and it was a good purchase . No problems whatsoever , dependable , the light tone is nice , aestheticly pleasing , high quality .
 Perfect for what I wanted . Elegant looking and makes it much easier to read in the evening . Fast delivery too .
 Or the living room , for that matter.This Varilux lamp is beautifully designed . The brushed chrome is attractive and fits a lot of different types of decor . The base is heavyweight enough that you do n't have to worry about the lamp accidentally tipping , either.Key , of course , is the light it puts out . The Varilux offers three options
 If you want an attractive well made desk lamp with white light this is the lamp is for you . I do lots of needlework and needed a bright light . Not only does this lamp provide enough light , it has a Cover over the bulbs so the light does n't pierce your eyes . The bronze is very attractive and the lamp has some weight to it so you do n't have to worry about knocking it over . It also has a three way light switch on the base -LRB- very convenient -RRB- . However , the highest level of light is the one I use to do my cross stitch , crocheting . It is also an excellent reading lamp .
 It really is better light that it puts out . I no longer have tired eyes at the end of the day . Looks good on my desk too .
 I have used this lamp for everything from craft projects & fabric art to reading finely detailed maps . The light 's exact angle and distance from my work adjust with a touch and stay where aimed . The heavy base means it can be bumped without tipping over and can be slid to a different area of the bench without changing the adjustment . My aging eyes appreciate the quality of light as well as the 3 levels of brightness . This unit might be too large for small desk spaces but works perfectly on my 3.5 X 10 foot bench . Besides , I like the classic , well-made appearance .
 I intended this for use as a reading lamp on a small chairside table . It works very well for that purpose . It is sturdy , can be easily positioned , and provides excellent light for reading and writing . The rotating head allows one to turn the light away from the eyes while still lighting reading material . It would have been nice to know ahead of time the exact dimensions and travel of the adjustable arm , but it turned out to fit in my space anyway .
 While these gloves may not be as comfortable as some that cost 10 times as much , they are pretty darn comfy and durable for general yard work and gardening . You just ca n't find a better value on work gloves !
 this is a good high quality faucet , I am a plumber and have put in lots of faucets , and this is as good of faucet I have seen , I would compare it equal to Delta and other well know faucets , and for the difference in price I would buy this faucet before a Delter , Kohler , or American Standard .
 Bigger & better than I thought I would be getting from the photo . Very pleased with the quality , finish & weightiness . Goes well with the vintage-look decor of our renovations . Spray hose a good length .
 LUV this Faucet ! The only draw back is the handheld sprayer does NOT work very well . Very disappointed ... it is hard to push the button and very little water will come out of it.Have received several compliments on it ! : - -RRB-
 I have ordered these filters several times now . They work great , and I have never had a problem with my order .
 Great replacement filter . Make sure you also order the seal kit and replace the seals when you change the air filter . The company shipped if very quicklyand were very professional in notifying me directly when it shipped . I definitely recommend this seller .
 These golves are GREAT ... sturdy against thorns , etc. . Soft enough for decent tactile response .
 This matched my other Schlages perfectly and I found the price to be half of what Home Depot is selling it for .
 Great lock . Half price of the Schlage Brand . Great quality as Schlage brand locks .
 This is a wonderful tool . It is durable and very beefy . Better have big and strong hands to control this saw . It is one of the most ergonomic tools I have ever used . It fits my hands and goes where my eyes tell it to go . You 'd have to be a carpenter to understand what that means .
 I have been wanting a battery power circular saw but was leery about how much power they would have and the battery life . I decided to try this one because of the Bosch name . I bought it to use out in the field for some corral boards since I do n't have any power out there or own a generator . The saw works quite well for what I did with it . I wish the battery life was a little longer since I only have one .
 I 've been wanting to make dove tail joints since I first saw them when I was a kid . However , I always thought they were out of my league . About 10 years ago I was introduced to the LEIGH jig for making joints . I was blown away and hoped that one day I could own one . Well , those LEIGH jigs are super expensive and I do n't make my living building furniture . When it was finally time to get a jig , I ran across this little machine and it 's perfect for what I wanted to do . I knew almost nothing about dove tail joints , and now I 'm making drawers in under 20 minutes.Thanks Porter Cable for making something high quality , affordable , and with `` OK '' documentation .
 I received my jig from Amazon today at 3:00 PM , Played with it and made adjustments for about an hour , and made 7 drawers with blind dovetails on all corners and assembled them by 6:05 PM . This as a great tool and I am glad to add it to my tool set . I ca n't wait to try all of the templates on future projects . I am thinking of making chairs and am trying to think of uses for this tool . Good job Porter Cable .
 This is a very well built dovetail jig . The aluminum plates are very sturdy and very easy to use once you have read the instructions 3 or 4 times . It does not mean that the instructions are difficult to follow , but the joint itself is once of the more advanced woodworking joints and complex in itself . The only reason this did not get 5 stars is that I bought the jig with the small box-joint template and was disappointed with the amount of tear-out I experienced with the 1/4 inch bit . Overall I would recommend 6this product to anyone looking for a sturdy jig .
 It takes a little getting used to , but after a few mistakes I had much success . It was just a matter of reading the directions .
 I have made 14 drawers with the 4216 Porter Cable 4216 Super Jig so far . It works great . I think it is well made and the joints come out very well . It is easy to use and can be set up in just a few minutes . I am glad I purchased it .
 Very good product.I made all new dovetail drawers for my kitchen . I watched a lot of videos before I started and made twenty one drawers.Once you have it set up you just keep on making them . Great product!Would recommend this product !! Thanks Danny
 I consider myself a novice woodworker . I have built a few garage-quality cabinets and some garden-quality furniture , but am in no way skilled enough for things like jewelry boxes or fine furniture . I did want to learn a little more about joinery , especially for drawers , and figured this jig would help . -- The Good Stuff -- * First and foremost , it is possible to make some very nice joints with this jig . It took me about 10 practice joints to really get the hang of it , but I can now produce reasonably nice dovetail and box joints . I have n't tried to make any extremely fine joints in $ 200 pieces of cherry , but have some very nice looking poplar and oak drawers and small cabinets . * The jig seems well made , free from sharp edges or rough surfaces . * It is possible to follow the directions and learn to make decent joints - I am living proof of that . While some things could certainly have been done better , they were good enough to get me started . * There are a lot of pieces and parts in the kit , but they are all reasonably well marked . It is relatively simple to read the instructions , figure out what components you need , and get started . -- The Not-So-Good Stuff -- * As a novice woodworker , the directions were somewhat frustrating . Halfway through one joint , the instructions indicate that a `` climb cut '' should be used . I 'd be happy to if I had any idea what one was . And yes , I know I could google it , but my shop does n't have easy access to the internet . Similarly , most of the photos in the instructions are less than useful . A picture taken from 5 feet away of a router and a jig is n't much help in understanding the finer points of a jig setup . Finally , the instructions are printed on a large broadsheet rather than a booklet-making it somewhat unwieldy to manage and keep from being destroyed or damaged . * There are several adjustments and alignments to complete for each joint . The adjustments for bit depth are preset , but mine were a bit off . There is also a single alignment line which must be adjusted to be in line with the intersection between the horizontal and vertical boards in the jig . The problem is the jig mark is about 1/16 of an inch in width-meaning there is quite a bit of interpretation needed to `` align '' the jig . * The major problem I had was that it was tough to troubleshoot the first joints . In my first use of each of the jigs , the first joints were anywhere from 1/16 to 1/4 of an inch out of alignment . Fair enough , but the problem is that it was n't obvious which of the various adjustments and alignments was at fault . The result was numerous trial and error joints to begin to understand the relation between joints and jig adjustments . It would have ben so nice to have a simple chart in the instructions listing the effect of each adjustment on the joint . -- Summary -- I am sure if I was more experienced at joinery , I would have had a much easier time setting up the jig and learning to use it . As it was I spent about 8 hours playing around until I really understood how the jig worked . Not a a big deal - this is a hobby to me - but I would have rather spent the time on something else.As I am learning more , the joints are getting better . Overall the purchase was a success , and I have a good time working with it . I doubt it will ever produce cabinet-maker quality joints in a mahogany jewelry box , but for my needs it seems more than adequate .
 I wanted a dovetail jig for quite a while , but did n't want to spend the money . Also , I was never sure of all the components I would need , like bits , bushings , etc.This kit took all the guess work out of the purchase , as it came with everything I needed to get started , and more . It comes with various bits and bushings . You can literally be cutting dovetails in less than half an hour from the box . I already had a PC router . I do n't know how compatible the bushings are with other routers.Setup was n't bad . I spent about an hour making a couple of tests before I had it to the point where I could make an actual joint for a wall cabinet in my home shop . The biggest struggle that I had was getting the bit depth right . The instructions are good , though , and include troubleshooting tips for the various scenarios . In other words , if xxx is happening , then increase yyy , which was perfect for someone new , like myself.So far , I 've only made that one cabinet , but it came out perfect . My neighbor came by recently and commented on it , out of the blue.These do n't look like hand made dovetails , because of the uniform spacing , but we ca n't all start off making handmade dovetails . Nor do we need them for every project.Oh , one more important point . At least it was for me . These jig can make half blind joints , but they do n't look like the traditional joints that are triangular on both faces . One face is rounded . That 's the nature of the beast.EDIT
 This dovetail jig is awesome , it is built like a tank compared to cheaper brands and is really easy to setup . Out of the box I was able to cut perfect dovetails in less than 5 minutes . The instructions are really simple and cover anything you would ever want to do with the jig . There is an advanced manual that really gets into some tricky joints . This jig is a great deal at $ 200 but becomes even better with the bits and bushings included worth almost $ 100 alone . I would highly recommend to anyone looking to do dovetail joints .
 I love this jig . Granted , I was previously using an awful $ 20 jig from Home Depot that would make ANY jig seem amazing . But still , I 'd be hard-pressed to level a criticism against this one . It 's an easy-to-use , intuitive jig.The jig arrives fully assembled , save for some minimal assembly required for the extra templates -LRB- < 5 mins . -RRB- . That was a welcome surprise.It worked fairly well right out of the box , and with one , quick round of minor adjustments , I was making tight , flush joints.There are three features that I appreciate most about this jig :1 . Aligning and clamping boards is a cinch . The guides make it easy , and once the knobs are adjusted for the thickness of your boards , you merely need to clamp with the levers to secure each board . It 's a ridiculously quick and efficient system . No finger tightening or clumsy clamping apparatuses . While some jigs seem to be built for individuals with three hands , this one is easy to operate for those of us who were only born with two .2 . Basic instructions and guides are printed and/or etched on the jig and templates . If you do n't make dovetails regularly , you likely spend a few minutes reacquainting yourself with your jig each time you dust it off . Having everything you need on the jig , rather than in a misplaced instruction book , is a nice feature that 's easy to overlook . -LRB- And by the way , the instruction book is immensely helpful in its own right -- more thorough than it needs to be . Basic operation instructions are supplemented with tips and tricks that make the process simpler . I doubt many other jigs ' instruction books are as useful . -RRB- 3 . Half-blind joints can be made w / one cut per joint , rather than a separate cut per board . I know that is n't unique to this jig , but it certainly is n't a feature of every jig . Worth mentioning.I have n't had the opportunity to use the additional templates/bits -LRB- through , box , miniature -RRB- , but if I have any problems , I 'll update this review . The 1/2 '' half-blind bit and template worked wonderfully . The bushing fits the form of the template perfectly with no play , minimizing the potential for user error . Setting the depth is easy -- I only needed one test cut plus a couple minor adjustments prior to making my final cuts . And my first pair of half-blind drawer boxes came out as good as I possibly could have hoped . I 'm looking forward to experimenting with through-joints soon , I hope .
 Very well made , excellent precision , fairly easy to use , quick set-up . It arrived with a little damage -LRB- looked like it had been dropped before shipping -RRB- . The instruction manual that came with it left something to be desired but I located a supplemental manual at Rockler.com which has been very helpful
 When my Porter Cable 4216 Dovetail Super Jig arrived , I must admit being slightly intiminated ; however , that all went away when I mounted the jig to my table and actually began the jig setup process . I am getting good results and am very happy that I purchased this unit . Wood preparation is key to getting good results . I have no issues with the order or the product .
 Porter Cable 4216 Super Jig-Dovetail Jig.I found this dovetail Jig to be one of the easiest I have ever used . Set up wasfast and easy to use and understand . In a couple of hour 's I was able to cut perfect Dovetails . I highly recommend it . Tom Rigirozzi .
 I ordered this jig from Amazon because their price was significantly less than listed on the Rockler website . It arrived in perfect condition and has prove so far to be a well-made , well-designed device . I have used it so far only to make four drawers for a cabinet using blind dovetails . After one trial run I made the 16 corners for the four drawers and the slots for the drawer bottoms -LRB- needed to order a 1/4 '' straight router bit not included -RRB- in almost no time at all . The drawers fit together perfectly , were square and tight fitting . I do not as yet have experience with the other types of joints that the jig provides , e.g. , through dovetails box joints , etc. , but expect it will work as well for those . I highly recommend this tool .
 I 've used this jig about ten times now and have finally figured out how to work it . The instructions are quite adequate , but it takes some practice to get really good cuts . I have n't been able to cut dovetails on plywood ; the bits just splinter it to shreads . But it works well on pine and hardwoods . One problem is the inclusion of two bits -LRB- for the mini template -RRB- with 1/4 inch shafts . My router is set for 1/2 inch bits , so I would have to buy and install a 1/4 inch collet or buy two additional 1/2 inch bits . I will do the latter , but the jig should come with bits of consistent shaft size . And the buyer should have the option of selecting the size bit shaft he prefers .
 This jig is easy to set up once you get past the not-so-well organized manual . With some patience , you 'll get through it.I used this to make a dovetail jointed box of ebony and mahogany . After several test cuts , I sued it on the actual material and it worked well . I 'm sure my future work will require much less test cuts as I get the hang of it . My dovetail joints were tight.Half blinds need a bit of practice as the routed round parts could show.Only downside is that I am stuck with 7-degree dovetail bits . I wish the angle were more obtuse . 7-degree does not look much different from box joints .
 Works great , the extra templates , bits , collars and hardware are good to have straight out of the box , but upgrading the bits after a couple test runs was an obvious need .
 I have always wanted to own one of these since my college days . I have taught woodworking for over 30 yrs and am still involved after retiring at home . I am always fabricating projects and am looking forward to using the jig on some samll boxes first and then on a larger piece .
 this jig does so much it is just amazing if you follow the set up instructions you will have no problems i have build several boxes off this jig and has gave me no problems
 I had a lesser jig that I could not get set right , we are talking 2 hr plus more than once trying to get a good fit . Wife told me &#34; I 'm tired of your B , , , , ing just get the one you want &#34; . So I did . A quick glance at the book ,2 practice boards , and no more than 5 min . I had it set up bit depth set and was making perfect dove tail cuts . I know that there are cheaper jigs but do n't wast your time . This set comes with all you need . You wo n't have to pull your hair out with set up , so in the long run you will save money buying less adult beverages to distress from trying to get it right.Before your other half get the chance to do the whole &#34; I told you &#34; thing get it you will love it .
 Jig is very well made and instructions are very well detailed . The material is very durable and sturdy . I have enjoyed using it as is very accurate and have markings on the jig that assist you in lining up your stock for perfect dovetails . There is a learning curve involved -LRB- as can be expected -RRB- but once you get beyond that , you will enjoy making dovetails .
 Easy to use - good instructions helped . Existing router did not fit though so more cost to buy another which did .
 This was a great deal , fast free shipping , it makes dove tailing breeze , even for the amateur woodworker . Thanks for a great product made in the USA at a great price.Steve
 This is a great tool . The only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is the directions are not very good for a first timer like myself , but after a few YouTube videos it was very simple to use .
 THIS JIG IS VERY USER FRIENDLY . IT TAKES THE GUESSWORK AND FRUSTRATION OUT OF DOVETAILS . I GOT IT BECAUSE I SAW IT ON THE WOODSMITH SHOP ON PBS . THEY RECOMMENDED IT FOR ITS EASE OF USE . I WENT AHEAD AND GOT THIS ONE BECAUSE IT INCLUDES ALL OF THE JIGS , AND IF I WERE TO WANT ANY OF THE OTHERS LATER IT WOULD COST ME ALOT MORE TO BUY THEM SEPARATELY .
 I have a Jointech cabinet makers system to do dovetails , box joints , etc. etc. . Learning to use that system was a real headache . It does a fine job and the joints look great , but because of the difficult process of making a through dovetail I thought I would get a jig to help me out . I would use the jig for the through dovetails and the Jointech for everything else.My first attempt with the 4216 met with great results . A few minor adjustments and it was turning out joints which looked nearly as good and were just as tight as a system I had spent well over a thousand dollars on.What is the trade off ? Well , the 4216 is limited on the types of joints and sizes you can make . You can do 1/2 and 1/4 inch box and dovetails , both through and blind types . You can also do rabbeted blind joints . With a little imagination you can do variably spaced dovetails ... and they look pretty good . Last but not least , you can make sliding dovetail joints.The joints ARE fairly basic ... they do n't have the `` handcrafted '' look of the expensive system . You can see the rounded sockets on the inside of the blind dovetails . The sizes of the joints are pretty limited ... only 1/2 and 1/4 inch . But if you want a quick dovetail/box joint with a less expensive piece you are buiding with almost zero hassles , this is the jig to get.For less than $ 200 you can begin to make these joints . The setup is easy . There are even depth guages on the jig to help you set the depth of your router bit . Instruction are clear and detailed . The jig is very well built and will last a lifetime . I find myself using it more and more ... even for the blind joints . I 've developed a few tricks to improve the looks of the joints ... by rabbeting the inside of the side piece a tiny bit to hide the round end of the socket . Really , for the price you can not get a better made , better working or easier to use system .
 Porter Cable makes quite a few dovetail jigs ; enough that the choices are quite confusing , especially if you find some of the discontinued models somewhere . Currently they make two lines of jigs , the 4200 series that I am reviewing here , and the new Omnijig Joining System . The differences boil down to this :1 . The Omnijig costs about twice or more than the 4200 series .2 . The Omnijig will machine wider boards .3 . The Omnijig has some really slick convenience features.But this does not mean that the 4200 series is inadequate for most woodworkers . It is easy to use , sets up and adjusts easily , and in the 4216 model will do a lot of different joints . These include 1/4 and 1/2 inch dovetails , half blind and full , box joints , and a sliding dovetail joint.The 4216 is wide enough to joint the sides of almost any drawer . It wo n't do the sides of a deep chest . Here is my take on this
 I loved woodworking in High School & after 35 years decided to have my own shop & get back into woodworking -LRB- one of those mid-life things -RRB- . I bought this & a Porter 890 router . Both awesome tools.The instructions are easy to use . Most everything you need to know is on the machine.My first open dovetail joint actually fit very well . The mini dovetail template is a got ta have , so go ahead & spend a little extra to get this & not the 4212 jig . Small jewelry boxes with open dovetail joints are very classy . With is set up you can turn out great joints in no time !
 I 've been hand cutting box and dovetail joints , and decided to cheat and buy this jig . I started out with the mini template installed and blew some 1/2 '' cherry to bits trying to cut box tails . Several attempts later , I was able to produce a perfect joint . A few tips I 've learned are below .1 . Scrap wood behind you work to prevent blowout is an absolute must . With brittle woods like cherry , support the wood on the ends as well -LRB- the top and bottom of the drawer piece -RRB- . This is best done by cutting scrap of the same thickness as the work to a dimension that matches the spacing of the template you 're using -LRB- this varies from the reg . to mini -RRB- . This way , the addition of the support wood does n't give you odd tail spacing . Alternately , hand cut the end pieces when using brittle or highly figured wood . I used the router to mark the last tail , but did n't cut all the way through . Then I sawed the lefthand tail by hand . This worked out just fine .2 . I had 2 routers , a Craftsman and a Hitachi . Neither of these will accept the industry standard P-C inserts . While this was the perfect excuse to go buy a DeWalt plunge router kit , spending $ 200 I had n't planned on spending was a bit of a bummer . Make sure your router will accept Porter Cable inserts . If it does n't , Then you can get a PC 690 on amazon for about $ 150 , but I found the routers at Lowe 's were less expensive than on amazon . Not surprising I suppose , if you consider that even if they say `` free shipping '' , it has to be paid for just the same .3 . To cut box joints you 'll need a straight bit that is not included in the kit -LRB- dovetail bits are included -RRB- . Get the best up spiral bit you can afford ! I ca n't over-emphasize how easy it is to blow out brittle or figured wood when cutting with the mini template . I had some bits from a `` kit '' that were actually pretty good bits , but , when I spent as much on a single 1/4 '' straight bit as I had spent on the bit kit , it was a night and day difference .4 . Lastly - patience . This is not a dovetail cutting machine . It is a tool and , like all tools , you must learn to use it . Do n't take this out of the box and immediately start to make a chest out of $ 14/bf wood . Plan on spending the first weekend figuring out how to set it up , and the next weekend figuring out how to fine tune the joints . If you do this , you will not be frustrated by the learning curve , and this is I think ample time to get good at using this jig .
 Excellent tool . When compared to other jigs that I have checked out , this tool rates near the top . Its not a Leigh , but its also half the price , yet with the exception of not being able to adjust each individual tooth on the fixture -LRB- which may be a blessing for me -RRB- , it has all the strength , intelligent design , and superior material and workmanship of the top of the line dovetail jigs . Packaging was very good . This is the kind of tool you can expect to last a lifetime and it does great dovetails without a long learning curve .
 Not having owned a dovetail jig before and having made the mistake in the past of purchasing a tool that did n't really meet my needs , I decided to spend a little extra and get the PC 4216 . A little reading of the instruction manual , playing with the tool , and some sacrificial poplar , I was making some pretty sweet joints . What makes this set a particularly good deal for me is the mini template included with the jig . I make small jewelry boxes and this is perfect for me . If you have never bought a dovetail jig and do n't own one than do n't hesitate to buy this one . It will take care of almost all of your needs . I could have spent a lot more money on other jigs but I do n't want to spend months learning how to use it ; I want to get out and make it productive ASAP.The shipping was on time and the package arrived in perfect shape . This is a good deal for the DIYer and a lot more .
 Works great right from the box . Used it on 4 jewelry boxs and 3 book cases plus a sideboard . Been making furniture full time for 10 years and finally decided to get a dovetail jig . This appears to be a good choice , with lots of versatility
 Some reviews said they thought the manual was easy to understand , I did n't think so at all . I got more of out finding/watching videos on the web . Note to Porter Cable ... Include a `` How to CD '' , that would go a long way . I learned quite a bit out of watching this website . . -LSB- ... -RSB- . Also , You spend the most time setting this jig up but once it is , its repeatable .
 This is quality , well constructed equipment designed to last . Read the manual and practice the various setups ... you will need to fine tune your operation with a result of well fitting dovetail joints
 Works awesome . Very easy to use . The supplemental instruction manual from the Porter Cable website is helpful as well . I have made multiple drawers out of OAK using the through dovetail jig and they came out great . Would recommend it to anyone !
 Item came packaged very well and fast delivery . Read the instructions and started the assembly . Good thing as I normally do n't do that . For this product it is a must . I made some practice cuts and made some slight adjustments and then made some pretty nice even cuts . ad a few breakouts but corrected that and finally made a nice jewelry box for my daughter .
 This is a well constructed jig . The additional templates were worth the upgrade . The setup is easy and the included booklet is informative , however I found it hard to follow . You Tube is your best friend when you first set it up . Good product that will be in use in my hobby woodworking shop . The inculded bearings and bits are nice too .
 I have found the greates router and dovetail jig ever . The ease of operation and set up on this thing is great . I purchased a set of guide bushings thinking I needed them . Do n't . This Super jig kit comes with 1/2 and 1/4 straight and dove tail bits , four bits total . It also comes with all the necessary guide bushings . This is the best value for the money hands down . It took me about 5 minutes to set-up and 5 minutes to cut all 4 corners of a 9 &#34; drawer , and it fit perfect . Great product . .
 I have been wanting a dovetail jig for quite a while . I am a beginner in woodworking but enjoy making decorative boxes . This jig will give me a lot of new joint options for all my projects . My first 2 attempts were not so good but on my third miniature dovetails turned out great . Set up is everything and by following the directions in the manual it was simple . I have never been disappointed in a porter cable tool and like the heavy duty feel of this one .
 I read through the instructions , went on line looking for a video , back to the ins . book a few more times and then tried it out on some scrap pieces I had around , every piece turned out so good it was finished up as the storage box for the jig and templates , I do recommend using two routers though , all toll I am quite pleased with this purchase . I do think Porter Cable would be wise to offer an ins . video for 1st . time users .
 These dovetail templates and jig are very well made . My only complaint is that instructions are a bit vague and it takes several times to set up on scrap wood to get tge hang of it . After that things are going smoothly . Be prepared to make several attempts at setting up and re-adjusting the setings . This jig appears to be of better quality than most others , especially for the price .
 I have owned the 4210 for about five years and it has paid for itself may times over . I ordered the 4216 because of the other templates for through dovetails , box joints , and the mini template . I also have a Leigh D4 - but I only use that for larger runs because of the setup time . I can still cut dovetails by hand when the hand craft look desired , but most people just want a strong joint.This is a nice addition to any small shop or home shop if you plan on making drawers and boxes . The half blind dovetail can help any woodworker produce professional looking drawers in minutes . It takes a few minutes to set up but the learning curve is not very steep , especially compared to the D4 . Since I make cabinets and reface kitchens I have used it many times and my clients have always been pleased with the results.The only issue is that it can get out of adjustment if you are not careful . Set it up securely and don not move it around until your project is done . This is why it gets four instead of five stars.For a little extra cost I would suggest getting the 4216 over the other Porter-Cable jigs . Even if you think you will only use it for half blind or sliding dovetails you will probably regret not having the other templates , My 4210 will be used in a tool cooperative I am starting so it will see many more drawers in the future by many more aspiring woodworkers .
 I am very pleased with the super jig . Instructions are terrific and the dovetails are perfect . The hope chest I made for my daughter was beautiful !
 Porter-Cable products have always been high quality and this tool will get a lot of use and it is up to the tasks I have for it in my projects . Kitchen remodel at the moment .
 I have n't used all features yet but it appears to be a great improvement over the Sear 's jig it replaced .
 These are very high quality probes . They are easy to use and take accurate readings . They adapt to any meter that utilizes a banana plug .
 I purchased these leads to use with the precision tips that fluke also makes . Im definitely happy about this purchase . They have plenty of length and are well made . Highly recommended especially with the precision tips for using with small wire connectors .
 I have had my Fluke since 1988 . After several sparks it was time to replace the leads . However , I was worried if the new leads would be as good as the original ones . No need to worry . These new leads are better and more flexible then the ones that came with my Fluke . I highly recommend them .
 These leads are manufactured very well and they also look really good . They function very good and is well worth the money .
 What can I say
 I found this lead set to be in keeping with Fluke quality and price.Yes they are overpriced but they are the typical high quality that Fluke is known for.I have tried off brand leads and experienced nothing but problems . If you have the money buy these . They will not dissapoint you .
 I purchased a Fluke 179 and these are a perfect addition , I am a little disappointed that these did n't just come with the meter . These test leads in combination with the Alligator clips are great for measuring your circuits .
 As for this model TL71 , they still make them like they used to . The thick rubber like material that is supple to the touch and so easy to handle -LRB- work with -RRB- and bought at a very competitive price . Much obliged with this offering .
 I have two sets of these . Simply put these are the best test leads on the market . First thing that you 'll notice is right out of the box , remove the twist tie , and they fall free and straight ! They have almost no memory what so ever ! The high quality silicone rubber jacket is flexible even in cold temperatures . I 've had mine in mid 30 's temps . Never does it feel like it 's stiffening ! For me this is a huge plus as tangled leads , in cold temp leads to aggrivation . Add in the dangers of working on switch gear and you have a recipe for disater ! Next thing you 'll notice is the banana jacks . Full length shrouds and smooth but firm fit in any 4mm jack on any meter give you confidence . These are n't going anywhere . Next is the probes themselves . Long probes with a slight texture for extra grip . Healthy finger gaurds to keep your hand from sliding forward and contacting the tip . The tips themselves are the perfect length and SHARP ! If you need sharp tips for electronics , take a good hard look at these . Finally the safety rating . They are 10A rated on current and 1000V CAT III / 600V CAT IV . Again , put simply , these are the best probes on the market for DMMs.Now the $ 25 question . Are they worth the extra expense . YES ! However I do have a few complaints . Mostly with their marketing . First is that these are not included as standard equipement with most of Fluke 's meters . That 's complete and utter crap ! Second is that my $ 7 Sinometer leads are almost as flexible and they come with caps for the banana plugs and the tips ! Are listening Fluke ?!!! Protective caps ! So I 'm very pleased with the quality of these , but there 's always room for improvement !
 Good price vs Grainger . Seem , I go through these offen since Fluke makes them very soft and they can be easily damage .
 workes well in the fluke 77 meter as i have use it for the last 30 years and work on other meters
 Top quality from Fluke as always , a trusted name obviously by the skilled sparky . It comes in a gray color which is nioce to differentiate between my other leads . The 90 at the jack is a loittle longer than the standard , getting in the way a bit but this I 'm sure is due to the extra protection granted to the sensitive often handled area .
 Rating product , not sellerI 'm using pictured above butt connectors , I have used them over 50 so far . In my opinion this is the best product on the market , try to use it along with shrinkable tubing over the butt connectors . Lifetime connection guaranteed .
 It is attractice and comfortable to sit on . . Easy to clean and instal .
 Hay ... que Pinta , Yo solo paso viendo por el hoyo del Teodolito ... Wow Show ! Si Comprenlo , es super showers
 Very bright , holds up well . Seemed cheap and not well made when I got it , but I have had it now for 3 years . Put it on the ceiling of a large closet under a stairwell . Very bright , lights the entire closet . Bulb is still working , used this closet for kitchen pantry , so we are in there a lot .
 I have previously used Lufkin tape measures because they are nice and come in a inch/metric combo like this Komelon . I have never heard of Komleon until I saw this on Amazon . I saw the price and thought `` this looks cheap and made in China '' . Well after reading reviews about the quality , I decided to try it out and I am pleasantly surprised . This tape measure surpasses the Lufkin . It 's of mostly same quality but feels better when I am holding it . It comes it a bunch or different sizes and styles . It 's easily available for order on Amazon . The blade and the inch/metric scale are very nice . I am overall a very happy and would never buy a Lufkin again .
 Nice tape , good price , most of these are much more expensive when they include metric . It 's a good size and easy to use , very happy with this product .
 I purchased these measuring tapes for my students so that they could measure in metric and standard . The are small , tough and easy to use , which is perfect for my students .
 I ordered three of these.I constantly have contractors working on my place . Invariably , someone swipes my tape measures.I need a low cost alternative to the expensive Stanley 's I had been purchasing . This unit measures up for one third the price.The housing is Ballistic plastic -LRB- like a safety helmet -RRB- and wears well with scratching , dropping , etc. . The plastic housing tends to protect the spring mechanism if the unit is dropped.The scale is easy to read and marked off in centimteres and inches . The blade is nylon coated , and , a flat yellow finish -LRB- which makes it easy to read in direct sunlight -RRB- . The tongue is stainless steel , as is the clip on the side . The steel is in place for maximum wear protection on the most used parts -LRB- the tongue and clip -RRB- . The color makes it easy to spot when I am looking for it in my pile of tools.This is one of the best buys one can make on a quality tape measure that is price-effective .
 I had searched various places in stores and online for a measuring tape with both metric and inch scale . This product fit this need.The housing is solid plastic , the spring mechanism for the tape promises to be `` professional '' grade and time of use will tell . The price was very low considering the quality . It seems excellent value for money .
 In this day and age , why are 95 % of tape measures in inches only ? Sure , the building trades -LRB- in America -RRB- only use inches and would not want confusing numbers slowing down the work . But the average homeowner/hobbyist could use a metric scale ever so often . I fix bikes , for example , and bike parts usually come in metric measurements . Seat posts are 27.2 mm or 34.9 , front derailleur clamps are 25.4 , 31.8 , or 34.9 mm . Bike frames are measured in cm , not inches . So after going to the calculator a hundred times and entering in the 2.54 conversion , I thought I could use a tape with both scales . I was not prepared for how hard they are to find!Amazon saved the day with a the Komelon line with several inch/Metric measuring tapes . I got the 16 footer , not wanting to mix it up with my other 25 foot construction tapes . It is smooth with a strong spring . Along with bike measurements , I use it for cell phone repair , as replacement parts are from Asia and guess what , they too use the Metric system.Go Bi-measureable , America , with the Komelon Inch/Metric Power Tape !
 I wish they would reinforce the hang tab , it was wiggly after only a few months of use . I do like the fact that it 's metric though ! After a short time with a metric tape I 'm betting the majority of people would wonder why they ever used inches . Figuring out the center point of 124 , or even 125 , centimeters is MUCH easier than figuring out the center point of 4813/16 '' for many of us . I know that 's a cherry picked example but especially with trim work you can end up with some really varied measurements .
 I love that this measure tape is small and has a smooth action . It 's very convenient that it has both metric and imperial units . The tape pulls out and rolls back in very smoothly . The lock works just like it should without any issues . The only odd thing is there is no marker at 4ft , instead the number is red at 48 '' I 'm probably misunderstanding the point of this as I noticed at every 16 '' interval the number is red . So at 48 '' it 's red rather than indicating 4 ' . Not too big of a deal and I 'm sure there 's some greater significance for this that I 'm not aware of . Overall a great measure tape if you need both metric and imperial in one handy compact measure tape .
 I was looking for a second tape measure that included a metric scale . I could not find one in the stores.I give this one 4 stars . the numbers and lines are clear . The metal tape is strong enough to extend a long way before bending . con
 Easy to use . Well made and overall - a must measuring tool . First time I used a nylon coated measuring tape and I 'm happy using it . It has english and metric scale . Although the casing is made of plastic material but sturdy . Recommended for professionals and DIYers .
 I was tired of my kitchen light going out every few months , so I started looking around for longer lasting bulbs . Found these and they are great . Live in WA and not much light in winter so the natural light spectrum is great . Just replaced all my kitchen light with these , way brighter than the ones I 've used from the big hardware stores . The one thing that I think is a Pro that might be a Con is that when you turn them on it take about 30 sec to reach full brightness . But I like it when you turn them on in the morning , it give your eyes a chance to adjust .
 the light i ordered came to my place in a timely manner . completely unbroken or damaged in any way the light is great it lights up my entire living room provided the toio flos lamp it was intended for . the piece is awesome and brings the room together .
 Well made outdoor light that is a good value . Bought one and then bought two more because I liked the first one so well . Available in several finishes .
 The product is exactly what was advertised and what we wanted . However , it arrived with the plastic front on one of the drawers broken . It was packed poorly , with no packing at all around the cabinet inside the shipping box .
 This product looked brand new to me . I could n't find a scratch or blemish on any piece . I would highly recomend this item .
 was very impressed with valve , does just what I wanted at a very low cost.I used it on a urinal in a little used spare bathroom in basement . Just perfect for this , in spring I 'll order another for outside shower to wash off sand from beach . Great product for these applications , alternative was 3 to 6 times the cost .
 We looked all over for this sort of valve and here was the best price on a quality unit . We installed for our subdivision pool and it gets a lot of use , has not failed yet . If you yank to hard the lever just resets . No problems .
 This self closing valve is a great value . I was searching for this type of valve to istall in my outdoor shower for use after returning from the beach . Using this valve in my shower will definitely conserve water . A great product at a very reasonable price .
 This valve is of the highest quality . Chrome plated brass looks rich . Works great , with solid return spring action . Needed longer chain so I added to it . Would have liked parts breakout diagram and lever adjustment info .
 We had an old one from 1978 that finally failed . Found this one . The spring is strong enough even to withstand kids . Our shower is as good as new if not even better now .
 Finish on valves looks great will take some time to see if it holds up in the Florida sun and salt . Works like it is suppose to . Service was on the mark !
 This spring loaded shower control is just perfect for what we needed . You pull down on the chain , hook it off on the little nail , and there is your shower , hands free .
 I ordered this lamp and love it . It was awesome . It even came with its own cfl light bulb . Came on time and box was not damaged at all .
 I purchased this set for my husband to produce my cabinet doors for my new kitchen . The price was great and he was so happy with how they worked that he is going to make new cabinet doors for my bathrooms now . A great product - Super friendly staff - an Unbelievably low price - and my husband loves it ! I will always buy Woodline
 This is an excellent value . Quality is good . The spare rollers are nice and the storage box is super .
 I own many Woodline router bit sets , including this one , and every one of them has been very impressive with no exception . The bits are very well made with perfect carbide edges and never a scratch on any of them . They can cut all day without a problem . The cuts are always very smooth even when cuts are very aggressive using the larger bits.The bits have a lifetime warranty which is an indicator of the faith Woodline has in their own product . Woodline 's customer service was very helpful and courteous in the one occasion when I contacted them about a different product .
 Great buy , taking to Haiti and did n't want to spend a lot of money . Seem like good quality product . Would recommend low impact work .
 Ca n't beat the price . Quality is not top notch , but for a one day glove , these work well .
 Nice set up - bought and gave it to my very crafty daughter-in-law . No problems with nailers and compressor is satisfactory .
 The Dewalt compressor/finish/brad nailer combo was not the cheapest alternative , but it works great . Relatively quiet compressor , no jams with the nail gun . A low price is long forgotten , but quality is appreciated every time you use it . Amazon 's service was great . It was delivered on time to my front door .
 Solid piece of machine and everything works as advertised . Portable and compact . Good buy !
 I have used these tools many times by now . There was no problems with these . Great tools .
 This combo was shipped very quickly . The Dewalt combo is a great set for a great deal . The products are very durable , light-weight , and like anyother Dewalt product ... highly efficient .
 got a good price on some good nail guns The compressor is quieter than others
 great finish nailer . we used it to install hardwood floor . it came out great . we 're very happy with the set and the floor . highly recommended
 we bought this combo to install hardwood flooring/baseboard moulding ; very happy with it.Great price . Free shipping.What more could we ask for .
 I could not believe how top notched the Dewalt D55141FNBN 16-gauge finish nailer/18-gauge Brad nailer/compressor combo kit was when it arrived . I bought this for my husband during an Amazon lightening deal . This was above & beyond a great value for this product . It was apparent to us how the DeWalt company took great pride in their manufacturing the moment my husband opened the box . Bravo DeWalt & Amazon for selling this high quality item . This is definitely a YAY product !
 I bought the nailer to install 3/4 inch wood flooring . Using the 16 gauge nailer , I was able to fire 2 inch brads throught the tongue of african rosewood flooring . A flooring nailer is recommended for this job but I was able to accurately hit the sweet spot above the tongue every time . African rosewood is much harder than oak and the nailer handled the job without a problem . I also like the versatility of having the 18 gauge nailer which I used to shoot 1-1/2 inch brads through quarter round molding . This unit is light weight but has plenty of power . For $ 300 , it is well worth the price .
 I do a lot of drywall repair and re-texturing of ceilings & wall areas . I had to replace my old compressor which weighed 50 lbs and was looking for something easier to carry . This compressor works fine , is easy to carry but does run low on compression sometimes because of the small tank . This has not been a problem for me because it does recover quite quickly . I have really enjoyed the compressor in my day to day work and have also used both nail guns on a couple of projects . They worked well and made my jobs so much easier . I am really glad that I made the purchase .
 I 'm not a pro , so I considered purchasing a much cheaper compressor and nail gun to install some trim in my home . I 'm glad I decided to spend the extra money for this tool . It 's made installing the trim a breeze . I 'm looking forward to tackling new projects using this , and it 's made me a believer in DeWalt products .
 This is my first air compressor but I have had the privilege of using many different portable air compressors -LRB- most of them Porter Cable -RRB- and this is my favorite . I originally bought this set with general carpentry projects in mind , and I am very glad I did.Air Compressor Pros :1 . Fills quickly .2 . 2 hose connections are very helpful3 . Metal plate on top protects the motor .4 . Stands up on back for storage so it takes up less floor space .5 . My favorite drain valve I have ever seen on any compressor .6 . Easy to carry .7 . Good placement of power switch on the back.Air Compressor Cons :1 . 2 Gallon air tank does not allow for much storage .2 . CFM rate is not high enough to use a spray gun for more than short bursts.Nail Gun Pros :1 . Both nail guns have easy built in safety locks above the triggers .2 . Biggest finish nailer I have ever seen come in an air compressor set .3 . Finish nailer has a good belt clip .4 . The finish nailer once got pulled off my belt and fell onto concrete pavers and did not get a single scratch.Nail Gun Cons :1 . When you first get the guns they do not come with the hose connectors installed . -LRB- They do come with the connectors and Teflon tape but you must put them in . -RRB- To protect the guns from any particles falling into them , the guns come with plastic inserts which are almost impossible to remove .2 . The trigger bump on the brad nailer gets jammed in the upright position sometimes.Accessories : It came with two accessories I was not aware of at the time of purchase . A single bag big enough for both nailers , the 25 ' hose included , gun oil , and boxes of nails . It also came with very cheep feeling safety goggles , DPG54M-1D . It did NOT come with gun oil , so to my surprise I had to make a quick trip to the local home depot and buy a $ 2ish bottle of oil . Also included are the 25 ' air hose and a bump action trigger -LRB- Which I have not used yet -RRB- . Other Notes :1 . As you should realize , this kit does NOT come with a staple gun . That can be problematic in some furniture building , especially when applying lewan backing .2 . I bought a 50 ' hose so I could have two tools attached at the same time and it really comes in handy .3 . You will also want an air gun . They are great for cleaning off sawdust . Also , as I discovered in PC support at school , the air guns are great for cleaning out 8 years of dust from computers .
 What a great buy ! I bounce from house to house installing windows and doors and this DeWalt Compressor has done it all from framing to finishing . Its easy to carry room to room and up and down stairs , definitely better than the Porter Cable pancake compessor . The two connections for separate hoses is great , especially when working with other people . The guns a very durable . I only wish the finish gun had the angled clip for tight spots like doing crown , but it still get the job done . No complaints about the brad gun . A must buy !
 Im a contractor so the four things i loved about this set in order , what a great price with shipping was still $ 40 cheaper than homx depox , its so light at 30 lbs , the roll cage made me feel like it was solid and wont get hurt in my truck , its quiet -LRB- this was # 4 because its quieter than all oil less compressors -RRB- but its not as quiet as i hoped still great but needs explaning . the sound level is like this if its in the same room you are in it will bug you in 5 min . you can still talk to the guy next to you with only a small raise in your voice , but within minutes the sound will bug you . placed in the next room it was great , no sound problems . also the sound it makes is not a annoying sound like the porter cable pancake -LRB- 2/3 times louder -RRB- -LRB- porter put out more air and holds more air so if you need a comp for more than nail gunning the porter is a better option -RRB- to me the sound level was about that of a loud vaccumme cleaner which is very good for a compressor hope this helps 5 stars because not perfect but for the money you get SO MUCH . only rated for 500 hrs -LRB- bummer -RRB-
 I have used Dewalt tools for the past 10 years and have never taken one to the shop . This compressor kit was a great value for the money but the `` pump '' died after 30 minutes of use . Fortunately for me a certified repair center was only 15 minutes from home but if you are not close to a center you might want to weight that fact in your purchase -LRB- as with any other mail order purchase -RRB- . My authorized repair center used the serial number and did not even request a purchase agreement for the free repair.Still , it is a great value and I like the nailers better than other brands I have used in the past . There are sturdy and easy to access a possible jams.My kit arrived with a travel `` bag '' but I would prefer if they had include a plastic case - being a little more rugged.It is the quietest compressor I have ever used for the 125 PSI pressure rating.Worth the money !
 I bought this combo kit a month ago and it has opened up a whole new approach to wood working projects for me . Using the brad nailer , in just a couple of minutes I can create a fixture out of scrap wood to hold all the parts of my current project -LRB- bird feeder , small table , etc -RRB- at exactly the right angle so I can assemble it easily and quickly . My stuff sure looks a lot more professional that it ever did before . The old maxim still holds true
 The first few times I put up baseboards I did them the old fashion way ... hammer , nails , punch . It always took forever . Then I rented a Hitachi pneumatic nailer and the job was much easier and quicker . Instead of renting for $ 30 a day I decided I should buy my own just to have handy . I researched a ton -LRB- probably more than I should have -RRB- and was going to buy a Hitachi because of the stunning reviews . But Hitachi did not have any good combo sets so once I bought the guns and the compressor I was easily looking at over $ 300 . This set was always on my radar as my second choice but the price was over $ 300 too.Well during father 's day weekend this set went on sale down to $ 195 , plus Amazon had an additional discount on all DeWalt tools . At this price I could not pass up buying this combo right away.I am glad I bought this set . The guns are great and do n't have a plastic feel like some other brands . The compressor is fine for all I need and easy to use . So far my compressor has had no issues and even if it does I will not be that upset ... the 16 gauge nailer in this set sold individually costs $ 10 less then what I paid for the entire combo , so if the compressor fails I still got a great deal , in my mind.I would recommend this set but maybe not at over $ 300 . At that price I think you can get a better compressor and maybe a top notch gun -LRB- probably not two guns -RRB- . But if you see this set on sale do n't hesitate to buy , you will not be disappointed .
 I purchased this set to finish putting up bead board and chair rail in my family room . Amazon had great shipping and everything arrived as stated.The guns performed well as did the tank . The tank is smaller than I expected and it had to recycle often to keep up even with a moderate amount of nailing.The tank is small and can be easily carried to whatever room or location you need to use it.I am planning to order a larger one for my shed where I can use bigger tools on it.It was a great value for the three items and I would purchase it again .
 Ive used this to put up crown molding and some built in bookshelves . Its a great tool and super easy to use . If I had to make one criticism its that only one air hose connector ships so you either have to move it from one gun to the other or go buy another one . I cant see how installing a connection on both guns would contribute much , if anything , to the cost .
 I was facing a huge amount of nailing for a renovated dining room that was to have chair , crown and panel moldings as well as new 5 '' base boards and new window moldings . I 'm a practiced woodworker but have never been any good at hand driving nails . The amount of work in front of me would have required renting a compressor , nailer and brad nailer on at least two different weekends . For a couple of hundred , I realized I could buy this rig and add it to my arsenal of power tools for not much more than I could rent it . Bought it . Set it up . Broke in the compressor as per the instructions . Read the instructions , loaded up and went to work . I know this is n't instructive but
 Excellent combination of heavy-duty nailers and air compressor kit . Dependable equipment and can do the job fast and efficiently .
 I recently purchased this item and am completely satisfied with its performance and value . This is my first experience with a nail gun and compressor set , and can only say I wish I would have bought it sooner . It works GREAT !!!!!!! I 've done a fair amount of finish carpentry work in the past , and can really appreciate the time savings this unit provides . It 's compact , easy to carry , and and lives up to the high standards that my other Dewalt tools have set .
 Good price , and great product . The only drawback is that it randomly doesnt drive the nail in all the way . Id would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a kit .
 This is a great little set for projects around the house . DeWalt customer service is top-notch , and I always buy their products with confidence . The compressor keeps pressure well , and has a good motor . I would buy it again .
 Perfect for trim work . Half the weight of my old compressor and my past experience with Dewalt compressors have proven their duralbe and can take the jobsite abuse .
 I 've only used the finish nailer so far , but I 'm very happy with the results I 've had so far . The combo kit shipped fast , a day earlier than even indicated . It 's pretty light weight for the power it can provide . And you ca n't argue with the quality of DeWalt .
 Have n't used either gun , but have used the compressor with a Dewalt staple gun and a Porter Cable Framing nailer . This compressor fills up quickly , easy to adjust the out pressure , runs quietly , and easily handled the demands of the framing nailer when building a little shed . I 'm not some master carpenter so I was n't just firing away , but was using it quite often and quickly for the floors and walls . Keep up easily with the demand . Really , REALLY impressed with the compressor so far !!
 I own a construction/remodeling company , so I use the compressor almost every day . It 's a powerful , lightweight compressor that 's much quieter than the Bostick pancake compressor I had before . I love it . I have n't used the nailers yet , however . I 'm still using other guns I previously purchased . Great value .
 This product is great , I have been using it everyday on the job and it is a little beast , portable and compact , I purchased the goodyear 50 ft rubber hose and it is a great tool added to my arsenal .
 I bought this combo about two years ago , and have used it to frame a shed , as well as to complete several smaller projects . I used the compressor with the included finish & brad nailers , as well as a Max framing nailer . The compressor will drive a 3-1/4 inch full framing nail with no problem . In fact , the first time I tried it , it drove the nail almost a half inch below the surface , and I had to dial back the pressure a bit . The compressor is not meant for all-day framing production work as it will stop to recycle every 4-5 nails . However , I 'm not a professional who bump fire nails all day , so it was more than adequate for my needs.I used the finish/brad nailers to install trim , and have not have any issues whatsoever with them . Having them sure beats having to use a hammer and nail punch , and allows for much more precise work . I 've fired nails into pine as well as oak with no problems.Some things to consider
 As a home hobbyist , this is exactly what I needed . This combination of nailers and the light weight compressor meet my all my needs . Lowest price around . I followed the price for over 6 months before purchasing .
 Gon na give this a 5 star , even though the compressor is a little lacking , and the provided PVC hose is next to useless.Mine came with the newer 16gauge finish nailer - the 51257 model . I like that as the depth adjuster is much nicer -LRB- for me at least -RRB- . Loading is a little quirky , but nothing too bad . I do n't really care much for the adjustable `` hanger '' for the gun , it always seems like its in the way . Jam clearing is totally easy , tool-less and a non issue.Brad nailer is the 51236 , a decently nice brad nailer , that goes down to 5/8 '' brads of 18gauge . Compressor ... its ok , quiet . Not really all that powerful , could use something a bit more for continuous work . Its just fine if you 're installing molding or trim , cutting pieces as you go , then nailing them in . If you 're doing continuous nailing , its not really adequate.Didn ' t come with bump triggers.Outer box reeked of insecticide . I 'm guessing somebody 's warehouse got treated before it was shipped . I had it held at UPS since they deliver when I 'm out working . Even the UPS counter man asked me about the smell , it was that strong.I do n't expect any equipment issues here . I needed to get a brad and finish nailer . I got the combo mainly to sell the compressor - its already sold BTW - and reduce my total cost on the nailers . I got $ 150 for the compressor , so that much was accomplished , and it brought my combined nailer cost down to just over $ 100 . That made it a good deal , great deal even .
 I looked at lots of these kits before settling on this one . The quality is high at what I concidered to be a reasonable price . It worked perfectly right out of the box . My wife was concerned about using this in the house with the noise but she was shocked when she saw how quiet it really is . I also picked up a 50 ' hose so for most uses I can leave it in the garage and just drag the hose around .
 If you 're doing light finish work or hobby work this is an excellent tool ! The brad and finish nailers are great . I 've not had them jam at all . The tank is just big enough to last for small projects and the cord that comes with the tool is long enough to reach even with the tank stationary . I recommend this tool to any finish carpenter or hobbyist needing the versatility and convenience of a great air compressor .
 I find that this air nailer works very well in my shop.very ease to set up an use it also travels well I would recommend this product to any craft person
 I bought this combination set for some major remodel projects that I completed recently in my house . I 've owned the set for several months now and have used it to install base molding , various floor trims and also to power an industrial floor nailer for hardwood flooring . I have had absolutely no problems with the unit and have been very pleased with the performance . The unit is very manageable to carry which is a plus - some of the pancake units are a little more difficult to carry in my opinion .
 exact replacement i needed for an aging toilet tank.old part had broken off -LRB- brass -RRB- and this plastic replacement threaded was perfect .
 I was amazed at how well it worked . I sand a variety of woods , and it removes the dust from all of them like a champ . I 'm estimating it will last the average person about 200 cleanings . The dense rubber gets eaten away as you clean with it , but seems very durable.Just for the sake of clarity , it will not remove paint gunk from a sanding belt . It does a remarkable job at removing all kinds of wood dust from the belt , but if you sand paint off a surface , you 're on your own.I would buy it again , I might buy 2 next time .
 I feel this is a bit pricey for a block of rubber , but it 's works perfectly for its intended purpose .
 Cleans up my aluminum oxide pads very well off the bench ... Kinda feels like a huge pencil eraser a person may have used in grade school as a kid ... Turn on your sander and very easily touch the pad surface and cleaner block does the rest ...
 Bought to clean skateboard grip tape . Is a lot cheaper and bigger than the `` skateboard '' versions made by skate companies . It cleans sanding belts which are just reall rough grip tape , so it works great on your skateboard grip tape . Ca n't go wrong and a lot cheaper , go spend your money on some new wheels or something .
 to the person who could n't get this to work , did you try the little known trick of twisting the knob -LRB- clockwise -RRB- to get sound ?
 I got this for a hunting trip . I used it to saw the legs off a deer and manufacture wood for a shelter and fire . I could n't believe how useful it was . I use hand saws a lot and they are a pain in the shoulder . This saw took minimal effort because the blade does all the cutting and you do n't have to apply a lot of force . Very comfortable in the hand . Slip resistant . 5 stars .
 It 's a very good saw . Very light and effective . The leather strap could be replaced with paracord to make it tactical :P .
 Price was the main reason for purchase , but was happy with the craftmanship and function . Would purchase again from this company .
 Great lock , looks good , feels solid . I bought it from my front door . I was hoping for an easy path to having one key for all my Schlage locks but this is not the case here . :-LRB- I have 2 other Schlage locks that came with a special key to allow re-calibration and be able to have 1 key for all doors . This Dexter does n't have this . I erroneously assumed that at this price range it 'd be possible . It took me a couple months to install my front door and the lock set so I did n't return it . The aged bronze looks good so I 'm not terribly upset .
 I bought two handle-sets with the intent to update my existing double front doors . I ended up returning this after the 30-day period since I did n't get around to installing them in time . Amazon still took them back , less a reasonable restocking fee.The existing deadbolt and handle-set holes on my doors were too close together . The size of the exterior plate for the deadbolt is too large for my setup . I ended up buying a similar style Schlage at my local HD that fit , but it was still a tight.Note that both product lines have lifetime mechanical warranties , however the Dexter -LRB- owned by Schlage -RRB- only gets a 5-year warranty on the finish vs Schlage 's lifetime . Overall , I found the Dexter product to be just as hefty in weight and with a similar quality finish .
 Installed on my front door and looks nice and has a solid feel . The bottom of the handle has a screw that goes all the way through which is different than many I have seen . They give you a plug to cover the screw head on the inside which some people may not like .
 Not all of us are gifted Do It Yourself ` ers and for this reason MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line DP8 8-Inch by 8-Inch Drywall Repair Patch Kit 's are the BOMB BIGGITY ! I have cerebral palsy so taking the time to cut plaster or other filler to size use tape and other professional gear to patch a hole in drywall let 's face it just ai n't happening . Spending $ 300.00 to have a `` Professional '' Drywall mechanic fix a few holes in my drywall well that 's just plain straight up crazy ! My solution ; using MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line DP8 8-Inch by 8-Inch Drywall Repair Patch Kit 's to patch the walls . Remove unstable drywall till you reach solid good drywall . Next cut the drwaywall patch to an inch wider than the size of the target stable drywall hole . Apply drywall mud as needed to cover the patch and blend the repair into the surrounding dry wall . Repeat dry wall mud applications 3 times to insure good finish since drywall mud shrinks as it dries . Wait a few days for the last application of mud to harden and sand smooth with a fine grit sandpaper . Prepare it for priming and painting and you are soon good as new and you did not waste $ 300.00 paying someone to do a job you can do yourself . The MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line DP8 8-Inch by 8-Inch Drywall Repair Patch Kit makes patching a small or medium drywall hole almost child 's play . I have cerebral palsy and autism so if I can do this right it should be pretty easy for almost anyone to have great results with MARSHALLTOWN The Premier Line DP8 8-Inch by 8-Inch Drywall Repair Patch Kit .
 I chose this rating because , this product is amazing ! perfect size for the whole I am patching . Great quality , and I will be buying more of these in the future .
 If you have a hole in the wall , this patch works well . Simple to install with easy to read directions .
 i fell and instead of grabbing the wall i accidently punched it :-LRB- . luckly though this kit covered it right up ! hole was a bout 6 inches wide and 6 inches tall . with a can of fresh paint you cant even tell i put a hole in the wall
 It will cover any area that you want it to.Big and small , it will get the job done.Overall , it deserves a 5-star rating and I would recommend this product to anyone that has holes to cover/fix .
 This product is fantastic for repairing those larger holes , dents etch in your drywall . Used it throughout our kitchen/tv room remodel . creates a strong patch ... in fact I was a little amazed at just how strong the patch was . After putting this up and adding compound you would be hard pressed to find it either visually or by pushing on the patch .
 This is a fantastic set , well-made and worth the money . When we ordered the set , we noticed that the box was slightly damaged when it arrived . We called to report it , and they replaced it very quickly ! We 're fairly new to using a router , but we are very pleased with this set . Has a nice variety of bits for trying out and learning with .
 My whole house had the old style crystal door knobs that clamped down on a metal post with screws . I hate those because the screws always come loose making handle difficult to impossible to turn . This is the ony product i can find to replace those knobs with a more modern version . This works well , is simple and a great solution to my problem . I took off a star because it only comes in gold/brass color -LRB- I would have preferred nickel or silver -RRB- and it is expensive for what you get . I would think you could still make a profit on these even at $ 10 . Still , as the only kid on the block , I was willing to pay more .
 A + ! Easy to put on and looks great on the door ! What more can I say , other than it came quickly so I could get things back to normal .
 We recently purchased an older home that had mortised locks that were changed to the newer round style locks . The old doors were 50 years old and beautiful varnished Birch . It would have been a shame to throw the doors out but someone before us had put in the Modernization plates in polished brass . They are really beautiful . We want to put them on the doors weather or not they need them to fill in the holes.They Make the door knob much more than it would be by itself .
 I have a nice candelabra in my dining room , which is at the entrance of the house.It has 8 bulbs , but 4 were blown ... so I did not turn it on anymore.There is never enough time to go to the hardware store and ... Shazam!I found these.My candelabra looks lovely again , they were just perfect , and I have a sparkling , beautiful light on my dining room again.My Lamp is brand new , once again .
 Because of the purchase of a platform bed , these sliders are excactly what I need to avoid damage to the hardwood floors .
 This is not a fancey homowner fixture . It is a basic industrial light source . They are much better built -LRB- thicker metal -RRB- than the cheaper made in Ch *** junk of similar design . Even though the listing states the unit comes with a T-12 magnetic ballast , the 4 I bought -LRB- and 3 a friend bought -RRB- came with combination T-12 & T-8 electronic ballasts , makeing them an exceptional deal .
 - Installed in a basement - Note the differences between T12 , and other `` model numbers '' and differences in the bulbs etc. - Solid construction for the price , no complaints . - Had 6 other Lithonia lights installed for about 6 years now and just added this one , other have functioned perfectly from day 1 - Installed by an electrician
 I have 4 our these in my garage , 2 on each side of a ridge beam -LRB- is that what it 's called ? -RRB- which is about 12 ' off the floor . I used these to replace the original fixtures which each had 2 sets of 4 foot bulbs . The design and quality of these is about the same as the old ones . These were less expensive than replacing the old ballasts and I could n't find the right ballasts anyway . This is definitely a utility fixture suitable for a garage , shop , warehouse . They are not made very precisely but they 're close enough . Now that they 're up I only notice how reliably they turn on and how well lit the garage is . Considering how much they cost I think they 're great .
 Ca n't get high quality fixtures anymore , USA lost that years ago . A bit hesitant about ordering this based on other reivews , but it is exactly what we needed and a value price because there is nothing I could find comparable that was any better quality . Ours came in OK , could have been packaged a little better , but no major harm done . Slight bend in metal that easily bent `` back '' . Installed fine & has been working well for months now .
 I purchased these to attach a tempered piece of glass to the back wall of a shower for a shelf holding shampoo and soap.I found these to be well made , easy to install and holding up well in a humid environment with no rust.I plan on purchasing another set and doing the same in my other bath.They were reasonably priced and the level of quality was good.I 'm glad I bought these .
 These are nice and solid . They look good . They are easy to install . They can stand the weight of large piece of glass . Currently I am using 4 of these on a glass the is 43 '' by 12 '' .
 great product . Easy to install and adjust to glass shelf for tight hold without breaking glass .
 These work great for wood shelf and look good to . easy to install just be sure to check the thickness of the wood you want to use .
 I used these to make a wood shelf and they work great . Easy to install . If you use wood be sure to check the thickness .
 Bought a set to try out and these are very nice little brackets with a perfect finish that matches our bathroom fixtures and fittings . Very easy to use and look great for a shelf that is not too deep . Bought more after this purchase ...
 This product met all my eexpectations , they look very nice , the quality is superb.served the p -LSB- orpuse for wich I bought it .
 Easy to install and adjust for the thickness of shelving plank . I installed above my bathroom sink with a tempered glass shelf for toiletries . Easy to imagine these brackets holding wooden or metal shelving boards , too .
 We installed 6 sets of these brackets . Three of them are installed in corners and three on a flat wall . I had the shelves custom cut to my design and they have proved to be a superior product .
 the only drawback is that they do n't seem to make a smaller shelf holder - or at least I could n't find one but very easy to install and looks great .
 These brackets were a perfect addition to my bathroom . They are strong , but have a much nice look and style than others that I have used . They are perfect for me !
 We used this product in our redo of the kids bathroom in our 1920 's home.The brackets are lovely , well made and installed easily . Although clearly contemporary , the finish and style complement the other more traditional looking brushed nickel fixtures . We used it to support a dark granite stone shelf and it looks great .
 This product was everything I expected in a set of jointer knives . Cut well , reasonably priced , what more could you want . BTW , I used these in a Rigid JP0610 jointer that I had trouble finding any other knives to fit . Although they were slightly deeper than the stock knives they fit fine .
 Clear instructions . Repaired my toilet . All is working perfectly now . All for under $ 20 and I did n't have to call a plumber ? Ca n't beat it . Highly , highly recommended !
 This repair kit easily installs in about 30 minutes and gave my toilet the Royal Flush . An exceptional value for the money when you consider the high cost for the same type of products at home improvement or hardware stores .
 Ordered a couple to repair the existing worn out ones.Could install them myself without any problem . It 's been a month , no issue so far .
 This Simple and well made toilet repair kit is Fantastic . It took about 30 minutes to complete the job . I needed to bend the arm that attaches to the float-for proper tank clearance . Otherwise works much better than the Fluidmaster Float System , that was being used . The adjustments for the water level , are just two screws mounted on top of the fill valve . Do n't forget the Pipe Thread for the fill valve water tank hose threads . After installing and using both the Fluidmaster and the Danco Ball-Cock Fill Valves , the Danco is the Very Best Hands Down . Moreover , a good value for the dollar , and No rocket Science needed-for smooth operation !!!!
 We bought a new fandagled unit and the toilet did not flush properly , I then found this unit at Amazon and for a good price . The unit insatlled easily into to the unit and I have not had a problem since .
 Thankfully Danco toilet repair kit came with easy to follow directions . Not much really to say except thank you for saving me some further expenses by not having to call a plumber .
 my toilet is an older one ; also not a low flow ; and i need to make repairs on my own . this kit is an exact match to what i currently have which will make it so much easier to replace . kit arrived a day earlier than anticipated and since it was `` free shipping '' that 's a real plus .
 Delivery was quick . Well packaged . I did not realize the difference between units until I had swapped the main unit . The new one was almost 1 '' shorter than the original which made final installation a little tricky with the overflow tube . The water level had to be adjusted since it initially came up to the side of the replacement . Other than that the unit has finally settled down to working well .
 I have an older toilet and had looked all over for these parts I needed and was delighted to find them here , received them quickly and now have my toilet working like new .
 If you 're looking to fix any part of your leaky toilet , this kit will get the job done . I did have to modify mine a bit to get it to work , however .
 Rather than going with a &#34; newer &#34; type of replacement , I went with this product as it was a direct match for a failed unit in a rental house . Easy installation and it 's performing well .
 I have yet to have a good experience with ` newer ' , ` smarter ' , toilet flush valves . The old ballcock approach is simple , proven , easy to repair / replace ... and unfortunately , no longer available in retail stores , in my experience . The big box stores will sell you individual pieces , at ridiculous prices , thank Neptune complete kits are available here at bargain basement prices!I have used two , and they were spot on matches to decades-old parts in existing toilets . Buy with confidence ... and flush with power ! ; - D
 great product was exactly what I needed was so easy just to look at the toilet tank and found same one at amazon , it was confusing when going to te store cuz was not sure if was the same , so I got it and right away replace it very easy just follow the instructions
 I have used this item twice , two different toilets . It is well made and works as advertised . Very simple to install . So much better than the hassle of the hardware store !
 This is a flush valve that replaces one in a 3.5 or 5 gallon tank . This is much better than the new style you get an Home Depot and Lowes .
 For sinking long drywall screws or small lags , ca n't be beat . I mate the Fuller four flute countersink to it , and gofor broke . There is some flex to it , so a steady hand is needed , especially in hardwoods . Same with a drill press.Go slow for best results . The fact that it is machined for the aircraft industry set aside , I recommend it forwoodworkers who need that length for hanging cabinets , etc. . A really good tool .
 This is a very nice product-well built . Much nicer than the one at my local store . Easy to install and looks great on my French Doors leading into my study . Just make sure you order a right and a left for your doors and do n't forget about the other side .
 Received the dummy handles for my interior french doors we installed and they look beautiful . They arrived when they said and we are very satisfied .
 I love this item . This product was much better than advertised and the price was better than any that I found other places .
 This is the second house where we have upgraded all the door knobs with the Kwikset Tustin line . These are quality doorknobs . They install easily , feel solid , and look great .
 they are very ornate and sturdy . I am glad I bought and changed these out for the cheap ones the previous owners left
 We are in the middle of updating all the handles in the house and this is just the right thing .
 This is just one of many Kwikset levers I purchased and they are excellent and a great value when compared to Baldwin Wave and Emtek . I replaced all brass handles on my interior doors with these . I used locking , dummy and hall/closet versions and shopped for best price via many sources , since I required so many . 15 doors .
 I bought these for a french door style bathroom door . They work great and match the set on all my other doors . My only complaint would be the price . to put one on each side of the doors costs about the same as a full handle set even though there are a lot less parts and should be easier to make .
 I took the plunge and replaced all of my brass doorknobs and hinges . I chose these Kwikset for their price -LRB- this was , after all , not my primary residence so I did n't want to break the bank -RRB- but I think they look and work great . Recommended .
 We purchased these door handles and latches to replace the ` builder quality ' items in our home . The new units were a perfect fit replacement including the doorframe cataches , latch mechanisms , and handle bezels . In fact , they worked better than the units they replaced - much more positive engagement , and handles were solid rather than hollow . It remains to be seen how well the plating will last , but initial impressions are very positive !
 We searched all over for this handle . The stores had the left but not the right-handed dummy lever . When we did a search on the internet your site had just what we needed at the right price .
 I bought this recently to do some trim work in the house . This thing drives 5/8 all the way up to 2 '' brads to the same depth , using the same setting . Putting 3/4 half-round and 1/4 trim up was a breeze ; I only wish I 'd had it months ago when I put up some bead board.The compressor runs alot , but what do you want with a 1 gallon tank ? The compressor is easy to use , and both it and the nailer itself are the usual high quality product I expect when I buy a DeWalt tool.This a great and handy item , and would recommend it to anybody who needs a good portable nailing system that delivers .
 I have only a small shop and I work exclusively with hard woods . I was concerned with both power and noise . The nailer is easy to use and set up . The compressor is surprisingly quiet and I was impressed with how many brads could be driven before the compressor cycled on . I have no problem setting the brads below the surface in red oak and hard maple . The price at Amamzon was better than the Home Centers making this a great value . I recommend this highly .
 I recently purchased this kit and am glad I did . It performs as well or better than anything else on the market . It 's super light weight , making it easy to carry and so quiet you barely hear it running . Anyone needing such a kit would be foolish not to get this one .
 I like the compressor and the nail gun . It works very well so far . It comes with googles which is nice.Comes on often but that is what you would expect from 1 gallon tank . Other than that I dont have anything else to say .
 DEWALT D55140 Heavy-Duty 1 Gallon 135 PSI Max Trim CompressorI recently purchased only the compressor and use it with a Grex 23 gauge pin nailer . Works perfectly . I have also used it with an old , discontinued 18 gauge nailer I 've had for years . Works perfectly . The compressor is light , quiet and dependable . It is never in the way when standing on end under the bench , when not in use . I regret not buying the package . I paid $ 142.00 for the compressor and $ 40.00 for a rubber , 50 ' hose . My final cost was $ 182 w/o the nice , new Dewalt nailer .
 I love this compressor ! It provides plenty of torque to fire nails quickly , accurately , and easily ! Light , yet powerful ! Perfect for the DIYer , I 'm a woman and I had no problems quickly putting it to work ... seemless & finishes work beautiful !
 Nailer works great . The hose did not last very long because it was fairly light duty . I 've done many jobs with this nailer and it is holding up very well .
 Lets keep the gas buring to a controlled time kids . I love it , most oif the time the fire burns out and noone notices . Set it and forget it .
 I purchased 2 of these vents , one for each end of my attic . Very sturdy and pre-painted white . Product comes with 1/4 '' standard mesh and provides 93 square inches of Net Free Area , as stated . Store where I purchased said they could special order 1/8 '' -LRB- smaller mesh -RRB- if I 'd like , but that the Net Free Area would be decreased by 33 to 50 % . They pointed out that for the longterm health of the structure , I was better off having a balanced ventilation system -LRB- where intake = exhaust -RRB- than having to punch extra holes in the side of the house in order to do so . Then they recommended a can of Raid Bee Killer for that occassional wood loving bee that may want to call my attic home .
 Great item with a great price , The same item sell in local stores if they canbe found for about twice as much . thanks mike
 I 'm not sure exactly how one can `` review '' a domestic -LRB- well -RRB- water system pressure switch . I replaced an identical switch which had -LRB- after 20 + years -RRB- become somewhat intermittent , requiring the occasional trip to the basement and whack with a broomstick to cut in.I replaced it with a new one , wire-for-wire , and once again all is well .
 Adjustable cut in and cut out set points allow you to increase pressure . Unit is well made in Mexico . Good price from Amazon .
 This was exactly the switch and preset as indicated thast I needed . The total cost was also less than going to the local Lowes and buying the imported junk they are currently stocking . Even their own reviews indicate that what they have is poor quality and unreliable.That said , this Square D seems to be excellent quality and shipped fast . I would purchase this again if needed vice trying to buy locally .
 I have well water in a 22 year old house . Old switch kept cycling on and off . Plus sometimes it would n't turn on , so I thought this switch was bad . I turned off the main power switch , drained the pressure . I found there was sand and rust in the small pipe this switch was attached . I cleaned out the rust and sand which was the real problem . I installed this switch because it was new and also because of it 's higher turn off pressure at 60 # . I would recommend .
 Took all of 5 mins to replace , much better then the no name unit from the big box home stores and the same price as the no name but a good Square D unit
 Rugged , inexpensive , reliable , easy to install . I wish I could say that about everything I buy and use . I replaced a similar -LRB- but lower pressure range model -RRB- pressure switch because I needed a higher pressure range to compensate for the pressure drop across a well water treatment system I had installed after my pressure tank .
 Replace exploded switch that gave up after the bladder failed in tank . Could n't take near continuous cycling for a long time . Pressure settings dead on .
 We bought this to replace the one that went bad on our pressure system . It works the way it is supposed to work and was a much better price than I could find locally .
 I am very satisfied with the quality and price of the PSI Switch . Would not hesitate to recommend it to others .
 What can you say -- it 's a pump switch . And it 's made by Square-D , whose been making these switches for forever.If you have a well pump , this is exactly what you need to turn the pump on and off.You can also use it to convert a simple centrifugal water pump like1/2 HP Electric Centrifugal Water Pump Garden Pond Toolinto a nice demand pressure/volume booster pump that will run only when additional flow/pressure is needed . Great for sprinkling or car washing with low home water pressure , as is often found on well systems.Regardless of your use , I bought this at Amazon instead of , say Lowes or Home Depot because -LRB- at least locally -RRB- both those chains have stopped carrying well pump switches and most well pump hardware -LRB- pressure tanks , etc -RRB- . It 's getting hard to live in the country any more without Amazon !
 I have used the measurer only a dozen or so times . Each time , the measurements are what I had expected , plus or minus an inch or two . I would definitely recommend this product as it is easy to carry , quick to measure , do n't have to roll out a measuring tape , and accurate -LRB- which is the # 1 reason I bought this -RRB- . Only negative is that the when it displays the measurement , it seems to disappear relatively quickly -LRB- ~ 5 seconds ? -RRB- .
 This kit is something you need to have in the garage or your toolbox . It has some of your common size rubber washers and gaskets . Your flat washers and beveled washers are good quality products . The extra screws come in handy if you need one . The ring gaskets are for your bigger pipe fittings ; 1/2 '' and larger .
 I a completely rebuilding a 100 year old house and I used these on all of the doors in the house . They do not look cheap at all . They are well made heavy duty knobs and they look wonderful and give the house the old character that it needed . I have gotten a lot of compliments on these knobs . And the service was wonderful . The seller kept me up to date and Amazon made ordering them so easy . I love , love this product .
 This is a well built multimeter -LRB- rugged -RRB- , it measures temperature also , very accurate .
 I only used this product a few times , so I will speak from limited use ; but the product seems very accurate and precise . It has both a metric scale and SAE scale etched into the tool and additionally comes with a conversion table in the case . The case is solid and the locking mechanism functions well . Great buy !
 I used this to torque the head bolts on my lawnmower engine after I had to replace a blown head gasket . When I put the motor back together , it ran and the head gasket has n't blown again . I wish I had more projects to use it on.UPDATE -LRB- 2-9-12 -RRB-
 The quality was excellent . Easy adjustment.The torque rating was an impressive 250 in lbs . which is hard to find in a 1/4 in . wrench . Highly recommended
 I 've used this on a few projects now , and I 've been very impressed.The mechanism has a good feel when it reaches your torque setting , with an audible `` click '' . Relatively easy to read , and the torque values line up properly with the stamped in marks , which takes a lot of guesswork out.The only real negative that I can see is that it feels slightly inconsistent with really low torque values . You lose a good amount of accuracy in that last 20 % of a torque wrench 's range , so I 'm not too worried about it.Great value for money , it 's a quality tool with no real flaws .
 Generous size and very colorful . My son noticed it immediately and loved it ! Comes with matching screws , too .
 I ordered this bar because it matches my Purist faucet perfectly . It is of excellent quality but I think it a bit expensive . That being said , I 'd buy it again . Very heavy-duty with a bright polished finish .
 Solid , sturdy , heavy duty construction . Easy to install . Simple , but beautiful design . Perfect for modern or simple traditional decor . No unnecessary adornments .
 Just what I needed for my new bathroom ! High quality and easy to care for :-RRB- . A nice touch of luxery ...
 The towel bar fit the location perfectly . Was concerned that it might crowd the space . Both bars look great and compliment the plumbing fixtures . Amazon came through on time and @ a great price .
 Very serious mortising bit I use in a semi-automated machine for my woodworking business . I have and will buy more . Hold up well , stay sharp and most certainly cut well . Very pleased .
 I purchased mine at the orange vest store and it was as good of a deal as I could find anywhere at the time I write this review . I 'm giving this unit 5 stars , although I had to return the first one I bought due to a faulty regulator . I was not getting any reading on the output , but the tank pressure was 140 . The second one I got worked fine and tank pressure is actually 152 . I loved the fact that I was able to drive down to the store and replace it immediately after releasing the pressure and draining the faulty one . I contacted Porter cable prior to calling the orange vest store and they told me I could either bring it to the repair shop or return it for a new one . I called the store and they said to bring it right down . I did not have to pack up all the guns . They just opened a new one and gave me the compressor , which made me very happy that I did n't have to pack the old one up.I 've only used the stapler so far , and it works great . It did n't take me long to figure out how to regulate the pressure and the depth of the staple . I was stapling luan to pine and had to turn the output pressure down to 80psi and turn the depth of the staple down as far as it would go and it worked great . No misfires on a couple hundred nails . I will add to this review after I 've really got some good use out of it.I read the instructions and they have you run the compressor in with the drain valve open for 15 minutes prior to pressurizing the tank and using it . That was no problem , and I suggest to anyone who gets one of these to put it outside when you do it . It 's rather loud.I 'm not having any problems with the hose being stiff but it was 65 degrees today so that could be why . I do plan on getting the yellow 50 ' Goodyear hose that Amazon sells . It gets great reviews and people say it 's just as good when it 's freezing out.This unit is pretty light , at around 38lbs I believe . The handle is comfortable and carrying it is not awkward in any way really . It seems to be of good quality , and the directions are n't bad to decipher at all.The reason I bought this where I did was because so many poor reviews I 've read about compressor/nailer combos were poor because the item arrived badly damaged . I knew that the orange vest store would recieve the unit palletized and unloaded with a fork truck . The box was in pristine condition . I can tell you that it was packaged pretty good but certainly not good enough to ship it through someone who treats it poorly or allows it to fall over . There 's no foam packing material , just one piece of not so heavy duty cardboard and then the guns in their cardboard boxes are used as the reinforcement.I 'll keep you posted . I 've got a dresser to repair , more luan to install , crown molding , baseboard and shoe molding to install . I 'm also going to bring it to my families cottage to repair any ice damage to the dock and build a door underneath our modified A-frame . If I can swing the cash ... NEW SHED ! ! ! I 'm going to borrow a framing gun from my neighbor and see how she does . It should be able to keep up with a shed . I 'm not a pro so it 's not like I 'm going to be putting in nails as fast as a pro could do it . That 's not fun when you 're not making any money .
 I have never owned a Porter Cable , and even today I still do n't ... but I wish i did . For about a month I had borrowed my friends CFNBNS to do everything from nailing down 1000 square foot of tong & groove bamboo to putting up trim . First off , the nail guns are built solid , and have that quality feel in your hand , this is n't Ryobi or lower-end Ridgid , it feels like your holding something that will last for a lifetime , and it shows since my friend has owned & used this model extensively as a contractor for over 4 yrs without a single hiccup.All three guns can be held comfortably & are designed well . They fire easily & have dual safety features , all 3 guns can be dismantled easily & work flawlessly . From my use of firing over 3000 + nails , it worked flawlessly without any jams & worked with 2 '' bostitch brads & staples . The only small complaint is , you can easily run out of nails & not even know it , since it leaves a small recession in wood caused by the high air pressure , so keep your eye on the magazine otherwise you 'll be spending 10 shots making indentations instead of firing nails.The compressor on the other hand is loud -LRB- so be sure to unplug it when your sleeping , unless you enjoy sleepless nights -RRB- , but that 's expected from pancake compressors , since my new bostitch is almost as loud . On the other hand it kept pressure evenly & spends only short spurts running . The tank is light & easy to carry on the job & can be placed easily in a small closet incase you wanted to hide it away when not in use . Sometimes the male end of the air hose would have a slight air leak -LRB- probably due to years of use -RRB- , but that 's an easy fix by tightening the adapter , for the most part there was no leaks.I 'm extensively happy with the kits since everything is so compact & built so solidly . I 'm now a fan of Porter Cable !
 no problems yet . compressor fits anywhere around and is very manageable . i like the fact it has 150 psi . nail guns work with no hitches . must have for all wood working projects .
 This product works great . It was at a great price and was shipped by Amazon free , and I received it very fast . I ordered it on Thursday -LRB- Thanksgiving -RRB- and received it on the following Tuesday . Not bad for a weekend and Holiday ! I shopped all over for this product and compared it to similar products . This was the best price and you receive more bang for your buck . You can believe this or go to Home Depot , Menards , Lowes , etc and compare like I did . I have borrowed this product from friends and it worked great in building a cabin . Another important issue was that my generator 3000 watt handled it great . Bigger is not always better . I have also used a roofing nailer and framing nailer with this and it also performed well . I would recommend both this product and purchasing it from Amazon .
 My first compressor - and I 've now used all 3 guns and painted , and blown , and guess what - it all works great ! Loud , yes , but that 's what it takes to keep the pressure up - no problem . Go for it .
 I got this last summer and have used it around the house for baseboards/trim/building furniture to hold prior to the placement of screws . This is noisy at first , but once it 's full , it works like a champ . I have had no problems , and can even provide a bit of a screw up on my part that made me realize how well constructed these are.I was nailing in the frame of a pre-hung door and the lighting was bad and I ended up trying to put a 2 '' nail into the frame , right where the hinge was located . So , needless to say , the gun shot and crumpled the nail and the gun jumped and I thought it broke when I realized what I had done . The only thing that happened was the rubber footing popped off , and that was it , the next nail fired just like it was a brand new gun , no problems since then either.Keep it oiled prior to use and it will keep the guns in great shape!I would suggest this to anyone needing that extra hand , I do n't know what I would have done if I had to actually nail in the boards/framing/furniture . It 's well worth the price !
 Like everyone else has said on their reviews ... the compressor is LOUD . Not a big deal since the hose is long enough to allow you to set the compressor in another room . The tools are great , no jams yet , simple to use , simple to clear if a jam does occur . Once you use them you 'll wonder why you waited so long to buy them .
 Compressor runs great . The nail guns are easy to use . This is a great set for a first time nail gun purchase . We live in a rural area and this compressor has come in very handy on several occasions . I keep the compressor along with a long extension cord in the back of my van . There are times when bumping along on the old back roads of Texas we have encountered air loss in the tires . Since the compressor will hold the air for a long time I keep it filled with air . Whenever I need air or run along a neighbor with a tire situation I am ready . Put this along with a tire air gauge and your jumper cables in your car or truck .
 Bought this for $ 299 a couple of weeks ago . Was a little hesitant about the compressor as many people report that it is too loud . Perhaps this set my expectations low , but I did not find the compressor to be any louder than any other compressor I have been around.The box came undamaged and all components were packaged securely . Shipping was fast as well.I found all three guns to be quality built and easy to load after browsing each manual for about a minute.I have but two complaints
 I have had these nail guns for several years . I purchased the set without the staple gun for $ 299 . This is an incredible bargain and you will find thousands of uses for these nail guns . I use the 18 gauge nailer the most to assist with glue ups . I have never had a jam with any PC nail gun that I use . -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- The compressor is a little loud for my tastes . If you will use this in an enclosed area like a basement , I suggest making a cabinet for it to muffle the sound . Fine Woodworking magazine - Tools & Shops annual issue - on page 106 gives an illustration of how to make one . It works.December 7 , 2008 Update
 I 've had my new nailer system for more than a month now and I have to say that it 's one of the best tools that I have ever purchased . You get professional looking results with less effort and skill . The nailer allows you to put things together that would be impossible with a regular hammer and nails due to the repeated pounding with a hammer . So enough gushing praise , let 's talk details.The compressor is n't as loud as I expected -LRB- after reading other reviews -RRB- but it does make noise . There is a built-in handle on the top which makes moving it relatively easy . The system also comes with a 40 foot air hose , so if the noise bothers you , it 's possible to put it far enough away -LRB- or around the corner -RRB- so it wo n't be too annoying.The staple gun , brad nailer , and finish nailer are very high quality and made of good solid materials . They are easy to load and very easy to use . I have not seen a single jamming event yet.The carrying case is also quite handy for keeping things together and clean.I 've done a few trim work projects , whipped out a bird house in under an hour , and put trim on some doors . I 'm dying to refront our fireplace and add crown molding to the dining room . This nailer makes all the difference in the world for speed and ease.Bottom Line
 I have owned this kit for three months now and have used it frequently . I do n't think there is a better compressor/nailer/stapler combo available.I have used all of the air tools and have not experienced a single jam . The compressor is , as other reviewers have noted , rather loud.I have had some problems with the regulator . The output pressure frequently varies from 10 psi below my initial setting to 5 psi above . This occurs one to four times per day . I assume this is specific to my unit since no one else has mentioned it.The bleed valve is prone to damage . The valve is logically placed on the bottom of the tank , but can easily be damaged . I have not damaged my valve , but I am very careful to handle my tools carefully in order to protect my tool investments . If PC were to construct the unit with slightly taller feet , this would be less of an issue.The power cord plug does not have a molded clamp feature such as is found on vacuum cleaners and other tools . I do not understand why all power cords do not feature a clamp or similar mechanism to secure the cord.I followed the valve-open breakin procedure described in the manual . I also run the compressor for a minute with the valve open in order to warm it up each day . This is n't described in the manual , but I feel that it will extend the life of the unit.I pick up my compressor and rotate it at the end of the day in an attempt to fully drain the accumulated moisture.I plan to purchase a heavy duty , oil type compressor next year . The PC air tools are of much higher quality than the compressor . I do n't expect the compressor to last as long as the tools , but I am quite satisfied with the overall quality/price of the kit . I recommend it as the first compressor/tool combo for a contractor or a long-term purchase for the serious DIYer .
 I have two of these nailers the 16 gauge and 18 gauge and have used them in my construction business . . I bought a similar combo a few years ago . . but this is a better deal than the one I got . I love the nailers . . bulletproof . . I recommend them.John Helderman
 I purchased these nailers and compressor along with a framing gun to build a deck last summer . Framing gun worked perfectly each and every day on rough cut 2x6 cedar . The finish and brad nailers have worked with out flaw on trim and many other household projects . I spent 299 on the framing gun alone . This is an incredible offer .
 I bought the Porter Cable Three Nailer and Compressor Combo Kit because we needed a finish nailer and a brad nailer , as well as a portable compressor that I could use with other tools . I wanted Porter Cable quality and looked everywhere for the best prices and nothing came close to this combo kit.The Porter Cable quailty is superb . The nailers are built to handle rough use , but they are lightweight and solid . You can use them on long jobs without your arms getting fatigued.The compressor is perfect . Another reviewer here mentioned that the compressor was loud . I guess it does n't seem that way to me . I have had other small compressors that were a lot louder . Besides compressors by their nature are loud . The motor turns on when it has to to fill the tank and shuts off fine , and the air hose is long enough to work at quite a distance away from the noise , so I hardly know its running.Each one of the nailers drives their nails/brads straight and true , and none of the wood work finish shows marks of any kind . The nails load easily and are not that expensive at the local Lowes or Home Depot.I highly recommend this combo kit to anyone , and if you do not need all the nailers , I highly recommend each of the nailers and the compressor individually as it fits your needs .
 Hi everyone , I have had the PC kit for a couple years now and have used it many times on a variety of applications from larger construction down to very small projects . I am totally pleased with every aspect of this product . I upgraded the airhose , but the one that comes with it will work just fine . The guns that come with it all perform great . PC also makes a good roofing gun that works great with this compressor . You ca n't go wrong with this one . Take care .
 I had borrowed my neighbor 's Campbell Hausfeld a few weeks back to hang some beadboard on the front porch and started researching what i could get that would allow an aspiring woodworker and home improvement dad the best bang for his buck . Got it Friday with free shipping and no sales tax and built a storage shelf for the garage saturday . Need to get the framing nailer though . It is a little loud but so far , it 's all I need and the nailers have performed flawlessly . Pretty portable as well . Thanks to everyone here who took the time to write a review for me and others to read . I read them and re-read them for weeks trying to make sure I got the right piece and I am very pleased with it .
 I have owned and used this set for almost a year now.The guns are all very well-balanced , quality engineered . Never had a jam and always felt extremely comfortable . I find any excuse to break them out . These things will probably out last me!The compressor is also of obvious quality and very convenient size . Easy to operate and nice adjustment capability on the regulator . Plenty of air to run the guns . It is , however , extremely LOUD !!! Considering the retail price of simliar individual componants , this is a great value buy . I strongly recommend this set to any homeowner .
 I was actually only looking for a brad nailer and figured I could getone of the electric ones from Arrow or Craftsman . Tried both and theywere horrible . My brother-in-law recommended air-tools , and suggestedPorter Cable . I went with this kit , and also bought the pin-nailer . I love it . I have n't used the stapler yet , but I did loan it to myneighbor and he loved it.Bottom line ... this is an excellent deal . The only caveat to this write up is that I 've only had it 2 weeks . Hopefully in a year I 'll still like it as much as I do now !
 I should have purchased this compressor a long time ago . It saved me hours of time . Easy to use and the hose is long enough to allow me to work on several projects with moving the compressor .
 Have only had occasion to use compressor and one of nail guns , no problems . Product was packaged well . Have owned this type compressor in past-they are durable and portable and super loud .
 I just received the compressor and nail guns today . I went over everything very carefully and the compressor seems to be a solid and well made unit . It is noisy as some had indicated but not nearly as much as my heavier non-portable unit . The portability factor is why I made this purchase and it lives up to that quite well . I will be using this around the house , especially upstairs and with our RV for tire inflation -LRB- 110 PSI tires -RRB- . It wo n't be used in a heavy duty environment nor will it be used for more than an hour or two a month at that . If it lasts 100 hours then that will be 4 or 5 years . I expect it to last at least 10 . If you 're looking for a good deal on a light duty compressor , this is the one for you . If you want one for commercial use , buy something else .
 I have had this for about 6 months . It is so handy to be able to grab a gun and pow pow its done ! Compressor is pretty noisy , but I usually wear ear protection in the shop anyway . The compressor has plenty of power for grinding air tools and sanding too . The price is reasonable ... no it 's down right ... CHEAP ! for the first rate qualitity you get . PCable this is a winner and every home shop should have one ! Add a retractable cord reel and it makes this even handier to reach for .
 A must have tool for moilding or wainscoat projects.Performs well but is EXTREMELY noisy .
 This was a very good investment . We were building a house and this was a great time saver with an air nailer it made things go much faster and smoother . Very good quality .
 Bought this kit for $ 300 at the local hardware depot . First air compressor tool set for me . Compressor instructions were very thorough , making set up very easy ! Compressor is quieter that my smaller one , and only recharged once for all the trim work I was doing . Nail guns work extremely well . Was pinning up white primered trim and door jams , no greasy spots left behind . Nail depth set level adjusts easy . Guns were all too easy to use , load them up , connect the quick disconnets , and fire away . Nice part is the air hose allows you to change tools while it is under pressure . Would highly recommend to anyone doing finish work around the house !
 I do n't own this one , but the last reviwer stated that the warranty forthis unit is one year VS the Bostitch 7 year warranty , but when i checkedit out , the Bostitch only cover the power fasteners for 7 year , the air compressor is still only has 1 year warranty , not 7 !
 I bought this set primarily for woodworking . I thought I would use the brad nailer mostly , but I find myself using the other guns for many things.I first bought this set from an online tool store and had to send it back right away because the auto shot off was not working properly -LRB- the compressor is supposed to stop by itself after reaching 100-120 psi , but did n't -- the security valve was working , thanks a million ! -RRB- So please make sure the security valve operates freely before you turn this thing on!I bought another set from Amazon as replacement and everything works great -- even better than expected . The guns are very comfortable , settings are very intuitive and no need to read the manual each time I want to use a different gun , change nail size , or change the pressure applied on the nail.The compressor is a little noisy , but does n't come off very often . I recently installed trim + baseboard in a big bedroom and the compressor had to restart only once or twice during the entire job.Great tool , great price . I would buy it again !
 First of all , great products ! The package came in time after about 1 week after my order was placed , 2 nailers/1 stapler and the air pump are nicely packaged together . It 's easy to move them around the house or lend them to your relatives :-RRB- . I had concerns about the noise , it turns out it is better than expected - The noise only lasts a few minutes before the air pressure has achieved the threshold -LRB- I have set it to 125 PSI -RRB- . After that , it only kicks in once after 2 hours!I 'd keep it for the whole house wood work , and I highly recommend to anyone who 's interested in getting one , too . I have owned a Porter Cable belt sander , and this one is an even better product.Disclosure
 I bought this compressor kit to mount doors and trim in a house addition . I 'm not a carpenter but this tool makes my work go fast . Bostitch has a similar but heavier kit for about the same money at Lowe 's . I found that when I 'm going up and down stairs with a compressor weight matters a lot!High quality guns have n't jammed on me yet . As for the noise , , , yes it 's noisy , but they all are . Put the compressor in another room and you 'll be fine ... Just remember to switch it off before bedtime if you have to leave it in the house overnight -LRB- the compressor blew me and my wife out of bed when it cycled on at 2 in the morning ! -RRB- . The guys that did my kitchen cabinet installation recommended this compressor and I 'm glad they did .
 I saw this product on DIY or HGTV and told my husband about it since he had been wanting to get one of the huge air compressor units with attachments , to renovate our home . I just could n't see the huge ones working in our house - spacewise . He told me that there was no way we could afford a `` Porter-Cable , '' that it is industrial and to forget it . Well , I went to the internet and started doing research and found it here on Amazon for a great price , with attachments and bag . He was so excited and ordered it right away . He is so happy now with his Porter-Cable set .
 I bought this kit for the guns , which are quite nice . I did not expect much from the compressor . It is small , runs a lot when I am using the guns , but does the job . After I had had it for a month , I had an issue with the compressor leaking air . I called CPO and they immediately sent me a new kit and arranged for FedEx to ship back the old one at their expense . I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the service . I would deal with CPO again .
 I 'm not a pro but a homeowner who grew up in a family of tradesmen and enjoy working on my own stuff . I bought these guns to build and trim-out a fireplace mantel I was retro-fitting over my old existing brick fireplace . Nail guns were never really budgeted for me as I 've always felt they were more of a luxury if I could simply swing a hammer and nail set . I am now older and wiser . While I ca n't speak to how this might hold up to the rigors of daily use , my experience with each of the guns was nothing but positive ... well made and solid . Well worth the money spent and what a time saver . While others have commented on the noise of the compressor , I found it to be a non-issue . It 's a compressor ... and once the tanks full , only sounds off when cycling . Really not bad at all . I 've had no jams . Excellent value and product . My dog however goes under the bed and scratches the carpet every time I use it ... not enough of an issue to degrade my star rating however . Now on to accessories !
 This is a perfect starter kit . Only one minor complaint , the dran valve is slightly higher then I would like so you have to tilt it to drain all the water out .
 this porter cable unit works great . . it 's a little loud , but all compressors are loud . . easy to set up and easy to use ... price was great ...
 I 've used this compressor and the accompanying nailers for a month . So far , this combo kit has been worth the money . I used it install interior trim.Noise was not a problem . I purchased a 50-foot hose that allowed me to operate this compressor outdoors . The compressor worked well and provided more-than-adequate air flow and pressure to operate the pneumatic nailers . The compressor has two connectors that allow simultaneous operation of air tools using two hoses.The nailers -LRB- 16-gauge finish nailer , 18-gauge brad nailer , and narrow-crown stapler -RRB- are good quality and worked well . The instructions suggest putting 4 or 5 drops of air tool oil in the air inlet coupler before each use . I followed those instructions and had no jams or other problems .
 My only regret is not having purchased this sooner . The nailing guns are lightweight but very sturdy and responsive . I 've used it to install 1x4 t & g subfloor and beadboard wainscotting and the tools have not jammed once . The compressor is also fairly lightweight and small , so it 's easy to carry around and store . Definitely pays for itself very quickly in time saved over hammer and nail set !
 You ca n't beat this kit for the price . It 's alot cheaper online than at Home Depot . I was told the compressor and the three nailers were a good average kit , but I think they 're above average . I ordered a PC framing gun right after I received the combo kit because they seemed so well made . These are the tools to own wether you use them daily or monthly . You ca n't go wrong .
 The compressor combo kit arrived in a timely fashion andit is working very well.I have not used it extensively butit seems to be a great value .
 Great compressor that beats home depot pricing . What I saved I bought the Campbell Hausfield attachments . Great compressor for trimming out the inside of a house . Good for other stuff too . Just new at it . Brother has one and he used for the entire construction of the house and it 's still working .
 This 3 nailer setup w/compressor works great and you wo n't find a better deal than Amazons $ 279 w/shipping .
 Great quality , no jams , misfires or anything else . compressor is small enough to bring inside the house . do n't stop here ... get the framing nailer too !
 prosits lightcompact -LRB- you can toss it in the back of your truck -RRB- its so light you do n't feel the need to find a spot on the floor for this one -LRB- its oil less -RRB- so its not so imp . where u put itlot of air to frame a houseor texture a roomor 3 trimmersbig tank for hand carrygood priceconsits so loud that you can not talk to someone in the room without yellingwhen i say loud what i mean isopen the hood of your car lean over the engine think v8 1987have someone rev the motorthats exactly how loud it isso if you can live with noiseget it its greati cant
 Like this pancake compressor . However , I bought this only to find it was not very portable and pretty heavy . So I got a plant pot roller from the local hardware store , put some plywood on top , painted it bright red to match compressor , and put compressor on the rolling cart and it works great . So much easier .
 This is an easy to use , very high quality nailer kit . You can use the compressor for more than just the tools it comes with too . The compressor is a little loud , but it comes with a 40 foot hose so you can place it far away from you . I 've been doing trim work with it and it does a great job .
 Really a great value . You get three air fasteners and the compressor for around $ 300.00 , That 's awesome !!! If you are a newby to pneumatic fasteners and do n't know which ones are good and which are not good then I suggest you get this setup . Simple instructions and care and the piece of mind of having Porter-cable tools . I really enjoy mine .
 This is my first , and likely last nail gun set , it 's so well built , at least the guns are.I bought the set to use doing trim work and light duty wood work in my shop . So far the only complaint I have is the compressor is pretty light weight . It 's loud and not very well built . I had to fix a couple of minor leaks prior to use , nothing serious , and for the price I should not expect more ... but I did , from porter cable.That aside , the guns are great , no jams and they drive very consistantly.I looked at the other three gun combo 's , all offer about the same value , but the porter cable name carries some weight with it.Very happy so far
 I ca n't believe I did n't buy this tool 10 years ago . It would have saved countless hours of frustration , bent nails and cuss words . I used it to put up some crown moulding in my living room , and I had it up in less than an hour , with no bent nails , no smashed fingers , and no split wood . In other rooms , it 's taken 4 times as long , and not as good of a job . I highly reccommend all human beings who do any finish carpenty at all purchase this item .
 Bought this product to put up crown molding . I ca n't believe I lived without a nailer all these years . I 've used it for another project also with great results . The nail hole is so small you bearly see it . My wife just had to try it on scrap lumber . Could n't stop her from wasteing nails .
 Great Investment . I wish I had made this purchase years ago . The tools are very easy to use and appear made very well . I installed various types of molding in a 1500sq foot house in less time than it would have taken to do one room with the traditional hammer and nail technique . No jam or misfires either . Another great Porter Cable product .
 Just wanted to note that it appears this model is being phased out in favor of the PC3PAK.I decided about a month ago to get the CFNBNS kit . When I went to make the purchase at Home Depot , they only had one left . The rest were were the newer PC3PAK , which I chose . For the record , HD had a low price already , and they 've dropped the price another $ 25 as part of price cuts they are making due to the recession . On June 27 , 2009 it was $ 275 in the store . So there were no delivery fees.Some of the changes in the new model-Compressor has been redesigned -LRB- Model #C 2002 -RRB- - * The compressor assembly on top of the tank is flatter . Did they keep the same motor/compressor and lay it on its side ? Maybe . The specs are the same as the old one . * It now has a plastic shroud with an integrated handle for easier carrying . A big plus . * There is now a plastic cowling surrounding the gauges and regulator to provide a measure of protection that was missing before . Not as good as a metal roll cage , but better than nothing . * There is a bracket integrated into the housing for wrapping the power cord . Not something that would make me choose this over another brand , but a nice touch . * It 's still very loud , hence the 4 stars . I was hoping the new plastic shroud incorporated some sound deadening , but it does n't appear so.The guns included also appear to have been redesigned . * No oil required ! I called the company and they said , not only is it not required , it 's not recommended . * The magazine assemblies on the guns are made from industrial-strength nylon or plastic . It appears to be very sturdy . One possible advantage over metal assemblies is that they wo n't get bent out of alignment if banged about . But , how much of an impact will they stand ? I do n't know if the previous model guns used metal or plastic assemblies , I did n't check that closely . * These guns are Porter Cable 's new line of guns , kit or no . I thought at first PC might be incorporating cheap models into an entry-level kit , but these are the same model numbers listed on their web site for single purchase.The hose is 25 ft. PVC.All-in-all , I think it is still a fantastic deal . I do n't have a need for all of the guns right now , but dollar-for-dollar it made no sense not to buy the kit , and I 'm sure I 'll need all 3 guns at some point.As an aside , I would like to have seen hard cases for the guns because they bang against each other in the bag . I do n't know if this would eventually damage them , but just in case , I made cardboard separators from the flaps of the box it came in to layer between the guns .
 I bought this product to build a fence , using composite lumber -LRB- very dense , multiple times harder than wood -RRB- . I used my trusty electrical nailer and it could not penetrate the word planks . Using the brad nailer and the finish nailer , I turned the depth to the middle position , still not sure it would penetrate . Well , it worked beautifully . I could have penetrated two or even three boards with one shot if I wanted -LRB- and did two thicknesses often -RRB- . I built the 55 foot fence with absolutely no problems . Of course , I wanted to nail all day . Set-up was a breeze . I have now bought other tools to use with it . The feedback I read before buying said not to use it for sustained uses -LRB- painting -RRB- , but using a cut saw is not problem at all . For the money , outstanding !
 Thank you for this product . It serves my purpose well . Your staff , who handle problems , are very helpful and polite . Their conduct and efficiency invites me to utilize Amazon.com for all my purchases . Thank you .
 Great set up for the average person . I used this set up to finish my basement . I continue to use the set up for other applications , and let friends use it as well .
 Great outfit for the price , I 've used on a few projects and saved much time and labor.Its the way to go.Many projects can be accomplished with this set up .
 This unit is a real workhorse . If you break in the compressor properly as the instructions tell you how to do ... it works great time after time . The finish nailer is very powerful , and the smaller brad nailer is just right for trim work . Have n't had a need to use the narrow crown stapler yet , but even without that it would still be worth the $ 279 I paid . Throw in free shipping to my doorstep and it beats what 's available by driving to the big box stores . My only issue with Porter-Cable is I ca n't buy replacement nail strips for the 16 gauge finish nailer at my local lumber yard . The nail strips they have are 15 gauge and do n't work with Porter-Cable nailers . But I did find a Porter-Cable dealer in the next town who does have the correct fasteners to use with the finish nailer . I would recommend this combo nailer compressor kit to anyone like me who has been pounding nails ... these air tools are like having a third hand . Great tools , great price .
 I have used the compressor with the finish nailer and stapler that comes with this kit , as well as a PC framing nailer I bought separately . It is loud and if at all possible , I try to keep the compressor in a different room from the one I am working in . Other than that , it has made my crown molding project a breeze compared using a hammer .
 Nice kit super fast shipping . Every thing worked perfect straight out of the box . Having used a lot of nailers , this kit is A plus and you cant beat the price . I really like it , very nice .
 I love this compressor . Easy to move around . Plenty of power . The guns work well also . My only complaint is the air hose . I heard they were weak . Mine blew after less than ten uses at 90 lbs . Buy a good hose and you will love this compressor for life .
 I had put off buying a compressor for a while and am now glad I finally have one . I used the compressor for a few days while roofing my garage . The compressor ran fine and was more than adequate to run the RN175 nailer I bought separately . I did n't think the compressor was too loud , I was using it outside but it did n't seem bad . Also it 's not like it is running constantly anyway . I think this is a tool I will use often.Lately this has been going on sale for about $ 20 off . Wait for the sale and put the $ 20 toward the accessory kit .
 Using this combo to trim out my house . I 'm a contractor , not a carpenter , but HVAC , and know the value of quality tools . Priced right for the homeowner , built to withstand contractor demands . Do n't hesitate , well worth the expense , unless a couple days rental is all you need . Also , compressor is useful for other purposes around the house or jobsite .
 What can I say , the name and reputation say it all . Very nice as with all of their other tools . Would recommend to anyone .
 This is a fine quality switch which I hope will last for years . It 's nice to be able to still get replacement and/or repair items which are n't available in most stores .
 I needed to have a single gang wallplate to accommodate a mix of 1-way and 3-way switches , and the Despard brand is the only way to do it . I really wanted a white switch , but the big box store website had higher prices and charged more for shipping.Shipping from Grady 's Online was quick , but parts rolled around the box during shipping and a couple of toggle switches got dings in the corners .
 Nice lamp . After installing , I read the directions which say &#34; use silicone caulk if used outdoors &#34; . Now , how many of these get used indoors ? Why does n't the manufacturer pre-caulk the darned thing in the critical places ? I bought this because the similar but different previous one died from rust due to water incursion over many years . But ** where ** should it be caulked ?
 I bought this for my 7 year old son for his birthday after seen one a couple months before and just HAD to have one . He enjoys it and it has piqued his interest in electricity .
 I have a ton of birds & stray cats in my area this keep them all out of my garden .
 Need it to keep the birds away from my one tomato plant -- and , from the looks of it , now placed over the plant ; should do the trick . Thin , strong webbed plastic , easy to work with .
 This netting was found to be as advertised ! It has kept the birds out of my blueberries and has allowed me and my wife to be able to pick some for ourselves . This is a good product !
 I used this netting to create a makeshift shelter over my strawberries because the bird kept eating them . This definitely kept them out . The spacing is good and the material is strong . I will use it again if needed .
 We did not get any pears off our tree last year , because the crows ate every one of them . We are trying this netting ... . hope it works . It was easy to use and does n't seem to mess up the trees .
 SHIPPED SAFELY , BUT IN A TREMENDOUS BOX WITH PEANUTS . NO NEED TO BOX IT , AN ENVELOPE WOULD DO , WITH NO PACKING . IT 'S HARD TO DAMAGE NETTING IN SHIPPING .
 I used this net to attach to the wall of my balcony to keep the birds away . I was sad I 'd have to put up a net to block the view of the ocean I pay so dearly for , but surprisingly and happily , you can hardly see it ! It 's perfect !!! I 'm so excited ! I attached it with anchors , cement screws , and washers . I do n't know why I did n't do this sooner . So much comes in the package , I 'm giving the rest to my friend to put on his balcony ! YAY !
 This fit nicely over my tomato cages and pepper plants -LRB- 5 tomato cages placed close together and 2 pepper plants -RRB- . I am very happy , because I have stopped losing my ripe tomatoes to the birds . I was relieved to see that the mesh is big enough that the bees still come in to pollinate.I agree with another reviewer
 We needed just a small amount of netting for our small blueberry bushes . This was the right amount - and the price was right , too !
 We bought this net to protect our strawberry plants from the birds . It is really working and stop birds from trying to eat the strawberry seeds . We had some hard wind blowing for a while and this net sticks to the plant . All we did was mapped it out over the strawberry plants and cut the length as needed . After that we cover the whole surface of the plants with the net and leave some left over on each sides then we spread the net evenly . We never find the net in open or curled up or rolled up even after heavy rain storm plus the wind . Overall , we really happy in using this net and already planning to use it for next year planting season .
 I just read about this product on Amazon and the person writing the review said that the net is very thin , hardly noticeable when positioned against glass that you 're viewing out of . I use it for a different reason other than to cover fruit trees ; to protect the wild birds that I feed from seeing their reflection -LRB- as well anyway -RRB- in the glass of our newly built sunroom . I was getting at least one strike per day and it has worked well enough that the birds fly different directions vs. into the glass as they were . I love it and I 'm very happy to have read the review because it really does n't obstruct the view at all . It is almost invisible and it works great for this purpose .
 Good product . I had something eating my swiss chard ... I could n't figure it out because there were no signs of bugs or animals that I could find . As I sat on the patio one day I watched a yellow finch come and land on it , and started to chow down . I laughed , it surprised me . I thought this netting would keep them from eating me out of swiss chard , it worked good . Next year I 'll use it on my black berries too .
 I had a package of this left over from protecting a couple of small fruit trees . I have a raised deck , which `` collects '' leaves and debris underneath during the fall/winter , and must be removed ASAP in the spring due to this created fire hazard . I stapled this around the deck last Sep , and did not have to crawl under the deck this year -LRB- hopefully not to find other crawly creatures ! -RRB-
 This net has been successful in discouraging my cats from using my little vegetable garden as a liter box . I just laid it over the bed and attached it to the lattice I had placed there previously to try to keep out the cats . -LRB- Lattice was n't enough of a deterrent . -RRB-
 I ordered this product because the quail were eating all my annuals . I like it because it is not conspicuous and yet does the job of keeping the quail off the plants .
 This bird netting is durable and fades out of view when put up around a balcony . It worked great keeping the cat in and the birds out !
 Excellent bit made of quality material and is easy to use . I use it for cutting speaker holes on a Ryobi router and I 'm glad I made the purchase .
 These are just the neatest little night-lights . A Neon glow that is gentle but bright enough to help you see ` r.
 I have used these bits in a table router with excellent results . They make clean cuts and clear the chips well . They are far superior to a straight two flute cutter . I believe they will also outlast straight cutters . They do not seem to heat up much .
 We gave this tool pouch to my 21/2 yr . old grandson when his little sister was born . He carries all his tools in it all day . Excellent quality , durable , and so much more than I expected . Thanks for bringing us a quality product at a reasonable price .
 This wrench torqued a caterpillar head at 320 ft/lbs .20 ft/lbs past the last mark -LRB- by hand -RRB- . Wrench does not flex or bend.Would not recommend a cheater bar as the lock ring and the end of the wrench look like plastic.Other than that it seemed to not be accurate all the time.I pulled 320 ft/lbs in 10 lb increments starting at 70 ft/lbs until 320 ft/lbs . It seemed to pull to far without clicking.I would push the wrench back till the rachet clicked and pull again and it would immediately click.With this in mind I can work with this wrench.Great for the price.It torqued my cat head which bends 3/4 breaker bars like pretzels .
 If you need a larger size -LRB- 3/4 drive -RRB- Automatic Torque Wrench , this is a good value . I 'm pleased with mine .
 The Snappy Self-Centering 5/64 '' Drill Bit Guidemakes it extremely easy to start a hole in ametal pipe exactly where you want it - a jobwhich normally is difficult , and often resultsin a hole where you do n't want it . This productis well designed and a pleasure to use .
 I own many Woodline router bit sets , including this one , and every one of them has been very impressive with no exception . The bits are very well made with perfect carbide edges and never a scratch on any of them . They can cut all day without a problem . The cuts are always very smooth even when cuts are very aggressive using the larger bits.The bits have a lifetime warranty which is an indicator of the faith Woodline has in their own product . Woodline 's customer service was very helpful and courteous in the one occasion when I contacted them about a different product .
 Simple yet effective and pleasing , this is an attractive OshKosh Baby Under Construction Lamp Shade . It looks very warm and attractive . The design is very heartwarming . The kids love it and like the artwork on the shade . It is quite a work of simple but effective art .
 I use these on aquariums where I need more control over flow than a ball valve provides . They also put less pressure on bulkheads since they require less force to open and close . These are heavy duty and with no metal parts I do n't need to worry About corrosion .
 Like other reviewers , I used this valve to plumb a saltwater aquarium . This gate valve allows much more sensitive adjustments than a ball valve . Quality seems to be high , and the handle is easy enough to turn .
 Solid product , way cheaper then BRS . Will buy again for next aquarium build.Has full shut off & on , also very smooth operation .
 Exactly what I ordered and was delivered fast !!! We have a large room and needed two modern looking fans to move air around . We have been told on more than one occasion that they look awesome .
 Works as it should , would recommend to anyone . Very quick service from Amazon , as always . If you have water issues , you may need to replace these monthly .
 These filters are a more convenient and cheaper alternative to my local supplier . They work fine , basically it is a big wick , so it would be difficult for them not to work !
 Filters were in a Aprilaire twin pack box . I was just expecting a loose bulk pack . Item arrived less than on time . Will buy again in 2 years .
 At first I was reluctant to order these as they appear to be knock-offs but they 're the real deal and fit fine . The vendor has gotten them to me quickly and been good to work with . On one order , one of the panels was crushed and the vendor replaced it without a fuss . If you have an Aprilaire humidifier that requires this model , do n't hesitate to save yourself money here .
 We looked serveral places for these replacement filters and amazon was the only place that had them and got them quickly .
 Exact same as I used to purchase from a dealer except it comes in a pack of two for the price I used to pay for one .
 In general I find these filters cost far too much . Decent price , decent service from this vendor .
 This replacement filter fits the Aprilaire 400 humidifier and is cheaper -LRB- including shipping -RRB- than purchasing from aprilaire 's website -LRB- even though they have free shipping -RRB- . That being said , this replacement filter is grossly overpriced for what it is . Clearly a profit center for Aprilaire.I have ordered this part before and have had no issues with this seller . Product arrived quickly .
 There 's not much to say about the filters . They are the manufacturer 's replacement unit and do their job . The service from Filters-Now was very good with fast delivery . I wo n't hesitate to order from them again , either directly or through Amazon . The price seems high for a simple paper and metal filter , but it 's clearly a profit center for the manufacturer . The price from this vendor was much better than from others I found .
 Purchased this for my in law 's aprilaire 400 and it fits perfectly . No instructions needed to change it - just remove the cover , pull out the holder , pull out the water tube from the holder and unclip the top of the holder from the bottom -LRB- one clip on each side -RRB- . Reverse that to put it back together and reset the ` change water pad ' indicator . One thing I was n't sure about was whether the twin pack was really for two changes , or whether I need to use both for one change of the water pad , but as it turns out , only one is needed to change the water pad , so the twin pack is good for two changes.I 'd suggest to cycle the humidifier back on with the cover off and watch it for a few mins just to make sure you put everything back together properly and it 's working as needed -LRB- it takes a while for the water to absorb into the pad when you watch it -RRB- . Also a good time to check the float valve switches to make sure they 're functioning , not stuck , etc. . . just lift up on the little tip of the valve switch -LRB- there are two , at the bottom of the pan -RRB- and the water should shut off . . switch should move freely.We got timely shipping on this item.Good luck !
 Thia Aprilaire 45 Replacement Water Pad - Twin Pack -LSB- Misc . -RSB- that they describe on Amazon might not be what you receive . They describe the pads as 13.5 '' X 10.5 '' . They also say it is a `` twin pack '' which , in actuality is two pads that are actually 7.5 '' x 9.5 '' each.When I put the two pads together I got 15 '' X 9.5 '' . I cut the 15 '' down to 13.5 '' , which I needed . I am short in the other direction . I need 10 '' and have 9.5 '' . I am not happy with the way the vendor describes it versus what I actually received.UPDATE 2/17/2012After contacting seller concerning the above problem , they replied very quickly . Withing a few days i did get the correct item . The new pads fit perfectly.The seller was obviously concerned that the wrong item was sent and wanted to rectify the problem immediately . For this reason I am changing my 1 star to five .
 I was very satisfied with my Aprilaire Replacement Water Pads from this company and will order again in the near future from them
 Some humidifiers need to be cleaned with vinegar to get mineral buildup off . Not the Aprilaire , you just pop the filter our and pop a new one in and you are done .
 This is a good replacement filter , works fine and fit with no issues . Plan to purchase more in the future and would recommend .
 It was the right size and installed easily . Much better deal than anywhere else I looked . Glad to have found this since I 'll have to perform regular replacements .
 Works exactly as designed.I 'm not sure what people expect to pay for a filter like this but $ 9.00 each is not exactly highway robbery . Have you ever bought an air filter for your car ? Manufacturers reap profit from consumables . It 's just the way it works . How much money do you think the manufacturer is making on those inexpensive ink jets ? They make the profits on the ink cartridges.FWIW I always reset my control panel when it calls for a change and easily get 2 to 3 cycles out of each filter . After each heating season I remove the plastic frame that the filter fits into and remove any scale buildup .
 This product Installed in minutes , it is good quality , arrived on time what more can you ask for no issues here ...
 The handle that comes with the town Square toilet is beautiful and exactly like this one except it is polished , but I wanted a brushed nickel handle so I was willing to pay what I feel is a high price . However , it looks great and I did a total remodel so I wanted it to be right .
 This was just the type of weather strip we needed for our `` new '' antique door to seal out the cold drafts . It 's well designed , works perfectly , and was easy for a handy homeowner to install . It does n't make the door harder to open or close and seals well .
 I had been having a several &#34; issues &#34; while doing some modification to a polymer gun stock . Invariably the Dremel bits I had would cut strange angles -LRB- cut off wheels -RRB- , or I simply could n't get the finish I was after . -LRB- I bought the Black and Decker &#34; Dremel &#34; tool and I love it . Bits work in either model -RRB- . Enter this little guy . Hand 's down the best bit I ordered for the project . Made life better and my blood pressure go down . Maybe I exaggerated about the life getting better , but I definitely did n't curse as much .
 Bought this Dremel attachment at the suggestion of a customer service rep for carving pumpkins ! It works great . Made awesome pumpkins for Halloween .
 This is a very well made and strong bag.It has alot of room you can put alot of tools or what ever you want in it and have room left I really like this bag !!
 You do not buy this just for looks . It is part of a high-end Memoirs series made by Kohler . It has excellent construction quality and attracts attention of discerning eyes where ever it is placed . It is VERY heavy and well made . I expect this to last forever .
 I bought this knife to replace another pocket knife that I 'd had for many years , but which I had to surrender to the airline since I forgot to take it out of my pocket . This Schrade 80T Old Timer has turned out to be an even better knife than the one it replaced . It 's a perfect size for my pocket and it is extremely sharp and does everything a good pocket knife should . I highly recommend it .
 This is a good knife . Sturdy construction and has the traditional Old Timer look . A lot of people do n't like Schrade since they moved production to China , but , I have found no decline in their quality .
 My dad gave me this for Christmas . I have never tried a Taylor version as I was always a fan of the original Schrade and did not want to bother with a lower quality version . I will admit that I have been missing out on a good knife . This is the equal of the original in every way . Long term use will tell if it holds up as well as the original . The blades rest next to each other well with no rubbing against each other or the handles . The springs are strong enough that each blade snaps into place with opening and closing but the springs are not so stiff that it makes it difficult to open ... they are just right . No blade play and no unsightly gaps between the back springs and frame . Out of the box the blades were pretty sharp and a few minutes on a fine stone had them Shaving sharp . I have used it just a bit since I was off work Christmas Day and so far edge holding seems fine ... again long term use will tell me more . If this knife is typical of Taylor brands then I will be picking up more Schrade knives .
 This is the best all-around knife for daily use . The point on the main blade is perfect for removing slivers . The flat tip blade is what you need for cut-outs . Just a great knife !
 Although its a little bigger than I would have liked , its a great knife for the price . An inch shorter would have been better .
 I 've bought several Old Timer knifes . I specialy like the 80T cause of its size & fits perfect in pant pocket the three blades come in handy . I mainly use this knife for skinning wild game . I would definitely recommend this knife for everyday use .
 Exactly like mine that I got from my grandpa when I was 7 I 'm now 13 and this is a great knife . If it get a patina after about 10 years do n't take it off its a form of surface rust that helps that protects the blade . Any way its a great knife buy . IMPORTANT
 Schrade makes the best knives I have ever come across . I have been using them since 1976 , will not even consider any other brand . This 8OT is the same quality and price value I have experienced with their products over the years . They hold an edge like no other knife I have seen , you could shave with it if you wanted too . VERY satisfied .
 My dad got me one of these knives when I was leaving for college . This little guy has been the most useful thing I 've carried in my pocket . Unfortunately most of my use on it has been in the school cafeteria when the little butter knives wo n't quite cut it , but I 've used it for scraping , prying , or drilling enough to know that it holds an edge great and is put together quite sturdy . Heck , I even cut my fingernails with it once -LRB- did n't look too bad -RRB- .
 I wanted a good knife for my nephew for Christmas . My husband recommended Old Timer since it is an established product . We were n't in the market for all the bells and whistles , i.e. scissors , etc. . We wanted a good solid knife and this fit the purpose perfectly . Arrived quickly and in top notch condition .
 This is a great knife ! My teenage son loves the knife.He collects knives and this one is just like his Pepa 's .
 This is a 3-blade pocket knife by Schrade . There is a lot to like here , and there are some negatives too . Since it has just three blades , it has a slimmer design than many multi-functional pocket knives . It is not bulky in one 's pocket . The blades are easy to open and close . The edges of the blades holds an edge for a long time without dulling . The wood veneer housing is attractive and smooth . One the negative side , my blades discolored and became rough after perhaps 2-3 years of use . Perhaps this is more my fault , as I used it in all kinds of weather without oiling it . Finally , I did not need three blades . I 'd prefer one spear knife , one machette knife , and then replace the other blade with a high-quality scissors . This is of course a personal preference.Overall , this is a quality knife that wills stay sharp . I like it and would buy another.konedog
 I bought this pocket knife for my father as a birthday present , and he loves it ! It 's not so small that he ca n't use it with his arthritic hands , and it is n't so big it ca n't be carried in your pocket easily . After inspecting it myself the knife seems to be well made and put together also .
 very nice knife , I like it a lot . Best knife I have ever had ! It was a little larger than I expected though . The order arrived as promised .
 Very good , just what i expected and would order again when another product i want is available for purchase . good
 My friend ordered this knife to give to his son in law for Christmas . And He likes it a lot
 A Schrade Old Timer is my favorite type of knife . I previously had an American made one but lost it a while back . I figured a Chinese built one would be a step down but I was wrong . It 's hard to tell it from the one that I lost . I prefer carbon steel over stainless , so this is the knife for me . If you are looking for a good knife , you should try this one .
 I was suprised to find this knife so I had to buy one . My dad carried one just like it some 40 years ago and he used it for decades . So far , I love it .
 theses Knifes where a great Christmas gift , the price was just right , the knifes where great for the price i paid for them.Thanks .
 Good weight . sharp blades out of the box . easy to open for my arthritic hands . Nice knife to have . one more word
 SchRade has n't changed this knife in years ... thankfully . I got this as a replace , wo n't for one I have had for many years . It was just like the old one . Sill dependable quality and design .
 I bought this for my husband to replace an old , cheap pocket knife that was falling apart . This one is much smaller but he really likes it . It 's very durable , compact , and sharp . It will last a long time . We 'll probably going to buy another one to have around the house .
 Well , after months of waiting , and several projects that needed dovetils , I finally have this jig . The overall fit and finish of the jig is acceptable . It is well thought out , and well made up to a point . My only quibbles would be :1 . The variable finger template was poorly assembled which resulted in it being bowed along its length , and the two end castings were not of uniform thickness . There was actually about .065 '' of bow , and this resulted in a pretty imprecise mounting on the machine , in particular since the end castings are used for a reference in setting router depth for through dovetails , this was unacceptable ! The assembled aluminum castings were bowed both across the length and width . This was caused by the machining , or lack thereof , of the two halves of the aluminum castings on each end of the template . The steel bars did not fit into these halves when assembled , and the castings are held apart , and actually bowed . The interior of these castings had some casting nipples still in place where they mate with the steel bars , and the castings themselves were actually deformed in every direction by the factory assembly against the bars which did n't fit . I first had to re-flatten the castings in a precision vise , and then machine the bar mating surfaces inside the castings flat . With several trials of reassembly and additional machining , I was able to reassemble the ends of the templates to a uniform thickness , and surface flatness . I reduced the nonlinearity of the template to less than .010 '' in all directions , which was quite an improvement .2 . The mounting bars -LRB- where the template and stabilizer bar are mounted -RRB- were not parallel to each other or the horizontal surface of the jig . The right was 0.1 degrees up at the outside end , and the left was up 0.4 degrees . The left bar outer tip was about .07 '' higher than the right side mounting bar ! This resulted in an inability to flatten the template against a piece of wood , and having the stabilizer bar up above the template fingers surface by about .010 '' on the left side , which interfered with the router base making contact with the template on the left side . I had to remove the mounting bar on the left side and shim it to become parallel to the right side bar and the horizontal table of the jig . That leveled the stabilizer bar and made it parallel to the template in both possible mountings of the template .3 . The stabilizer bar itself was also bowed across its length about .020 '' . I elected to simply flatten it against a 36 '' lapping table . I also added a pair of UHMW strips on the mounting surfaces of the stabilizer where it meets the mounting bar , and the result is an easier assembly and a stabilizer which is parallel to the template and about .005 '' below the template surface throughout its length . It now provides more reliable router base support which will help eliminate cutting errors caused by router tipping near the ends of the template fingers .4 . I was a bit disappointed that the machine came with such a limited number of stops and router bits . I need it to cut some through dovetails in a cabinet carcase with .875 '' thick material , and I ca n't use it without purchasing extra stops and bits . Guess what . . those accessories are n't even available yet ! 5 . The through dovetail router bit depth setting bracket was not mounted correctly on the machine frame . It mounting screws were actually only partly in the bracket , and I had to remount the bracket correctly , and reset the depth stops . Of course , since they had been originally set with the bowed template at the factory , I would have needed to do this anyway , but it still should n't have happened.You may have guessed that I 'm a perfectionist when it comes to these tools , but its worth it in the end . Once these things are set up properly the results are worth it . A precise joint every time with little effort . Those jig and template errors of up to .070 '' I corrected are pretty noticable in an assembled dovetail joint ! A little attention to detail now will save a great deal of frustration in the future . Of course this degree of inaccuracy is common to almost every woodworking machine I have ever purchased . I 've ended up tuning them all . The factory assembly is rarely as accurate as I can achieve myself , and they end up out of alignment due to shipping as well . Buy some digital calipers , some machinests squares , a depth gauge and some precision straight edges and start looking at your machinery . You 'll find a lot of room for improvement!In order to fully utilize its capabilities , you 'll need to shell out a few hundred $ $ extra to buy all the other stops and router bits . The extra jig fingers for the small variable through and half blind joints is over $ 200 by itself!I 've done a test cut with some 3/4 '' maple scrap , and the result was very good . The joint was a bit too tight , but that is easily corrected by a 30 second adjustment to the factory setting on the stop . I 've uploaded some photos to show my first test cut . The pins and tails are about .020 '' proud of corner surfaces , and that is how many people will want to use it . I 'll probably adjust it for a more flush fit that will require less sanding , and preserve the assembled dimensions of the pieces I 've cut.Overall I 'm still glad that I got this jig , since it is quite a bit nicer and more capable than anything else on the market -LRB- including the leigh -RRB- , but the steep price after including all the accessories I 'll need , and seemingly endless delays in getting the jig and accesories , are annoying .
 First I would like to say that this Jig was never a 1000 Dollars in retail stores . Do n't fall for the imagined savings that is pure bull crap . -LRB- Kind of like some moron charging $ 1000 for a Red stapler that has just come out that Staples or others are selling for $ 13 to $ 19 . -RRB- However the Jig is very good . It does take some effort to get things dialed in and some practice using it . To me that was half the fun . I found some use for all that scrap wood I had laying around . Also for the guy who asked if this item is being discontinued the answer is
 So I did have to do some tweaking to get it dialed in for depth , etc -LRB- when have you bought a tool that did n't need a little fine tuning out of the box ? -RRB- , but now that it 's done I love this jig . It is very heavy duty with nice machining of all parts . The depth pod and stop sets are such a cool way of giving fast repeatability to go back and forth among different set ups . Plus , all the stickers on the jig walk you through the set up for any of the joints . Finally , it comes with a really well written manual plus a DVD with Norm . What more could you ask for ? I am really happy with it and ca n't see needing another DT jig .
 This was given as a gift . It is rather complicated for a beginner , but easy to learn after practice . Great price
 Bought this for my Daughter for christmas , we ended up opening it a day early as she was replacing stair treads and there were a few screws that had been stripped out . When she oponed it she got all excited and tried it our and it worked like a charm . Had to go to Amazon as the local Home Depot and Lowe 's did not carry this type of tool attachment . Company was quick on delivery and if I need anything else like this I guess the place to find it is Amazon . The price was very good . Would buy another set or similiar if I had anyone else that would use it besides my Daughter .
 great tool great price will buy again if have to . went to big name store and they was charging three times as much.want saving buy from amazon . good luck
 This is almost a no brainer , but just in case ... Dremel makes a number of sizes and shapes and so do other makers . The Dremel products are the ones to get as their shapes are exact , the cutting edges are precise and the steel is top quality and tempered to last a long time when used properly . These are made for the careful removal of stock from soft materials like wood and plastic ... with the speed set fairly low to avoid burning or annealing the steel of the bit . Hard woods like Ebony , Rosewood etc. might be too hard . Keep a small stiff brass brush close by for clean up if you 're working on plastic as they will often melt to the burr . They 're not cheap , but they do last a really long time . I 've even sharpened mine with a very fine needle file .
 I have owned two of these meters . Besides the obvious uses by the professional , RVers can find these very useful . AS all RVers know , your rig must be parked level so your frig will work properly , and wo n't be damaged . But how level must it be ? Look in your owners manual . It should tell you the maximum side to side and front to rear degrees your frig will operate safely . Now you do n't have to spend extra time trying to get that bubble level perfect . Your Starrett Angle Meter will tell you if you are within the minimum degrees for safe operation . It can be a real time saver .
 I use this to make toy ladders for my fire engines . I make groves in the material so the ladders slide like an extension ladder but do not come apart
 Super deal , just like new , and I use mine all the time I love Millwaukee tools , the only ones I buy
 This product stopped our son from bedwetting in about 2 weeks.Our son is 8 years old . We tried rewards , medication , no drinking after 6pm , waking him up during the night and all these attempts failed.Just be prepared to be waking up yourself , one time I had to wake up 3 times during the night to take him to the bathroom . We also used their suggestion of leaving a brighter light on in the hallway . Our son started sleeping through the night dry by the 8th night and has been out of goodnights and in regular underware for over a month now .
 It has been a long bout with my 7 year old . We used to pee the bed everynight , and I have done the pull ups , changing sheets and yelling . I have begged and lost hope and gained the hope back all at the same time . I bought this alarm with that hope but strongly doubt . We have been pee free for 3 weeks already after starting the alarm . I am in tears because , I actually started to believe this was going to go on forever . Within one week of using the alarm he started to forget to put it on , get up at night where as before he did n't and go to the bathroom . The concept of the alarm is one to two drops of urine starts off the alarm -LRB- it sounds like slomins alarm -RRB- and wakes the child up to understand what it feels like to have a full bladder and go to the bathroom . It is not the child being lazy , or the child doing it on purpose , when you think about it , at 7 who wants to be known to pee the bed . No one so do n't doubt that your child has a small bladder , deep sleeper or maturity issues are the matter . This unit works for my son and I did n't believe but now I do . Try it , Pull ups add up in two months to the price of this unit . It comes with two pads and alarm and stickers and training book . GET IT ! You wo n't be upset . And most off , be supportive , it is hard for them as well .
 My son was 9 years old and I had been trying for years to stop the bed wetting at night . I had tried everything but nothing worked . I limited his beverages after dinner , I woke him up at midnight , I made him change the sheets , and I did not allow any sleepovers . He was not fighting me ; he wanted to stop wetting the bed but once he went to sleep he never woke up until morning . As a last straw , I purchased this alarm . I was skeptical and felt I was wasting my money but to my surprise , my son stopped within a month or so . The alarm would go off every night at about four in the morning and he would jump up and go to the bathroom . After one month , I felt he had finally won the battle but I still made him wear the alarm as a backup . He started to wake up on his own and I have not had a problem since . He is 10 years old now and the alarm is history . It was a long and difficult battle for us but it is in the past now and I give full credit to this system . Good luck to everyone who reads this and know there is a light at the end of the tunnel for you too !
 Our 8 year old son is a very heavy sleeper and had only been dry a dozen or so times in his life . Our pediatrician recommended the Nite Train-r , and our son was really excited about the idea of the alarm . He did n't have any problems or discomfort from the pad . We did have a couple of false alarms , but it just shows you how sensitive the pads are -- meaning that at the first dribble , the alarm will sound . It took less than 10 days and my son has been dry and wearing underwear every night since -- not one accident ! The alarm only sounded probably 3 out of those 10 nights , and that 's all it took for his sleeping brain to get it . I wish we would have known about this/tried this sooner ! It does seem kind of expensive for what it is , but I figure that we have saved a bundle in pull-ups , and it can easily be re-used or re-sold as used . All you would need are the inexpensive replacement pads for either male or female . Amazing product !!
 This alarm is amazing ! We bought this for our son and he used it for almost 2 weeks . He has not wet the bed in over 3 weeks since he quit using the alarm.We puchased this alarm through Amazon.com and saved $ 10 - $ 15 dollars . We highly recommend this product !
 When I came across this in my research , my son saw it and begged me to order it . He was enthusiastic about trying it and motivated to stop wetting -LRB- he is six and has only had a few dry nights ever in his life -RRB- . Some kids might be put off by the alarm they have to attach to their shirt or by sticking a sensor in their pants , but he was totally on board with whatever he needed to do - and he claims it is not uncomfortable . I was skeptical as to whether the alarm would wake him enough before he had mostly soaked himself - so I was pleasantly surprised that the sensor pad was barely wet the first night when he woke up twice to the alarm and finished the job in the bathroom . It was very easy to rinse off the pad and hang it in the bathroom , replacing it with the new one . The second night he woke up three times and I could not see a drop of wetness , so I am amazed at how sensitive the pads are . I was also pleased that he was able to completely unhook , rinse and replace the sensor pads himself , so I did not even get up with him the third time . When he got out of bed and proclaimed that he was dry in the morning , he was beaming . We have only used it two nights so far , so I hesitate to give it five stars yet . But so far it is worth just seeing the confidence and hope it has given my son ! We are optimistic that it will train him to wake himself in the near future , without the sensors and alarm . I would highly recommend giving this a try ! If you follow the directions for prolonging the sensor pads , it seems they will last long enough for a child to be trained ; and if not , replacement pads are available and worthwhile .
 It took 2-3 weeks and my son was dry at night . He wet the bed every single night at least once and was already 7 . We were desperate so even though some people reviewed this product as not good and the price is quite high we bought it . It was like having a newborn in the house again , waking us up every night . After a week our son was able to take care of the whole contraption himself -LRB- and it is quite a contraption -RRB- . And he has been dry every night for 2 months now thank goodness !!!
 tools for the pleasure of wood burning . Comes in a cute little case , Enoughtools to keep you happy with shading and evan a small tip or embossing on leather.A real bargin with the price and I love mine.Great gift for the crafer in your life , or better yet , Get one for yourself !
 I bought each one of my kids one of these !!! They love it very fun works great , they get very creative .
 Very nice . Gets good and HOT ! So hot it melded the points form my other kit . I plugged it in to a surge power strip after it was so hot . But the handle was cool to the touch .
 xmas present to I do not know how the person will like it , it was something that was different , and I know that he is into work carving so I through that this could be used to embellish the items
 I use this wood burner for wood burning and leather crafting ... works great and is well worth the price . I highly recommend it .
 This is a great product for a beginner . The different tips are very helpful and the case keeps everything in one place . The delivery was very quick as well .
 This is a wonderful starter kit for anyone who wants to get into woodburning . It 's definetly for the occasional user or novice but it does wonderful work and comes with a variety of tips for different work .
 Good item . Used it the first day and it heats well and has good tips for different types of burning .
 It does what it say it would do for my wood work and moreit 's my favorite product and I would buy it again .
 I gave them as gifts and they were enjoyed by both recepitant , Great gifts Would recommend this product to anyone over 10 years old that enjoy crafts
 It arrived just on time and is perfectly conditioned . All tips are great for the different activities I need it for . Fantastic performance !
 For my first time using a wood burner it was actually quite simple . The trick seems to be to get it hot .
 Perfect . Delivered on time . Perfect condition . Works very nicely . Id highly recommend it to the beginner burner . It is very nice .
 Recieved Item very quickly.Much easier to use than I anticipated and am already doing wonderss with it!highly recommended for anyone looking to begin a woodworking/decorating hobby
 I bought this wood burner to use on the homemade picture frames that I make . It works great for the money . The different tips are nice . The handel does get a bit hot around the bottom , but I just move my hand up a bit or wear a glove .
 I bought this as a gift , and it 's really nice . I 've seen the wood burning that it has done , and it is fantastic . My nephew loves that it has its own case ! He says it is easy to use , and comes with a booklet showing all sorts of designs . I would definitely recommend this product .
 Great buy . I have purchased 5 of these in about 15 years becasue I keep loosing them and this is the first one I have ordered off Amazon and I would n't buy another one in the store : -RRB-
 This is pretty much what I figured it would be . It 's like a higher powered soldering iron with interchangeable tips . I especially like the heated exacto knife . It heats up incredibly fast and is overall a good quality product .
 I did n't use any attachments except the primary blade . It did pretty well for my projects but I can tell it has taken some ware and tear . The blade sits a little loose in the pen now and it takes about 10 minutes until it gets hot enough to actually start burning the wood.I 'm fairly new at woodburning but was able to do some really cool designs .
 I love this item for the shorter barrel than my other one has which makes it easier for me to use . I 'm not so heavy handed with this one . It has a lot more tips & I love the case I can keep everything together & out of my granddaughters hands easier .
 This was bought for my son , he loves it . Everything he needs is found in this kit . The case is a nice extra .
 Have used a similar stool for years and years ! It is so handy in the kitchen . It also serves as a sitting stool for various projects -LRB- scrubbing baseboards , for one -RRB- .
 I needed to reach shoes on the top shelf of my closet and did n't want to `` open '' a ladder each time so this is the perfect solution .
 We recently bought a house that had this line of fixtures and needed 2 of these rings for the ensuite . Could n't believe the price at regular retail . we bought 2 , had both shipped and all in was less than 1/2 the price of one from a local plumbing shop . This line is n't sold in big box stores . Installed in a flash , great mounting plate -LRB- cast as well -RRB- . Look and work great !
 I bought this fixture for the guest bathroom , and I love its clean sculptural lines . It 's very solid and has a beautiful chrome finish .
 Okay , first off , the property management team who `` administer '' the apartment complex wherein I dwell are definitely practitioners of what I 'd call the `` hands off '' management style . So basically we tenants of the `` slumplex '' are on our own for any repairs we actually want completed while we 're living here . Believe it or not , I could not find a kitchen faucet hole cover at either the local mom & pop hardware store or at the closest Home Depot . Seriously . You 'd think that at least one of such a simple plumbing item would be available in the local hardware store , and certainly there ought to be two of them in stock within the cavernous bowels of the mom & pop-destroying Home Depot ... but no ! I had to mail-order this piece of gear so that I could fix the existing `` plug '' that was basically just a wad of plumber 's putty , caulk , rust , calcification , soap scum , and bacteria . It worked like a charm , does n't leak , installed simply and swiftly , and best of all
 This would fit many different hole sizes . It will look good covering the hole I made installing my water purifier in my apartment when I move .
 About a year ago , our kitchen faucet broke and we replaced it with one of those industrial-looking faucets with the high-powered sprayer . We love the new faucet , but it exposed two holes in the granite countertop . We covered one hole with the soap dispenser and tried to keep a mug on the other hole . But they did n't always stay where they were supposed to , so water always ended up dripping down underneath our kitchen sink.This simple little product solved our problem . So cheap , so easy . Should have ordered them a year ago !
 If you buy one of these units and attempt to put in on the way it `` makes sense '' to install , you may find that the disc on the top of the sink is loose . To remedy this , unscrew the bottom piece and reverse it -LRB- I know it wo n't make sense at the time -RRB- and screw it back on ... see ? - I told you it would work . Also , put a dab of clear silicon around the hole on the top of the sink before installation-then wipe of the extra immediately . It 's really easy and looks great !
 Went from a 3 hole faucet to a 1 hole and needed to cover the other 2 holes . First I got Danco 80247 1-1/2 - Inch Faucet Hole Covers and though theye were supposed to fit they didnt and I destroyed them trying to make them fit in an onset raging moment of weakness . Anyways I bought these thinking they would be perfect but these are ment for covering a whole through the sink and countertop or just countertop , when trying to screw them tight on the thin sink metal they did not get tight . The faucet I replaced however had spacers that worked perfectly so all in all these worked well .
 Works as described no issues thus far , simple product . Good filler which allows you to buy cheaper 4 hole sink vs. 3 . Would recommend to others .
 This item is perfect . It increases personal pride and self esteem each time I go to the sink . I no longer need to glare at gaping holes on my porcelain sink . It is always shiny and suitable for my most respected guests as they use my sink . A must have for anyone with holes in their sink .
 Product was as described with a good finish.Perfect fit and be sure to add silicone to make it waterproof
 I used this on my drill press to make about 40 birch plugs . It worked great . The nicest part is that there was no tear out on the bottom side . I used another brand plug cutter and though the top go the plug looked fine it kept tearing out on the bottom . I needed both sides to look good and this tool did it with no problem . This tool creates straight plugs which is just what I needed.If you need straight plugs get this tool , you 'll be happy you did .
 I was able to use this to cut two dozen plugs , using a hand held drill . Half the plugs I made from a super hard Brazilian red wood . The bit has dulled a little , but still goes through oak very well .
 This Starret Pitch gage are just great , all the Starret products that I have purchased have performed just great . Of course that anyone has to take good care fo their presicion insturments , but the Starret prodcuts will stand rough enviroments and operations .
 I did my homework before getting a thread gauge . This gauge has the most gauges in it , for one tool , that you will find . It basically has ever thread you 'll ever run across in it .
 As a gunsmith , I work with many firearms containing multiple screws . This tool is a quick and easy way to select the correct replacement screw .
 A well engineered tool with more TPI choices than you 'll likely ever need.A nice touch is that the leaves come with a touch of oil on them to prevent oxidation.The leaves that come on this device cover the following TPI 's
 This pitch gauge has more than enough measurements for most people 's needs . It 's a great gauge , and if you have to pick only one to own , this is it .
 The item pictured is a Starrett 472 . The 473 has leaves on two ends which , despite the description , do not lock open . But , the quality is what I expect from Starrett , it meets my needs , and delivery was timely . If you 're looking for a thread pitch gauge , check out Starrett 's website and determine the exact model you want .
 ONE OF THE BEST TOOLS EVER FROM DREMEL ! GREAT DURABILITY AND VERY SHARP ALSO , TOTALLY RECOMMENDED THIS A MUST HAVE WITH YOUR ROTARY TOOL
 There are no issues with this bulb . Westinghouse makes a good product and I have no issues . These are not available at all stores , so the Amazon price , considering the availability of the item is actually quite fair . It has been working fine for about two months now .
 I really just needed some long torx bits to get into a narrow space to remove a torx screw . I ordered these in a pinch and was suprised really that they came on nice attachment ring . No cheap plastic and the bits appear to be pretty sturdy for general use . I 'm satisfied and would recommend them if you need to add to the tool collection .
 Very serious mortising bit I use in a semi-automated machine for my woodworking business . I have and will buy more . Hold up well , stay sharp and most certainly cut well . Very pleased .
 It is the only non-wood 13 ounce hammer I could find . It works - what 's not to like ?
 i have had this hammer for about 3 months now , and use it to help me in the A/C business . great things about this product are
 A reviewer said this hammer does n't have a milled face . Apparently he did n't know what a milled face was , or a framing hammer for that matter . Milled means the head face is ground to either smooth it , texture , or pattern it after the initial forging . I 'm not even sure if vaughan makes a hammer without a milled face.This is a solid steel hammer forged in one piece , with a honeycomb pattern on the head which allows a nail head to be driven level into a 2x4 without impacting the wood.These hammers sell at the Home Depot and Menards for over $ 30 , when they 're on sale . I am not sure how this particular seller/sellers are able to offer them at $ 11 , but I already have the original vaughan framer , and love it , so I bought two of these , and I gave one to my dad.-edit
 The hammer has a good weight to it and has been holding up nicely . Did n't get to use it much yet but planning to take apart a loft with it soon .
 When on sale , this set is a great value . They are n't up to the quality of Whiteside or Freud , but the price is n't anywhere near there either . A good value .
 I have had over the years bits that could be used for undersized plywood but none that you could use for melamine and standard thickness lumber . Looking forward to using them on a project soon .
 I recently purchased this set on sale and have used many of the bits . It comes in handy when using them for baltic birch , plywood and MDF dados that are rarely the `` standard '' size . It has a +1 / 32 '' bit and a -1 / 32 '' bit for the standard wood sizes of 1/2 '' and 3/4 '' , and a +1 / 32 '' and a -1 / 64 '' for the 1/4 '' size . They may not be the quality that you would want or need for production work , but for modest use , the price and quality is unbeatable .
 This item is not much nicer compared to $ 20 off brand version you can find on amazon , but it is clearly nicer made product and made here is the USA . I have the $ 20 one as well and while the measurements and functions are 100 % the same it is not made as well and made in a foreign country . So if you strapped buy the cheaper one and dont think twice but if you got the cash there is two good reasons to buy the Starrett
 This prism is a large size , which is great for making large rainbows in your room . It makes really cool prism rainbows on the walls because of it 's shape . Great piece if you are into crystals !
 Perfect for my project , great price , just a couple of scratches but ca n't ask more for the price .
 I keep this crystal in my bed room window . It looks beautiful and I am very happy with my purchase . Right now I can see the rainbow it makes on the floor .
 was very happy with the product made a great birthday gift , could n't fault the service or product . A great addition to any collection
 I bought several different crystals and I love them all . The seller -LRB- Crystal Palace -RRB- shipped really fast -LRB- just a couple of days ! -RRB- . This one does n't create as many rainbows as some , but the ones it does make are large and vivid . And it has a unique , striking shape so is pretty just hanging in the window . The one that makes the most rainbows -LRB- hundreds of them ! -RRB- is the 40 mm # 701-40 -LRB- from a different seller -RRB- .
 A beautiful and light weight crystal that is now in my truck to cast rainbows and light with great color inside my vehicle .
 This sun catcher is very pretty I wish I had a hole string of them . The sun catches the prism and it just sparkles .
 Fantastic cut . Unusual and catches the light very well . I love the crysal prisims carried by this company and have ordered several .
 This helped assemble a window display . It is perfect ! It is lit from below by a color changing light buld
 This is a simple lightweight instrument . Made in Russia . Easy to use . Does not tick or beep with each count , only when a theshold is crossed in terms of counts.I gave it a 4 instead of 5 because the manual seems to have been written by someone with a Russian/English dictionary who had one semester of English . But it was understandable . It also did not have any information on how to interpet the readings.Not a professional instrument but good for someone who wants to be prepared for a local nuclear accident or terroist attack . Peace of mind . I tested it by holding it near a smoke detector and it worked !
 I bought this device to use as the subject of a hiking project with my grandchildren , mapping with a GPS as I go and recording the local radioactivity as I go . -LRB- It should make a nice intellectual point to hiking . -RRB- I first tried the device at my home -LRB- unradioactive I hoped -RRB- and then some other places that I knew , from previous use of laboratory-grade counters , definitely had some local radioactivity in the sand and cliffs and it gave readings more or less as I expected from the previous use of much more expensive counters . As another test , it also picked up radioactive gas-mantles quite well indeed when I sat the device upon one -LRB- the luminescent gas-mantles as often used in camper lamps are often very solidly radioactive -- a ref on this is available if amazon requests -RRB- The strong signal was expected but it was reassuring to get it . The device is convenient to use and I found gave repeatable results although you have to leave it sit for a few minutes to get a reliable result . Note that if you use gas old-style mantles to test it yourself please make sure they are the old-fashioned thorium based gas mantles as the many modern gas mantles are no longer radioactive . In my experience the non-radioactive mantles advertise this clearly on their packet and the old radioactive mantles are discreetly silent about radioactivity on their packet . -LRB- Choose one from an old camping shop that doesnt mention radioactivity on its packet and then dont sleep near it ! -RRB- The four stars come from its very low price for doing an adequate job .
 I have been worried about the radiation level in Seattle WA after the Fukushima Nukes melt down . The government does not provide any data regarding level of radiation . So I purchased the Radex to protect my family . Radex is very compact and I can carry it anywhere.Today I measured the radiation level at home ; It was 0.08-0 .13 micro seiverts per hour -LRB- sv/h -RRB- at the 2 feet from the floor - I was kind surprised to know how high the level is . The 0.10 micro seiverts per hour at home means that I will receive 0.876 mili-severts of radiation a year -LRB- = 0.10 x 24 hour x 365 days / 1000 -RRB- . Assuming that it is safe to be exposed to up to 1 msv a year , the radiation level at home should not exceed 0.12 micro sv/h . It is not the level that we have to move to the safer place , but we need to be pay attention to the level of radiation.I also checked the level of radiation outside of the house . It was 0.10-0 .20 micro sv/h at the 2 feet from the ground . As expected , the level of radiation was relatively high at the place close to puddles -LRB- 0.20 micro sv/h -RRB- , drain outlets -LRB- 0.14 micro sv/h -RRB- , and a park ground -LRB- 0.13 micro sv/h -RRB- . As we do n't stay outside for 24 hours , I do n't worry so much . However , parents and pet owners should be careful so that children and pets not be exposed the radiation.It was definitely a good purchase because it gave me peace of mind - I though that the level of radiaiton was much higher here . For professional scientists , Radex might not be as stable as the expensive geiger counters . However , Radex geiger counters do a good job for the people like me . I will keep monitoring the level of radiation with Radex to protect my family.Update - 3/30/3012Since I purchased Radex , I 've got the chance to go business trip to Japan . I was scared to go Japan because of Fukushima meltdown . I carried Radex with me.The radiation level in Tokyo is almost twice as high as Seattle . Inside of hotel
 The Radex RD1503 served its purpose . The subdivision I live in was built in the 1940 's and when I first moved here a neighbor told me something was wrong here because all the long term neighbors were dying , since I have been here the couple across the street has died of cancer , the neighbor who informed me in the first place that something was wrong had cancer , her neighbor died of cancer , the subdivision president and vice president had cancer and the subdivision president has died.Placing the Radex directly on the 1940 's Uranium oxide pink colored bathroom wall tiles I read -LRB- 1.57 usv/h -RRB- and 4 inches away from tiles I read -LRB- .8 usv/h -RRB- , I 'm now in the process of looking into removing the tiles are placing another layer of tile over the pink tiles , another layer of tile over the pink tiles drops the radiation down to .2 usv/h about 1/2 '' from the 1940 's Uranium oxide pink colored bathroom wall tiles .
 I purchased this product for my daughter 's science project . She used it to measure the relative radiation of four different Uranium samples . The results ranged from 15 to 270 micro-rads per hour , effective enough to show the relative difference in radioactivity of all four samples . I was satisfied with it for the science project but disappointed that it does not click on each gamma ray penetration . It also is not very sensitive as unless the samples is right next to the side of the meter , it does not work . If you have the money you should buy the more expensive product , but for this purpose , I was able to get by with this low cost unit .
 * After the Fukushima disaster , I learned that the only radiation monitoring numbers I could get -LRB- and they meant nothing to me -RRB- came from an EPA station over 100 miles away with months-long delayed analysis -- and their air sampling was n't working at the time . I bought an RD-1503 through Amazon.com and have logged an average of 5 cycled readings a day ever since . * I 've had no problems with my 1503 , but I 've read that a lot of handling can loosen up a critical solder connection inside , so treat it nice . Do n't let it get contaminated , wet , or even very humid . * The best way to use this instrument is to pretty much keep it at home , protected inside a small , thin , resealable plastic sandwich bag . Do your monitoring in the same way , at the same location , and at about the same time of day -- so that you have a meaningful `` base line '' of readings for comparison . You want to methodically do 5 `` background '' readings and average the results , then subtract that average from 5 readings on anything special . * Do n't be fooled by radon \ daughters , which decay by half -LRB- always first subtracting background -RRB- in about 40 minutes . Radon is _ bad _ stuff , I chart it , and I wonder about its comings and goings , but it 's probably not coming from Japan . However , should your background readings take a big and sustained jump , or if you get a sample of something that keeps reading high the next day , you may have identified a problem . * Learn about your instrument 's limitations . It 's very hard to usefully read beta emitters in food , water or milk with any Geiger counter . That takes trained personnel , special procedures and expensive spectrometry equipment in a lab.Google `` Radex-RD1503 '' + `` SW Oregon '' for the little bit I 've managed to learn.Craig
 Well made , uses 2AAA batteries , accurate when compared to more expensive meter tested against beta and gamma sources . Light , easy to read , good instructions . Maximum reading is 999 microREM/h . This is great for background testing , but may not give you the upper ranges to measure higher levels you will need if you are looking for the safest place on ` the day after ' .
 Needed something that could verify presence and ... even better the absence of radiation . Was n't expecting a lot but this device works as stated , i.e. readings between 0 and 9.99 -LRB- Max for device -RRB- . Was able to compare values that were close enough for a consumer who just wants to ensure a clean environment . Suggestions
 This is worth the asking price , the only reason that it does not get five stars is because the English in the owner 's manual is poor . I compared this unit with a state of the art unit used for laboratory and environmental monitoring and it was shockingly dead-on . Very pleased and I fully trust the readings . It will not pick up alpha so several `` sources '' will not register . The cost of the included GM tube is about what the whole unit costs and it 's not poorly constructed either . I would not drop it or generally toss it around like a phone though . It will operate on one or two AAA batteries which is kinda interesting but the battery life appears to be great . DO NOT put one in backwards as you would with other devices , this will cause them to overheat . They are in PARALLEL and not SERIES meaning if you put one in backwards you have just shorted the + & - together . On a new set of batteries they WILL overheat and leak all over if you do this . The orientation is clearly marked on the battery compartment . Seriously , RTFM if unsure .
 Received early before stated time , works great for the money . I would recommend this product to anyone needing a dector .
 Simple product which is easy to use . At the same time , do n't expect a lot of options and extra features . I give it 4 stars out of 5 .
 Great product.Really easy to use and portable.I bought two so that I can give one to a family member in Korea to detect any radiation tainted stuff coming in from Japan .
 We have had problems in the past with Radon in our home . I had a radon mitigation system -LRB- a negative pressure exhaust system -RRB- installed but I wanted to keep an eye on the radon values in my home . This detector has a lot of great features that really gives me peace of mind.For those of you that find the price a little off-putting ; perhaps think of the difference between having an active real-time monitoring system that can alert you if the radon levels change vs performing a yearly -LRB- if you remember -RRB- off-site radon check ... for me knowing the levels when I check or being alerted when thresholds are breached was better for me than finding out a year later and wondering how long my family may have been exposed to potentially harmful gases .
 GEES ! Happy enough to order a second , no really could not believe the results dumbfounded me enough to call out for help , and yes that included the second purchase to make certain correct and to educate others . Now enjoying traveling and will be taking such device we me-always -LRB- world of changing times indeed -RRB- , it 's amazing the areas , the building , the people ! , Radiation !? Normal ranges 0.08-0 .09 with a reading `` ok '' at 0.10 But it should make you wakeup if you see a reading of 0.26 for example a few points from the first alarm of 0.30 , at that point just simple back away and head in the other direction . Have fun , and on the serious side be aware of your surrounding and if like my family and self you are waking in the middle of the night do n't ask why , investigate and then send in the help , p.s. move furthest from `` hot zone '' until they arrive in which case `` run , run , run '' or -LRB- take it away-its your life . ... -RRB- To Life ! P.s. it 's accurate , and easy to understand , read the reviews , the comments on the reviews , better still study on your own-loads of information available on the net-if you wish to learn what Normal is , that is not in the booklet . Yet it is easy to install batteries , only problem may be a need to secure battery cover-may pop , heck batteries just love to do that , if you had battery operated toys as a child you already understand what to do .
 The item ocurres to my expectations yet the difference between beta and gamMa beams I can not instruate.And there happens to be no availabillity of a list of rates to refear to .
 I bought this item after buying a similar one in a local hardware store . They did not carry this size yet I was impressed with the workmanship , attention to detail , and balance . This is a superior product and I would highly recommend it .
 I bought this to work silver wire , and it does a great job . I like the size of the head -LRB- have only used the pein end , so far -RRB- and the overall size and weight of the hammer . It 's comfortable to use , and seems to be well made . I expect it to last as long as I do , and beyond .
 Awesome little hammer . Comes in handy especially in tight spaces like in the engine bay or something . Very well made and sturdy .
 Its a hammer ... . Seriously how different can they be ? Actually you really can feel the quality of it . It 's the wood ; just feels strong , and finished . The real reason to buy this over the competition is that its made in the USA . Think about spending the extra 5 dollars for a product that you know was put together by employees treated like human beings .
 I 've had these gloves for over a month so far and they work great . They do n't hold up in extreme cold weather but are good other than that .
 I purchased these gloves for specifically working outdoors in cold weather . Previous gloves I 've worn were too bulky to do anything with my fingers ... and any thinner material gloves gave me better use of my fingers but left my hands too exposed to the cold air . I was hoping this would allow me to work with my fingers and keep my hands warm.They are very tight fitting , have a great grip to them with reinforced palms and are excellent to work in . However , after being outside in below freezing conditions for more than 10 minutes , my hands were so cold my fingers were numb . The rubber palm grip became hard and frozen and my hands felt so cold like air was going right through the gloves . So , I am back to bigger bulkier gloves just to stay warm outside . These are nice if you need to briefly work outside or absolutely need better control with your fingers . As for cold weather resistant ... NOT SO MUCH .
 if you want real warm hands buy mittens , these are nice gloves ... i work in the woods and they are holding up better than most gloves , the long cuff is very nice for keeping snow and chips out ... . i will buy them again .
 I have used alot of different work gloves over the past ten years , but this DeWalt gloves are the best yet ! Heavy duty and comfortable all in one . The only nice improvement would be a thinsolate version for winter use !
 These work gloves were a Christmas present for my son who is a volunteer fireman . He was very pleased with them .
 The saying is
 These tools are of very good quality and durable . They were also for a good price . I think that my money was well spent .
 This is a very good live center for your tailstock . Alows you to get very close to the center of the item you are turning . It also allows you to support the end of a item such as a tool handle when you have drilled a 1/2 inch hole to mount the tool . Very good itme for the price . PSI has many good tools at very good prices for woodturners .
 I 've used this for over a year . It has become my main Tail Center . I use it over 50 percent of the time for big and little projects -LRB- even pens -RRB- .
 Nice Live center . Good Price and very reasonable . Fast delivery.Good choice !
 Have used about 2 hours . Run smooth , no noise and a nice long taper . Watch out for point , it is as sharpe as a razor .
 Works excellent for projects that have a hole for the live center to set in .
 A number one ! I use it regularly . It 's imported but what is n't . It works and the price was terrific .
 Great value good finish and runs true and smooth . Only issue is it is ground from soft steel and is easy to mark .
 Works great . Now I can get really close with whatever chisel I 'm using . Should have bought one sooner . I recomend .
 The price I paid for this Live Center was much better than other places , and it seems to be of good quality . It is a simple tool so why pay more than necessary .
 Very nice for the price . Seems to be well constructed . Works well . Over all upgrade to my lathe . Timely shipping . Thank you psi .
 I have an old Delta lathe that came with a dead center . This live center is a real improvement . It is cheaper than even 30 year old live centers from Ebay . It spins on axis just fine , and I do n't think I have every come close to overloading it.I will note that the # 2 MT is shorter than the traditional MT. This is good for some mini-lathes that can not fit a full sized MT in place . Because of its shorter length , the automatic eject mechanism does not work in my tailstock . This however , is easily solved . I just cut a short piece of dowel -LRB- perhaps 0.5 in ? -RRB- , and put it in the tailstock between the internal eject mechanism and the MT of this live center . Reverse screwing the ram pushes the dowel which in turn ejects the live center.Be aware that the tip is sharp . You will want to move it well out of the way if you are not using the tailstock -LRB- e.g. bowl turning -RRB- . It is also sharp enough to work its way into wood . I am planing to turn a collar to fit over it when I want to limit penetration .
 Better than I hoped . Looks and works good on my delta . Spins true and fits perfectly in 2mt . Sharp point . And very heavy duty !
 If you turn a lot of small items and want access to the end of a workpiece where it meets the live center -- you need a taper like this . I do a lot of fishing lures and bottle stoppers and this kind of center makes a huge difference in effiency and results . This piece is very heavy and looks like it will last a lifetime.Small warning which is just the tip is pinpoint sharp ! Like everything else in woodturning , pay attention to what you 're doing ...
 Well worth the money.Works as good as a higher priced center . If you need a live center for your lathe this one does the job at a good price .
 I use it quite often on my lathe and drill press . smoth running and big enough for centering big holes.Runs true and stay true .
 I 've rated this product with 5 stars because it is truly a quality made live center . So far it has worked perfectly to assist in supporting some wood handles I turned on my wood lathe to complete some Christmas gifts I made .
 As received , the bearing was a bit rough , but smoothed right out after a few minutes turning . Only complaint is the softness of the steel ... tools will cut it if not careful when working close to it , but this does not affect good performance of the center . Will buy another for second lathe .
 I did n't expect this to be quite the big heavy sucker it is , very solid , makes for easier access to that side than most regular live centers , fits snugly , works well
 This live center is almost too good to be true . It is heavy , cleanly machined , accurate , and crazy cheap . There are no drawbacks to this center -LRB- do n't split your wood ! -RRB- . Amazon is even cheaper than PSI 's own website !
 This is the second of this Live Center , the other lasted five plus years with much , much turning and switching out . Great heavy duty Center and well worth the money . If you do much turning , you know the value of good tools and this certainly falls into that category . When this one wears out , I 'll just have to go for the same again .
 I needed a `` live '' tailstock center to stand up to turning dozens of pens at a time . Most of the smaller ones would deform under the pressure of the 7 mm mandrel . This baby works great . The mandrel will be long gone before this live center goes out the door .
 I use this center for project after project - ca n't imagine being without it . Quality is excellent and price is right . Highly recommend that every wood turner purchase one .
 The PSI LCENTLT2 No. 2MT heavy duty lathe center is everything I had hoped it would be . It is very smooth running and seems to be very well made . I use it on a midi lathe for pen turning ... works great ! I would recommend this to anyone .
 I 'm very happy with this new live center because of its versatility of function and its strong durability . Its bearings are smooth and the rotation appears to be true.SMS
 This is an excellent live center , and the price is unbelieveable . I would recommend it for anyone wanting a great live center .
 I 've been using this for a bit turning a bunch of wood products . I do utilize wet sanding on some products . There 's been minimal oxidation on this . I suspect that the oxidation was because I might not have wiped down the live center like i do the bed , but a little sanding and wax and it 's good to go .
 A little bigger that I expected . I was going to return it until I tried it . You ca n't have it back . Works great . Smooth as silk . Great buy and Great Price.Thanks , Tomco Bob
 PSI LCENTLT2 No. 2MT Heavy Duty Live Lathe Centereverything was as it should be the price , shipment and the product
 I ordered this live center for my son 's lathe , only to find out it was thewrong size -LRB- needed morse taper # 1 -RRB- . The return process was extremely simple , and the one I bought to replace it was the same brand from a different vendor
 This is a great product at a great price and fast delevery . Cant buy this in New Zealand anywhere near this price.I will be looking for more tools etc for my wood turning .
 Bought this item for turning pens and it works perfectly , very smooth , could n't do without it .
 I bought this for pen turning to prevent my other live centers from getting dulled . It is a nicely made live center , but I have to admit I have used it very little so I ca n't say how well it will hold up .
 I do n't see how you can beat this 12-oz ball pein hammer for certain applications . It 's the perfect tool for driving brake caliper retaining pins in and out using this hammer and a pin punch tool . No claw to get in the way of other parts . Hickory handle , nice weight and balance , made by Vaughan . What 's not to like ?
 After several moves -LRB- and a habit of buying Ikea furniture second hand -RRB- , I wanted a set of metric wrenches that would make disassembling and assembling said furniture easier . These wrenches are cheap , do the job and the case holds them together quite nicely . Now , they probably ca n't take tons of abuse , but that 's OK - I 'm not rebuilding an engine with them , I 'm putting a bed or table together .
 Nothing too special about these , but they do what I expect ... tighten and loosen what I need . They look nice , feel good , and store easily . Pretty straight forward product . I 've enjoyed using them .
 12 dollars for a wrench set ? i dont think i could find a better price anywhere else . i bought it only because i lost one 14mm wrench . now i have a whole set !
 I needed a tool kit at home for various purposes . But then i thought of buying it seperately , as sometimes you do n't get good products in a kit . This is really great , and comes for really economical price .
 Do n't let the name fool you . Just as good as the entry level wrenches made by Craftsmen , etc. . Great for everyday tasks . I would be cautious to use them as a professional but they work for the tasks that I expect them to work for . I would purchase again .
 Packed well and arrived on time with a nice holder . Finish is way better than I expected after reading reviews could not ask for a better set ... not to mention the great price . You have to love it !!
 Its nice to have a set of metric wrenches that work as good as these do and has all the sizes you will need . Thanks
 Great price for the item . Perfect product and was as advertised . Comparable tools in stores are almost double the price .
 The only complaint about this product is the size 10 wrench is not the right size . It wo n't work on any 10mm bolts . Other than that , all the tools work great for my needs as a mechanic . They 're sturdy , do n't bend or break or anything like that.UPDATE : Tekton was very fast about shipping me a new size 10 wrench that works great now . Moved to 5 stars . Excellent customer satisfaction . Will be using them a lot now .
 After buying the wrong motor 3 or 4 times i picked up this one ... and it was perfect .
 This motor works great . It was shipped relatively quickly . I was able to install it into my furnace with ease . I have not had any problems with it .
 As a previous reviewer mentioned this kit replaced a Harbor Freight kit that I used a few times . The Harbor Freight kit was poor qaulity . The punches were prone to cutting into the dies and required much more torque or force to produce a hole.This Greelee kit seems to work MUCH better ! I have only made a few knockouts so far , but the dies fit tight on the draw stud which keeps the punch and die in good alignment . It took less effort than I anticipated to pull the punch through . The knockouts were easy to remove from the dies.So far I am pleased with the kit .
 Works great , fast cutting and durable . Replaced a cheapy set that did n't last very long . Well worth the extra price for quality and durability .
 This is a great product if you are doing custom electrical work . Being able to punch out holes for 1/2 '' , 3/4 '' , 1 '' , and 11/4 '' conduit fittings as needed , where needed , is a great time saver .
 I bought this at Menards for around $ 60.00 , its not a real bright light but works fine and looks good , bought a 3 '' post at Lowes for $ 30.00 , and a bag of quickcreat mix and it took about 2 hr 's total .
 I am very happy with this solar light . I had problems with an electric lantern & HOA kept fininf for light out . I taped off the electrical wires & installed this lantern onto the pole .
 Having the right tool when you need it can make a job a breeze . This small , lightweight mallet is just that . Perfect for `` nudging '' things you do not want to dent or scratch into place . It is non-marring and the maple-wood handle feels good to the grip -LRB- not a big fan of those rubber coated metal handles -RRB- . This is a good tool for those lighter jobs where a little coaxing may be necessary .
 I am a beginning leather crafter . This soft head hammer is just right for my needs . The bigger hammer is too much . The wooden mallet that came with my leather kit is cheesy . This hammer has replaceable tips -LRB- cheap ! -RRB- . The price is right . It works well .
 You can hit stuff with it and it wo n't leave a mark.WARNING
 Spot on replacment for the one that lasted 10 plus years . Best part it was a third of the cost .
 This tack hammer is light years higher in quality than the Tekton I reviewed . Definitely a solid , professional tool . I would have given it five stars , but the head on mine is cocked slightly in the wrong direction . Otherwise , a super tack hammer .
 I bought the Vaughan SBP5 Professional Magnetic Tack Hammer from Home Depot in 2010 for $ 8.93 . I wanted a tack hammer with a `` nylon tip '' , but I refused to pay $ 30.00 dollars . So I bought the Vaughan and attached a self adhesive felt pad to the head.It 's a hammer -- it works -- what more can I say .
 Item as described and shipped fast !!!! Also seems like good enough quality although I have really used them too much .
 I owned this stock and made a penny or two from it . TEXTRON is a good company and it is not surprising that their tools are subsequently of fine caliber .
 To be honest I have n't had the chance to really use these tools to there fullest capabilities . I have no dought that they will be more than enough to get the job done . They we 're a good price to .
 What a great wrench set . I wish they were a little thicker , but I 'm not concerned . I 've been putting them in some pretty intense situations with hundreds of lb/ft of torque and they 've been wonderful . Every size you could ever want .
 All wrenches were present , in good condition , and marked.This was the best set I found which met my requirements of being forged steel , metric and SAE , and range of sizes .
 For the price these are ablsolutely perfet . They have SO many different sizes I could n't have asked for more . My boyfriend loved them , came with a convenient case you can even hang them on the wall . Best deal for the money , I searched everywhere on every site and this was the right purchase .
 love this set of tools , nearly every size included , great price and easy to store . there 's not a better set of tools with as many sizes as this
 I bought this set with some trepidation given some of the negative reviews I had seen . My set arrived in pristine condition , with the all of the correct wrench sizes . The red holder did smell quite strongly of moth balls for a while , but after only a couple of days it had almost completely faded.Not much more than that to say . I would definitely recommend this to anyone in need of a cheap wrench set !
 I 'm very happy with this set of combination wrenches . I 've had cheap wrenches that rounded off on the first heavy use - these did not . I put over 60ft-lbs of torque on the 17mm and it did not show any damage . The middle part is thinner than my Craftsman set , so if you ran it over with a truck one would likely bend , but used properly I did not feel it bend . The roll that comes with it is better quality than I expected - nylon fabric with pvc backing instead of just stitched pvc . The wrenches were all there , no missing or doubled sizes as others have reported and it does not have any excessive smells . It could have a better closure strap , instead of the flimsy nylon cord that was just tied onto an eyelet , but for the price I did n't even expect one of those . I can always just add a cinch-strap if I find it necessary . Overall , very good set of wrenches for an awesome price . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a less-expensive set of wrenches .
 Received the set with all pieces and have been using them often for the past several months . The tools are well made and it 's one of the most complete wrench sets available in terms of the range of sizes . I 've been using them primarily for car repairs and they 've been holding out very well so far .
 So far i like them , I see that other people had issues with missing some or two of other but mine are all there and seem to be in good shape.Even if i was missing a wrench the costumer service to get it replaced seems good since they comment on each review that has an issue . so alone i would give it 5 stars for both the tool and the people help . Thanks guys
 I could not find a better set of wrenches at this price point . You get 24 , for a great low price and they come in the roll-up case , they look great and work well .
 Inexpensive price , great quality . Comes with a pretty good and useful rubberized fabric case . I would buy this brand again .
 These are very well made , lifetime garranty wrenchs . The price is the real reason I bought them . The wrench set is made in india , appears to be of very high quality and they do say they stand behind them . For someone that needs tools , but does n't have to use them everyday , these are perfect . If you have to use your tools everyday , I recommend getting something that you can have replaced very quickly if something were to happen -LRB- like the same day -RRB- . These were purchased to be kept inside of my vehicle so that I can have some tools just in case something were to happen , for that they are perfect .
 This is a great set for everyday medium use . -LRB- Have n't had a chance to use it in extreme conditions . -RRB- After a few days of use , I ordered a second set to keep in the truck . The shape of the handle feels a bit awkward on the hand and did take some getting used to but non the less this is a good set for the price , an excellent set for the reduced price .
 It 's a great buy . I had been looking for a `` complete '' set of SAE and metric wrenches in local home center and hardware stores for a couple of months -LRB- for some DIY jobs on my cars -RRB- . What disappointed me time over time is that no store seems to carry any reasonably `` complete '' wrench sets -LRB- SAE , Metric or both -RRB- . After many visits and disppointments to the different local stores , I finally gave up and came back searching over my Amazon . A couple of clicks away , there it is . This Tekton 1916 has been waiting for me to pick . I am very happy to have the sets . It seems to have all the sizes I may need for my DIY jobs . I have just used the 19 mm with a 14 mm from a previous small set -LRB- 5 pieces only with many sizes missing . I want to keep the new 14 mm new for now -RRB- to adjust the driver side tie rod end -LRB- replacement part -RRB- for the steering system of my car -LRB- please do n't mess with yours if you do n't know how -RRB- . They fit and work perfectly . The vanadium steel is realy hard to beat . I now know Tekton as well . By the way , there is no missing or duplicating sizes in the set . They are as complete as in the descriptions . They smell as good as all the hardworking good tools do .
 Great price for the quality and quantity of assorted wrenches . The product came in extremely fast -LRB- Im stationed overseas -RRB- . I am missing the 5/16 '' wrench but as soon as I got home , I called the customer service number and did n't wait more then 5 minutes . The rep was very nice and willing to work with me . The wrench was sent same day . I am a very happy customer and I will be doing more business with the company in the future !
 I am very pleased with this product . The quantity for the price was very fair , and the packaging was very nice as well . Thank you
 I have used them for alignment of positive toe on the alignment rack and doubled up wrenches and still no mishaped opened end . also unlike all the big named wrench manufatuers this has most of the sizes needed and not missing a 13/16 SAE .
 wrenches seem well made.although i have not used them yet . lots of sizes.i wanted to be able to put wrenches , into a roll up bag.however , the bag is made very cheap , and will not last long.set is worth the money , I will buy a new roll up bag , when i need it.for the price , i think it is worth it .
 Great set of wrenches for a great price as long as you dont caree about name brand they are a solid set of tools
 As a Electrician and in the industrial field you get an idea of quality , for instance what to look for in a tool and taking this into account and how often i would use these spanners made the ideal choice , Dont get me wrong if I were using theses spanners every day Im not sure how long they would last but im not and for the price top marks
 These wrenches are a great value for the money . They seem to be well made and should last a long time.Pros : --------------- + The price for what you get it hard to beat . + Wrenches seem durable and well made . + The cloth organizer bag is nice.Cons : ---------------- The cloth organizer and/or the wrenches have an extremely strong smell . It almost smells like paint thinner . Hopefully this will go away in time , it smells like it may be toxic . - Even when you roll the bag up tightly , there 's no way to prevent some of the wrenches from touching each other . Not really a con for most people , I wanted them to stay `` quiet '' and not bang around in my truck on offraod trips , but it did n't happen.Conclusion : --------------- This is a great set of wrenches and an even better value for the money .
 These appear to be a nice set of wrenches for relatively cheap . As others have pointed out , there may be some quality control issues -LRB- wrong size wrenches , too many of one size -RRB- . I was ` lucky ' and got all the sizes as described on the packaging and as marked on the red folding case -LRB- which by the way smells like it was soaked for days in a mothball soup ... you will need to let this air out -RRB- . On the other hand , I did notice some rust spots on the 5/16 '' ; I 've uploaded a picture in the gallery for this item . It does look like it 's just on the surface and can be removed but that 's beside the point . Are n't these supposed to be new ? And if so , what kind of warehouse have they been sitting in that they develop rust like this?Besides this flaw , the wrenches themselves seem pretty heavy duty although I have n't had a chance to really test them out . For the money this set is a really good option if you can get past the QC flaws .
 This wrench set is pretty good , but not great . The price is right and they do work.A couple cons : - Almost all of the wrenches looked dirty and not brand new.-The 11 mm wrench had no marking whatsoever to tell me that it was 11 mm -LRB- every other wrench was engraved with the size -RRB- . - The roll-up case smells and needs to air out for a couple days.Overall I am happy with the product . It is a good starter set and has a good variety of standard and metric sizes to do what I need to do .
 husband was well pleased with this , said the wrenches looked great and evenly weighted.the pouch seemed to be made well also
 My first real good wrench set for working on my vehicle -LRB- s -RRB- . I went by the reviews of others and went ahead with this Tekton set . Very sturdy ; feels great in the hands and looks unused after multiple uses already . I like the pouch too for finding the right size fast .
 Would be a 5 star but the 11mm was missing . I got 2 12s . Nice quality and case is nice .
 These are good , durable wrenches . They 're not as nice as Craftsman , but they 'll work just fine and I have money left in my pocket .
 numberous sizes for common items and stores itself in a carring case which is good for the house or the car without taking up a lot of room .
 Came on time and in good condition . Overall ok wrenches , I was a little disappointed they are not fully polished like I prefer . the roll up bag they came in has a weak rope tie system to hold the roll closed , should be a Velcro system instead . I will use these in the trunk of my car for those emergency situations
 The quality is very good . I got all sizes as described , only small complain is the bag is little small to put out or in the 1 '' one .
 Good set of spanners , I have applied a lot of torque to these spanners even used a breaker bar over the 24mm , very solid very impressed.The spanners themselves are nice and thick , good quality.Very handy set were a socket wont fit .
 TEKTON 1916 Combination Wrench Set , SAE/Metric , 24-PieceI so very much like this wrench kit . Every SAE and every Metric wrench size was an exact item in the kit . Especial like the raised shoulder in each middle of the wrench . This provides strength . A short fall is the wrench length for the very small sizes . Small size means small torgue.This 24 piece kit is a lifetime purchase . So wish I had purchased years ago . The kit is value and quality for the ages . Buy and you will like it .
 I already have a rather complete set of both SAE and metric combination wrenches , but there are times that , because of limited clearance issues , combination wrenches on both sides of a connection are necessary . This set includes most of the commonly-used sizes , and , if a beginner is starting a set , most of what he 'll need until he 's ready to take on the `` big jobs '' , larger or smaller sizes can be added individually as the need arises . I do n't know how long-lived the finish will be , but the wrenches appear sufficiently substantial and accurately-sized for all but the most demanding applications . It 's no less than a good set to start with , and a welcome addition to my toolbox .
 Great Wrench Set for the price . Have n't had a problem with them yet . Wish the case would of been made better .
 I bought these tools about 1 year ago I have doubled up wrenchs , used them on suspension , axles , numerous different things to test these and still hav n't bent , broken or mishaped . These things are the real deal and awesome for the price .
 I have had this faucet in my kitchen for almost three years and love it . We splurged on it when we re-did our kitchen because the faucet is something you use more than anything else -- more than stove , microwave , etc. -LRB- Maybe we use the fridge as much . -RRB- It is a beautiful faucet . The magnetic release requires just a very light touch to use the pull down sprayer . It is high enough to wash big stock pots and such.One reviewer said it was a little awkward getting used to the right hand side on-off lever -- but we gave one to my Mother-in-law and her plumber was able to simply turn the unit around and place the lever on the left . So , I am not sure that 's an issue or else she had a bootleg plumber . Anyway , hers works fine , too.The soap dispenser leaves a lot to be desired . Our was always balky , but finally started gushing soap at the base . I called Delta today and they are sending out a whole new soap unit . I think I bought ours the month it was introduced since it was n't in any of the catagloues or in any of the fixture stores and had to be special ordered . Thus I am hoping in the nearly three years since we got our faucet they have corrected any issues with the soap dispenser.When I called them they were ultra helpful and offered to send a new unit immediately at no expense . So while I am not thrilled with the soap dispenser -LRB- which looks good , by the way -RRB- I am happy with their service in backing it up .
 To prepare my house for the market , we put in solid surface countertops with an undermount stainless steel sink . We chose the Allora faucet because of Delta 's reputation , our customer service experiences with them , and the price for value . The magetic attachment for the sprayer sets this faucet apart from the competition . We went to a major supply house showroom to try all the faucets . Returning the sprayer to the faucet neck had some degree of difficulty for all of them except the Delta Allora . It easily snaps back in place every time.Our house was on the market 90 days exactly . I am shopping for a replacement faucet for my new home and stopped by here on Amazon . I thought that I would share my experience with you on Allora . I will probably buy another one.I have two small grievances with the Allora . As others have mentioned , the soap dispenser is n't the greatest and secondly , you need to get used to the on/off lever being on the right side of the faucet if you 're left handed . It is awkward sometimes for certain tasks .
 Love it ! The size is nice - not too large/tall , but bigger enough to accomodate large items in the sink without crowding . Area behind the sink is very tidy - only two holes and looks stylish without looking trendy . One touch operation - on/off , hot/cold , spray/stream , fixed/or/hose . We use the spray feature much more than we did with the separate spray fixture , plus the spray area is much wider . So convenient to just grab the head while the water is running - easy flip to spray and back - the hose retracts easily , snaps right back into place.Update
 Installed it on a solid counter-top with under-mounted stainless steel sink and it looks great - just like a picture in the re-modeling magazines . Have used it for 3 months now with no problems . My only caveat is that the soap dispenser is plastic and it would be nice if it were stainless , but that 's a relatively minor point .
 People are hard to please as we all know . There is nothing wrong with this faucet , it works perfectly . If you have it professionally installed you will not have a problem with installation . No one makes a good soap dispenser . That being said , this one works very well . Yes , you can install it for either a right or left handed person and can even adjust the hot and cold settings . It 's built well , it works well , it looks good and if you shop around you can get it for $ 230 like I did . I 'd recommend this faucet to anyone .
 I 'm a portrait painter now , but long ago as a boy I was trained by an old-time upholsterer -LRB- my father -RRB- ... and I can tell you that these magnetic hammers are designed for what they call `` spittin ' tacks . '' You actually put a small pile of upholstery tacks in your mouth , and rest 'em down along your jaw , like chewing tobacco ; then , using your tongue -LRB- no joke -RRB- you `` manipulate '' a single tack from the pile , and place it toward your lips , and with the tack head forward , no less -LRB- a difficult skill to develop -RRB- ; finally , you place or `` spit '' a tack onto the magnetized hammer head -LRB- and the curved design helps with this , as you actually put the hammer head into your mouth -RRB- and , with a quick turn of the wrist , you whack the tack onto the intended target at just right spot and with just the right force . I used to watch some of these old-timers go whack-whack-whack with terrific speed . Real artisans , those guys . A quality , professional hammer like this is completely necessary . We used to pay a lot more than this , actually .
 The handle is comfortable , the magnetic head is the perfect tool for getting a nail in a tiny spot , like the back of a frame . I 'm happy with this hammer . I 've used it to put hooks on a wall , the jagged plate for the back of a picture frame , and a craft project or two . Good purchase , seems to be a well made tool .
 I took a class to reupholster a sectional . The instructor had one for sale , put I searches amazon first . Glad I did . I saved money ! This showed up with a blue head , which worked out great because I knew which one was mine !
 Does the job , but could have been a little bigger on the tips like the old ones .
 The head is built with to much curve in it . To strike a nail squarely your wrist is bent more than necessary . The small head is great and is the reason for my purchase . One side is magnetized to hold a tack . Read that as tack not a nail unless it is a very small nail . There is not enough power in the magnet to hold a more than a 4d nail . It wasnt designed to do that so that is not an issue . The problem and it is only a small one is the curvature and the price . You can get an excellent hammer of this type at Home Depot for about half , their brand name is Husky .
 The other reviews are correct
 Took advice from one of the reviews and got in on the great price of this pot rack . It was almost $ 80 higher most other places on Amazon . Yes , ours also came with almost black finish , but i have no problem hitting it with some copper spray paint to brighten it up.Great price , speedy deliver !
 It is exactly as I expected ... very easy to use and clean and works well . I would recommend this for the price as well as the item .
 This thing just works . Simple and easy to install . It has more than enough power to close my gate and keep my puppies in .
 I am finding that the sharpener is functional but still the lead becomes a ; most a little too pointed for construction . I think it is still handy though to have it around . Its faster than using the utility knife and sometimes or most times I need a sharper edge to mark with . Not all that bad , but might not be everybodies cup of tea . The sharpener that is . Otherwise , the pencils are like everybody elses and work . Not much to say there .
 These are like what my father used . I have not used them yet , so do n't know how the pencil sharpener works .
 If you have any question about the quality/durability of this small deadblow hammer , DO N'T !!! Very , very nice . Great quality , great feel , great performance . My only wish is that I would have got 2 replacement heads right away so I am not fumbling for some in the future.Great price , great buy . Made in my country , USA .
 This hammer is a quality made tool which served it 's purpose when I was laying down brick and stone for walkways . I would recommend this hammer for it 's quality and added flexibility of changing the rubber end depending on the project and the belief that this tool will last a lifetime if not misused .
 Made in USA . Vaughan has been providing true to the test tools for working people in USA since I can remember . My Grandfather and Dad had Vaughan in their tool box and so will I.
 My husband uses these when he is working because he can still &#34; feel &#34; through the material ... its easier to pick up nails . So every Christmas he gets a new pair
 Buy them , they work . Flexible for ` finger use ' and protective of hands . Well worth price and very similar to more expensive products .
 the gloves are great the price was great service and delivery were great but i thought i ordered two pair of the same . i received one of what i thought i was getting and one that was a surprise . The mystery pair is of a lighter duty but still good gloves for the price .
 I use these gloves for everything from driving gloves , to work gloves , to shooting gloves , to shoveling snow . They are not insulated , so they dont keep you hands terribly warm , but they are great for keeping them dry , clean , and just a little warm on a cool morning . They fit very well . It 's interesting , they are not terribly expensive , but there are cheaper gloves such as what you can get from Harbor Freight . Well trust me , just get these instead , if for no other reason get them for the fit . If you need two reasons , then the second reason is the materials . They feel so nice . A little stiff when you first get them , but just wear them for a few hours doing whatever you would reguarly do with gloves on , and you will soon forget they are there . The leather palms and fingers provide a good grip and they also allow you to still use a smartphone . Of course you dont have the dexterity that you would have without them , which is especially noticable when trying to type those tiny letters on the screen , but they have enough to answer a call , key in your lock screen code , and other simple tasks.If you are looking , just buy them . You will be glad that you did .
 Very nice gloves especially for the $ 12.00 they have worked great and fit well good quality have used on my chainsaw chain even and no more lil cuts or snags
 I have been using these type of gloves for years . They are lightweight enough to feel what you 're using , and last long enough . I do n't blast through a pair of these in a week ! Wear them year-round . And if it gets down below 20 , I use hand warmer packs in the palm without much added bulk.Amazon 's price was 40 % less than I see in stores around here , so I got 3 pair . Should last the winter .
 seem to be high quality work gloves , great fit . everything I expected . Time will tell and if they suck I 'll update my review
 palm portion of the material is relatively thin , back of the hand portion of the material more breathable , integral resilient , very sticky hands
 I bought these for shooting sporting clays and have n't worn them for that yet , but have handled my shotgun in these gloves , and everything seemed to go well . I 've lit a BIC , poked out a message on a laptop keyboard , and can use the icons on my phone , but typing -LRB- touchscreen -RRB- is n't happening for me.I used the size chart you can print at the Mechanix site and it 's absolutely perfect on my hand , but my index finger to thumb area feels pretty tight with my hand open .
 Great price , great gloves . These are amongst the best on the market . Rugged , yet comfortable.I purchased an entire case because they are great .
 These are the best gardening gloves AND perhaps the best all-around gloves I 've used for working in the yard . They offer just the right amount of protection without making it difficult to hold tools , rocks , fire wood , etc. . These are my second pair replacing ones purchased two years ago .
 I have used just about every flavor of Mechanix Wear gloves . I am an aircraft mechanic and these are the perfect blend of protection and dexterity . I tried the fast fit , and while good too , they do n't fit as tight as these do . Any other pair of Mechanix get to thick and you lose the ability to pick up that washer that just fell on the ground , but these you can actually expect to be able to pick it up . These stood up to 12 hour days 7 days a week for over 2 months working on airplanes in Afganistan .
 I 've used Mechanix Wear gloves for a while now . Mainly for media productions . Setting & striking equipment . They are very nice . The last one I had were a pair of fast fit gloves . Those lasted for a while . I decided to try these to see the difference . These are just as good . Gets the job done . The velcro strap keeps it nice & snug . The gloves are real easy to wash & hang dry.Mind you that there are specific gloves for crew production setup / striking but they are too pricey for my budget . If I take care of my gloves they 'll take good care of my hands from getting injured . I 'll be ordering another pair of utility or fast fit gloves in the near future . Keep up the good work Mechanix .
 I bought these to use while I handle/shoot my guns . They are very comfortable . You still get a good Feel of what you 're touching with these gloves on . Best deal I could find anywhere .
 Perfect lightweight glove that gives you some general protection as well as still letting you be dexterous . The Velcro helps to ensure a perfect fit with the glove as well . So far its been holding up well and getting the job done
 These gloves are amazing for general use . I also use them in the winter just to keep my hands warm . I 've had 3 pairs now and they have consistently lasted atleast a year per pair . The only con is the finger tips get worn out over time making them basically useless . I 'd recommend getting a few pairs , you will not regret it .
 These gloves are amazing , especially for the price . I would say that these gloves are not designed to hold up to extremely hard use , but that is also what makes them great . They are tough enough to do many tasks , and the reason I like them the most is that you compromise very little finger dexterity when wearing these gloves . I have worn a pair out because I used them extremely hard , but I 'm getting another pair and still rating them a 5/5 . GREAT GLOVES .
 Gloves have held up well to abuse . I 've used them for yard work and automotive work . For some reason these seem to fit better than the all-black covert ones . Quality product , recommended .
 I never thought I 'd write a review of a work glove but I 've found that Mechanix work gloves are so thoughtfully designed that they deserve special mention.They 're available in a range of sizes for both men and women so that they fit like a , um , glove . Unlike the `` one size fits nobody '' no-name leather gloves that I used to use these still allow me to operate tool triggers and controls , handle smaller nails and screws , and perform delicate tasks while still having my hands protected from splinters and scrapes.I also like the velcro wrist closure . When I 'm working working outside the closure prevents dirt and debris from collecting in the cuff and falling into the glove.I think the best thing I can say about Mechanix gloves is that they do n't get in the way . They 're not a necessary evil -- they 're something you 'll want to use .
 I hate to wear gloves . They never fit well , they get in the way of operating equipment , and they constrict my hands . All that went away when I discovered these gloves . They are light , form fitting without being too tight , and really protect your hands . This is the second pair I have purchased since I wear them so often , in wet and muddy conditions , that I needed a spare set . `` hands down '' the best work glove ever .
 Nice gloves when you need a good grip on things ... not to mention keeping the crud off your hands . Plus , they make you look like a badass . Cool .
 I have very large hands and these gloves fit great . I have n't worn them for very long so I do n't know how long they will last but they seem to be of decent quality .
 hey theyre Mechanix brand right . . I dont use them for anything cept riding a motorcycle . The last pair held out for almost 18 months . .
 They fit well and your fingers still remain tactile . I was surprised how well I can pick up small parts . You do n't have to take them off to screw on a nut and then put them on again . Great product .
 I have last year 's model . Different color , same product ID.This model is the only one in the Mechanix line-up that gives good tactile feedback . I can type on tiny keyboards found on PDAs and Blackberrys with these on , slow typing though . These have replaced my shooting kevlar gloves . They are light duty but provide enough protection from splinters and such when doing yard work , moving heavy furniture , etc. .
 If you are looking for good a lightweight work glove , these are the best I 've ever had . I had an older style of Mechanix work gloves that I used for doing yard work -LRB- mowing , raking , etc. . They finally wore out and I ordered these . The leather palm and fingers work as expected and the `` mesh '' back keeps your hands very cool , even in hot weather . I have average size hands and the large size fits me perfect .
 Gloves are standards quality . Good for auto and household use . If wet they dry fast . Not so good keeping the water out but they fulfill the purpose .
 I just ordered a replacement pair of these because I like them so much . That may sound like a bad thing , but you must first understand I 've had the first pair for many years and I used them for a TON of different things , some of which were probably a bit more than `` light duty '' . These are by far the best gloves I 've ever had . These are not gardening gloves , nor are they heavy machinery gloves , so they would probably fall apart pretty quickly under such conditions . But they 're the perfect `` do everything else '' gloves to protect your hands during such activities as electrical work , working with power tools , carpentry , plumbing , etc. . Their tight fit and maximum dexterity make them quite cozy to wear , thus I find myself reaching for them when I should , as opposed to dreading putting them on . I love using them when doing electrical work such as replacing receptacles or switches . Just in case the power is n't off for some reason , they 're another line of defense . The other day I was swapping out a bad receptacle and was trying to figure out why I was feeling a slight itch in my left hand . Turns out the power was on and my finger -LRB- with the gloves on -RRB- was laying across both contacts ! That most definitely would have felt a lot worse without the gloves on . Bottom line
 I purchased the Vaughan 31/2 - Pound Single Bit-Michigan Pattern Axe in June this year . It was a described . The handle has excellent grain and should last a long time . In fact , it has some of the best grain I 've seen in an axe handle . However , the edge needed serious sharpening but once I had sharpened it , it is one of the best cutting axes I 've used . Too bad it 's not available in a 4 or 41/2 pound weight . I would n't recommend it as a splitting axe , the blade is too thin for splitting and would get stuck deep in the split . But for a cutting axe , I 'd recommend it.I took one star off my rating for needing so much sharpening . But that 's the only reason for 4 stars rather than 5 .
 Solid product on receiving it . Nice handle and head . Nothing to make it standout -LRB- engraving or exceptional design -RRB- , but a solid product and a rational price , made in USA.More of a trimming or chopping axe , not for splitting
 ordered it one day was delieverd the next day what can yo say but good great dealer to work with
 Una opci&oacute;n para realizar paneles de puertas con Routers de velocidad fija , herramienta de muy buena calidad y de precio razonable
 Northstar tools went out of business so I was glad to find replacement blades for my boxes . If I did n't buy them now I would 've had to retrofit from other brands names .
 Very sturdy and durable . The zipper , materials and stitching all appear heavy duty . Zipper seemed somewhat tight initially , but I expect it will loosen up with use . This makes for a very useful inexpensive tool bag .
 These bags are seemingly identical to the original issue bags.I bought two and am delighted to have them . I use one as a range bag for my pistol the other as a tool bag .
 This purse , I mean mechanic 's tool bag works really well . The bottom is sturdy and is very capable of holding equipment . I have a few small complaints though . - The zipper is poorly designed - The side compartments are hard to open and they do n't hold very much . They 're divided into 3 small sections . -LRB- Although they do look nice -RRB- - The inside pouches are kinda annoying too.But , I would still recommend it .
 I bought this to use for computer cables . I have several different cables from years of working on computers . I needed a good quality bag to stuff as many cable as possible in this bag . It is a nice size , and very well made . I also noticed the stiff zipper , but it is not a problem to me . Overall a very nice bag for a zillion differ uses .
 While I do n't recall access to this bag while I served in the Army , I am pleased to have one now ! I was pleasantly suprised to see the quality of the construction of the tool bag . I look for stitching of the seams and quality of the zipper and snaps - all are of first quailty!Finally , the price sold me . It is well worth 25 % more than the advertised price . I intend to purchase the larger bag as the need arises .
 I needed a bag in my truck to organize all the electronic stuff scattered in various places . All my chargers , cords , ipod plugs , pc cables , gps , digi camera and flashlights are now in a portable bag . I can take bag out for security reasons if needed . Very durable and heavy duty for it 's size . I recommend it .
 Solid and sturdy , just like I expected it to be . I 'm thinking of getting a couple more for various heavy-duty uses .
 Acts as my pistol bag . Plenty of room for ammo , eye & ear protection and a few other things . Great value .
 Awesome bag everybody should have more than 1 You can you see things for anything very heavy duty excellent bag
 I keep it in the car with a bit of everything for emergency roadside tools . It holds quite a bit so long as you keep organized & I like the hard bottom to it so it does n't go limp when it 's empty .
 Pretty much the same as the old miitary issue . Durable good bag for a small took kit in my truck .
 The bag is great , everything that I wanted , except that I misjudged the size . I wanted something for a range bag that was n't too big for my limited needs . This Rothco bag would have been perfect if I had selected one slightly bigger . NOT any fault of Rothco or Amazon - all my fault .
 I used one of these canvas tool bags when I was in the service , and it is one of the handiest &#34; tool boxes &#34; you 'll ever find . The one I ordered through Amazon is identical in every way -LRB- except for all the dirt and grease and worn spots . I felt great when I transfered my carry-around tools into this new bag . I 'll tell you , when you find a winner , you keep it , and this tool bag with brass zipper is the real deal .
 Just another bag right , well it is great for any utility . This is the same exact bag I have used since my military days to tote tools around the house and in the truck for 15 + years now . These bags are made from a heavy canvas type material , have a solid zipper , and sturdy snaps on the exterior side pockets . The bag can withstand abuse and hence are useful for just about any purpose such as camping , plumping tools , electronic tools , hardware ... you get the idea . If your just looking for a hearty no nonesense bag this one should fit the bill . Rothco also makes another similar bag which is slightly longer which I use for my gun cleaning gear such as those long cleaning rods , long pipe cleaners , a small 8x8 tin pan and all the other cleaning tools and supplies . Highly recommended !
 I bought this to use as a range bag for my sig . This thing is awesome . Very very well made and durable . The bottom has a hard insert so it stays flat . The zipper is heavy duty . Nice pockets on the sides . It looks great too .
 The Rothco G.I. Brass Zipper tool bag is a high quality item . It is made of a heavy cotton canvas with a large solid brass zipper . I bought it to put some tools together to have in my vehicle at all times and for that it is perfect . Highly recommended .
 ordered this bag based on another review ... I got it and when I checked it out , I decided that I 'm getting about 5 or 6 more just because they are so handy to have arounddo I highly recommend this ? You bet your brass-zippered bag I do !
 I use this bag for my vehicle . I put the following in :2 tow strapstree saver winch strapjumper cableswinch controllerglovessocket wrenchreflector vest2 '' ball hitchGREAT bag for the price . The zipper seems strong , as is the stitching . There are two `` pockets '' on both interior sides . I think it 's a great bag to hold miscellaneous items in a vehicle . I 'm about to order another .
 This bag is a little smaller than you might need to keep a large quantity of power tools . But it 's the right size tor taking some hand tools for a ride in your truck .
 We own a 2008 Ford Explorer XLT and we tow an ATV when traveling . This black canvas bag holds jumper cables for our Explorer , the steel trailer hitch adapter -LRB- one inch drop -RRB- , two different size towing balls , tools for removing the trailer spare tire from it 's mount , axle / hitch ball grease , spare trailer wire and adapters in case of accident , and the Ford emblem hitch cover we use when not towing . In summary , this bag is rugged , cost effective and it does not occupy a lot of space in our vehicle . It is perfect for consolidating all the small junk that was rattling around within the Explorer compartments .
 Great bag for the money and prefectly fits in my truck tool box . I actually bought ... 5 ! I have one with sockets , clothes , rope/rachets straps . Hard to go too wrong . If the zipper was more heavy duty it would be a 5 star .
 Excellent bag and value get you 2 or more i did in different Sizes one for SAE and Metric . Brand new and heavy duty
 We have about ten of these bags . We use them to store our fall protection gear in . The green will fad pretty fast in the sun/UV rays . They are made from cotton . There is a flap that folds over the zipper to keep dirt and water out . They seem to be well constructed and have consistent quality .
 Just the right size . I have two of these , one that I keep in the back of the truck with jumper cables , flares , tow strap etc. and another that I use as a range bag for my pistol . Heavy cotton canvas has held up well so far . For the price , ca n't go wrong .
 This bag looks like it will last forever . The zipper is heavy duty and the handles are sewn all around the bag so they will never pull out . The only problem is it 's too big for what I wanted . This thing is huge ! That 's not really a problem of course . I will definitely find another use for this . It will hold a lot and not fall apart .
 I bought two of these bags . I am using them to store &#34; car emergency kits . &#34; The bag is a little smaller than a duffel bag but has a nice capacity . Currently mine is holding a ton of supplies , including a medical kit , LED Lantern , Folding shovel , folding saw , crank/solar radio , and much more . Pleased with this purchase .
 Great quality and functionality . I expect it will last a long time and plan to order more . Thanks very much .
 This is a very good bag . It is large enough to hold lots of gear . I use it for winch accessories and other things . It could be more sturdy , as somewhat more thick of a material but it appears that it will last a long time . I would order it again and may do so for other things .
 Finding canvas bags are easy enough if you 're looking for small ones . But try finding a good sized medium one is a bit harder . I 'm a truck driver and have bought 2 versions of this bag in slightly different sizes by Ronco . This is used to hold all my gear I 'll use in my truck
 Not much to say other than this is a great bag with durable construction . I use it to hold my sockets and ratchets . It is a much better way to go than a blow mold case .
 Tossed the ice scraper , screwdrivers , pliers , tire tool , flares , spare can of oil in the bag , with plenty of room to spare -- basically all the things that were loose in my trunk now had a home . Rugged zipper , very durable canvas . Great value . Will order several more for gifts .
 I use this thing on trucks with really heavy ratchet straps inside . It can sure take a beating . I even had my union logo embroidered on it ! I would definitely buy this product again but I might not have to since it 's holding up so well !
 i have boughten two sizes of this bag . ones for a emergency bag for my van the other is for whatever . pretty good quality . great buy
 This item was exactly as advertized and it was just what I wanted . It is made of heavy material and is just perfect for tools .
 this tool bag is plenty big for a hammer or most hand tools you might have . It 's soft so you can squeeze it in a tight space . It 's plenty strong . I like it .
 The better half 's Jeep sees tow duty infrequently , but it does have its own ball mount and ball for when it does , along with a locking hitch pin and a 7-4 way light adapter . The bag holds it all nicely . Nice thick canvas that seems likely to be quite durable , and the perfect size for the intended application .
 I purchased this bag to keep auto tools and car jack in my trunk.The bag is well contructed and durable.It is the perfect size for my car jack.There is nothing exciting about an olive drab tool bagbut it more than serves it 's purpose and I think it will lastmany years , Recently I bought another of these bags for my son.I have also used this bag for my large RC cars , the baghold 1 car , extra tires , controller and spare batteries .
 Tough little bag . I bought this bag to keep some tools in it for my bug out vehicle . This bag really fit the bill , I have all my tools that are 18 inches in length kept in it . Some of these tools have some pretty sharp edges and this bag keeps them secured and out of harms way . For the price , you really have nothing to lose for giving this little bag a chance to prove itself .
 Before I purchased it I thought it was what it says it is , a Tanker Style Tool Bag . I had no expectations of glossy finish or fine luggage . I just wanted a functional dependable relatively heavy duty canvas bag with a big link -LRB- hard to snag -RRB- zipper . As a previous reviewer reported - it is indeed a great place to store my 2 '' square drop trailer hitch and extra balls . My original one - from military surplus - has carried tire chains for 25 years . This one will be around a while too .
 This is a smaller bag , but heavy duty canvas . I threw about six bottles of wine and four cans of nuts in it and went traveling , no problem . Inside there are 2 inner side pockets . . will work well for tools or a small gym bag . It looks good and is a nice bag .
 I have had the Red Rubber Grip version of this light for about a year now and use it daily as a tool . I have to say that the LED is extremely bright and works great for what I need it for . There are those that want the focusable beam but even on my mag LED the focus is pretty pathetic . This flashlight is dropped and stood on and banged up on a regular basis and while my Maglight LED did n't make it , this one continues to provide flawless service . I love it when I have a friend that is showing me something with their Maglight LED and I turn mine on and their light beam is devoured by mine . It always prompts the question of `` what kind of flashlight is that '' ? It is water proof , although I do n't know to what depth . My little ones like to take a bath with it and turn out all the lights . I use rechargeable batteries with it and they seem to last for a very long time . I am buying another one for a friend . I would definitely buy this product again and again if it performs like mine has for the last year .03.06.12 I have now had this flashlight for over three years now and it is still working strong . I use it multiple times throughout the day ... every day . Since my first post , the red rubber grip has been removed due to it being stretched out from using my old maglight holster which is a little on the narrow side . Also , the decorative red rubber band around the top is also finally gone from wear and tear . The light is still working well . Went through another mag light since then . The housing on the maglight is fine but the way the bulb is situated is the problem . The victorinox brand is well secured and protected even when the head is removed . The Maglight has the LED exposed when the head is removed so if it is dropped or mishandled -LRB- such as by my kids -RRB- you run the risk of ruining your flashlight . As stated in the first post , I find the broad beam to be most suitable for the work I am doing where I need to see the broad picture . The spot beam works best for long distance viewing while the diffused beam of the Victorinox is best suited for everyday use and for using it to light the ground in front of you on a dark evening . One of the other posts has done some good homework and makes some good objective points about the qualities of each light . It appears from his research that Victorinox does n't convert the available energy very well but also points out that it provides light with lower voltage than the Maglight . This post also indicated that his Mag provides a brighter light than the Victorinox . I ca n't speak to that and I do n't know the condition of the mag light my friend had . I do know that this light has always provided bright usable light and has been indestructible . It has lasted longer than any maglight I have owned . If you want some reassurance about the quality , this light is made for Victorinox my Emissive Energy Corp which is the INOVA brand . They make military flashlights and flashlights used by the TSA and other government agencies . Very high quality stuff . If you want a compact , durable flashlight with good broad light that will always work , buy the Victorinox . If you want something different then buy something different.Conclusion
 What sets this flashlight apart from other AA LED flashlights is superior optics . The beam is brighter than a couple of other brands I 've owned and the beam pattern is outstanding . Although there is no focus adjustment , the beam has a bright center spot and a dimmer outer band , so that is not a major drawback in most instances . Also , the beam pattern is uniform without any `` lopsided '' look to it as with some of the cheapies . This is the one to own if you use a flashlight frequently and/or want a keeper as opposed to a throwaway .
 Pro
 Main characteristics
 I 've seen some complaints that these Victorinox flashlights do n't have an on/off button . Some camping/hiking flashlights purposely avoid having a pressure sensitive on/off switch so they do n't accidentally turn on while in your crowded backpack without your knowledge , and completely drain the batteries . This can happen in a crowded drawer or toolbox too . Not as convenient , but better than finding out you have dead batteries in the middle of the woods or during a blackout .
 This flashlight is great . It puts out a bright white light that lights up a big room . It is a convenient size if you need to carry it with you . I bought to give as gifts because family members saw mine and thought it was great . It was a great price , too !
 This flash light worked way beyond expectations . I got it to replace my Maglite 3AA LED and the Victorinox AA LED Flashlight out-performs the Maglite in all aspects ... brighter , more compact and weighs less . All pluses for reducing load and increasing efficiencies on a backpacking trip , every ounce counts !! No focusing capabilities but all things considered the increased brightness trumps the ability to focus -LRB- focusing is not a necessity -RRB- .
 I had been wanting a really , really bright white flashlight when I happened upon these at Tuesday Morning , a couple of years ago . Unfortunately , I had only purchased the larger version of this -LRB- with the C batteries -RRB- . By the time I got myself back there , they did n't have either size left . I looked for them online and finally found the smaller size at Amazon.com I love this flashlight ! It 's so bright and the light is so white . The best flashlight I 've ever had . I highly recommend it.Note
 I am absolutely enthralled with this flashlight . I went camping a couple of years ago with this guy buried in my bookbag as a last resort emergency light -LRB- I had gotten it for free along with a Swiss pocket knife I 'd purchased -RRB- . After realizing that the Coleman MicroPacker lantern was absolutely useless , and upon recognizing that my old flashlight was fairly dim , I panicked and pulled this guy out in hopes of a miracle . And , of course , it delivered in spades . This is the brightest beam I 've been able to find on a budget , and it cuts through the dark like a hot blade cuts through butter.On my annual camping trip the next season , my girlfriend , remembering how awesome this light was on our previous trip , never let this light out of her grip . It 's the choice of champions , and I will never be without it again .
 I ca n't wait to use this when it 's needed . I 've waited a long time for this tool , after lots of toys this is a relief .
 I used this little gem camping when my mag-lite ran out of batteries . All I can say is that I was blown away by how bright this flashlight was and it fits in the pocket of your pants . I 'd like to give one of these to every one as a X-mas gift . Do yourself a favor and get one to store in your car or even next to your night stand . Well crafted . Funny thing is I got this with a bottle of Swiss Army Cologne . The gift that keeps on giving .
 I see that some reviews are being shared inappropriately among different products . This is for the `` Rothco G.I. Brass Zipper Mechanics Tool Bag '' -LRB- in black in particular -RRB- . I bought this bag to replace the ad hoc collection of bags , tool boxes , and bins I used for working on computers . I am often going out to work on computers and always need a different set of items , including computer parts -LRB- drives , cables , etc -RRB- , screw driver , software tool CD collection , flashlight , etc. . All this stuff is often of a size which makes it too big to fit in a rigid tool box which would be the appropriate volume , or it would require bringing a tool box which is too big.This tool bag seems to be the solution . It is small , light , and has this odd characteristic of having more room in it than one would think . It is thick and robust , but it is also light and one can collapse it . I think I should be able to put most stuff in this bag that I would want -LRB- all except a full sized keyboard -RRB- to bring . I put the things in it which I always bring and there is plenty room for whatever addition items I would want to bring to most places.For the price and quality of this bag , I think it is worth getting at the price given here even if it turns out to be too small for most uses . It seems to be a very good thing to have if one has any use for something like this . I highly recommend it .
 I 've used one of these my whole military career and have missed it since I got out . Found these on Amazon , bought one . It 's identical to the one I used in the service , and has a great heavy duty brass zipper . So , I bought this one as a Christmas gift for my step-son , a Master Mechanic . He loves it . What more is there to say ?
 This bag is reminiscent of the bags I used in the military . This bag will fit the small number of maintenance tools and tools that I need on the road and I plan to keep it in the trunk . Someone needs to get the `` Military Blanket '' reviews out of here .
 This bag is everything it claims to be and some ... Sturdy , heavy zippered , light weight , strong canvas . Great bag for many types of handy people ... lol . I actually purchased this bag based on J. F. O'Neill 's recommendation Thanks ... as I am using it for the same purpose and it has helped with all my testing tools - CD 's cables etc. . Other people who have seen this bag are like ... `` Nice bag I 'd like one of those '' . I am about to purchase a second one for other tools/project .
 great quality bag and functional . It is just enough for my tools . I wish it had a hard bottom . The zipper is heavy duty . You really ca n't go wrong with this bag for small tools like wrenches , screw drivers , etc. . .
 A good quality bag with plenty of room . I put together a nice little car kit and everything fit perfectly in this bag . There was enough room for a first aid kit , some zip ties , a roll of duct tape , some shammy cloth , a crank flash light , basically everything you might need if you have car problems . I would buy this bag again .
 Easy to say that this bag is well-made and quite handy and for carrying a load of wrenches , sockets and other hand tools . This bag is sturdy and can hold some serious weight for a small bag . Many of my co-workers have this same bag and I found out that I needed one . Its a must have for getting work done .
 This tool bag can hold a ton of tools , do n't let it 's compact size fool you . You will also appreciate it 's strength and heavy duty zipper . Excellent tool bag .
 I 've discovered a skew is much easier to use sharp with the proper angles than to be just ground down on a grinder . This jig helps me keep the proper angles and the skew sharp over and over and over . I find my techniques have really improved using a properly sharpened skew opposed to the way I was doing it before . If you have a wolverine jig you need this as well in my opinion .
 Yeah , I could have made a jig but I 'd rather be turning than making a sharpening jig . This works well and is easy to set up .
 I was so impressed with the One Way Wolverine grinding kit that I added the skew attachment to my arsenal .
 This improved my skew sharpening by 70 % at least . Now I sharpen them , strop them on some leather and they are razor sharp .
 Easy to set upEasy to get sharp toolsHelps in keeping tools sharp while working on lathe.Quickly get tools sharp .
 Ordered this along with the Wolverine Grinding Jig and they both work great . Easiest way ever to quickly sharpen lathe turning tools . Set up time less than 20 minutes to permanently attach to grinder mounting base . Now to use the grinding jig or the skew attachment it takes less than 20 seconds to set up and just seconds to sharpen the tool perfectly every time.Oneway Wolverine Grinding Jig
 The Sharpener arrives on time.It 's small , compact , working but need your skill to sharp the drill bits , not good to sharp the scissor , because the adapter is in the way , I have to remove the adapter to sharp scissor by holding it directly to the sharping stone wheel.For the price it 's worth the money.BN
 I am so pleased with this light fixture . I have a fairly small dining room , with a fairly low ceiling . I replaced a 5-light chandelier with this one and wow , what a difference ! It gives off beautiful , even light , without casting any shadows up , down , or around , unlike my previous one . My dining room does n't feel as cramped as it did . The glass shade is a pretty color , not marbled . Very classy ! Love it ! I gave it 4 stars only because the bronze parts of the fixture do not screw in very securely . It 's not a big deal , but I would have liked it to fasten more securely to the fixture .
 I installed the Viking Weather Resistant Door box to allow me to answer the door bell without having to open the door . The installation does take some knowledge of wiring basics , but overall fairly simple . It is designed to be connected to a spare line on a two line telephone so you can answer the door box from any phone -LRB- even cordless -RRB- that has a spare second line . The benefit is enormous , not only for dealing with door-to-door salesmen , but for not having to walk from the back yard to see who 's at the door . This would be very handy for any handicapped person . This is a must for the security conscious . Viking products have been used by the Telephone Industry for many years and are very reliable .
 We bought one of these systems shortly after we brought our twins home from the NICU . Unfortunately my wife was not able to breast feed and we had to put them on a formula diet . We wanted to make sure that they were getting the purest water and the cost of `` Good '' bottled water was out of the question for how much we were using . At the height of our boys formula consumption they were going through up to a gallon day . I will admit that at first we bought this with the intention of just using it for the kid 's needs . That 's sure changed . Here is an explanation of the whole install process and what we ended up using it for .1 . When we got the system it had great instructions and was very easy to install . I am not a professional plumber by any means and I was able to install it in less than an hour of working time . I ran into one problem under my sink that required a trip to Home Depot . I mention this because some of you might run into this problem which is 100 % the builder/plumber of your homes fault and now yours to deal with . I had these cheap copper hot and water flexi pipes , that they use in some track homes , coming out of my wall instead of the industry standard valves . If you do n't know what I am talking about skip this part . This system needs the industry standard valves and I had to change them out . It is no big deal and it is a worthwhile upgrade to your house . The copper flexi pipes have a tendency to crack over time and will cause flooding if they do .2 . Once I changed out the valves it was smooth sailing . There are 2 brackets that you have to screw into the back of your cabinet that hold the filters and one hole you have to drill into the drain pipe . Hook up some fittings and place the tank off to the side and you are done . I am not an instruction guy but I will tell you that you need to use the ones that come with this . I was lucky and my sink had a soap dispenser that we did n't use and that hole was perfect for the water tap . I tightened everything up and it was working in about an hour once the tank filled . Remember the tank has to fill . I got frustrated when everything was hooked up and I did n't have any pressure . After consulting the instructions I realized I had to wait .3 . At first we basically used it for formula and continued to drink our bottled water . Please do n't ask me why ? I am a mountain spring water guy and believed in the glorious dream that perfectly clean water bubbles out of the ground and they bottle it . My wife and I started drinking the RO water and it was really good . It tasted better than my dream of the mountain spring water . So , now we are all drinking and cooking with the RO water . Anything that we cooked or mixed that needed water got the RO water . We even got Nalgene BPA Free , of course , water bottles to last us through the day . I even got in a fight with our daycare because they made the formula as needed and used tap water . I brought them RO water every day for our boys .4 . So now I had one last problem . We were using the tap water for our refrigerator and ice maker . I contacted a rep at Advanced Water Filters and he explained to me how to connect my fridge to the RO system . I also used this as an excuse to change the carbon filter in my fridge . I figured it was time and it was polluted . I now have a T valve going from the faucet supply line to my refrigerator . This gives us cold RO water and also RO ice . The first thing that I noticed is that the ice my fridge makes is now clear . With the tap water it was always white and cloudy . I 'm not sure of the scientific reason but I am sure clear is better . I will say that this was far more complicated and took two trips to Home Depot but was well worth it . You will need additional fittings , plastic water pipe , and may have to do a little drilling.Overall I am very happy with this and everyone in our family would n't want to go without it .
 I have used this light now for about 2 years . I 'm a Captain on a truck company and the light has never failed me . It is super bright and hangs on my turnout coat facing forward . Well worth the price for the quality .
 This light hangs on a hook on the front of my turnout coat . It has been durable with great battery life.I like that it takes AA batteries for inexpensive operation and easy to access battery replacement.I have had this light for over a year now and love it 's durability . Another great feature is the Recoil LED technology . This gives the light a permanently focused beam with a great pattern and great light efficiency .
 If you look at everything together
 I waited some time for this flashlight to finally come in at Amazon . They had the best price on it by far . I have used the smaller `` AA '' version of this flashlight for years now and love it . It outlasted by comparable Maglight by a long shot . The Maglight bulb is exposed when you remove the head , something my 2 year old loved to do . When it then gets dropped or tossed around , the bulb , even the LED bulb breaks . Victorinox seals up the bulb in the head so when you remove the head , all the critical parts are protected . When I got this light I was surprised at the nice weight and balance of the light . It is also fairly compact . More compact than my LED `` C cell '' Mag . This also has a superior 5.8 Watt LED versus the 3 Watt in the comparable Mag . The beam is not focusable but in defense of it , they have channeled the light in a dual pattern . part of the light is dispersed to the fringes providing enough light by which to see where one is going when walking in the dark . The other part of the light is channeled in a beam providing directed energy to what you want to point at . I am very please with this light and if it proves as durable as my other Victorinox light , it is a definite winner .
 Mine -LRB- purchased elsewhere -RRB- arrived with the bulb out of the socket . The socket is made of very thin , flimsy metal . The hooks that are supposed to hold the pins at the bottom sides of the bayonet lamp base had bent outward , allowing the lamp to be ejected by the force of the center pin contact spring . The hooks can be easily twisted inward using needle-nose pliers -LRB- or even tweezers -RRB- . If you insert the lamp carefully into the socket and carefully insert the lamp/buzzer assembly back into the probe , then you have a very useful tool.In case you should at some time need to replace the bulb , it is a standard # 1893 , 0.33 A at 14V bulb . The number is printed on the bulb base , but may be difficult to read.The directions say the probe can be used up to 28V , but the bulb would burn out quickly at twice rated voltage . If you do use it on a 24V system , you should change the bulb to # 1818 .
 I was having a problem with my battery draining , and this little tool allowed me to find the problem pretty fast . The light illumination is bright enough that you can see it illuminate from various locations around the car while troubleshooting . Most other testers like this has a small light indicator . This one is worth every penny and more .
 What can I say , this tester is simple and easy to use . I would suggest these to anyone looking for a wiring-circuit tester .
 Great product ! Works as described , I like the tone when connected correctly . Light when connected grd/pwr . Found this item for more money on other sites !
 This product worked as advertised . The price is well below other retailers by approximately $ 20 or so . However , the quality of the product is good , but not quite within the total price , which includes shipping . Still , I am satisfied with the purchase.Lisle 28640 The Ultimate Circuit Tester Kit
 It works , and sometimes makes a buzz noise . I did n't read the instructions if it came with any so I do n't know why . The roach clip and wire piercer are nice to have . I busted the wire piercer from too much stuff crammed in a drawer .
 Excellent Faucet Easy to install Looks Great Flawless Operation Received on time as specified . Recommend this faucet to others
 This is a very affordable and sleek faucet for your busy kitchen , that 's why I bought it to replace the standard junk . The Delta faucet comes in two choices , the satin finish , and the chrome . Both of which are affordable for around $ 100 -- $ 130 or so , to include a soap dispenser.The sleek satin finish matches nicely to my stainless steel sink with no water spots on the handle . If you prefer chrome to brighten your beautiful kitchen , that 's also a great choice.The faucent was nicely tucked into a gift like package and the instructions are easy to follow . The faucet fits a 1 hole or a 3 hole sink . There 's about 3 foot extension of the head , enough to power-wash large pots and pans for the special occasion.This faucet was my top choice because I needed some height to work with in a small sink , most faucets are either too low or too high -LRB- and expensive -RRB- . This one was just right.The installation was easy , did n't need to use caulk tape because the gaskets held up just fine . The soap dispenser was impractical because I store cleaning supplies underneath the sink . If you store stuff too , you 'll need some room under the sink ; the pullout hose has an attached weight to keep the head in place . The connecting inner flex hose is really stiff to install . This is a design that 's suppose to reduce build up in the tubes and the internal crystal coated valves.Overall
 This is a great faucet . Easy to handle and great looking . And the price was right , I 've paid just as much for a two handle with no spray that did n't last ! Wish I 'd bought one of these long ago .
 These dolphin wall murals are an excellent addition to my sons bathroom . So easy to put up and you can arrange them to your own liking . Better than pictures that make holes in the wall , have a tendency to fall and need cleaning . If I ever change the motif in our bathrooms I will definetly look for matching Wallpaper Wall murals again .
 Having recently purchased the 2c version for about $ 20 , I would like to give some thoughts.I have several LED flashlights-the Victorinox AA flashlights-superb-and the Mag AA LED , CC LED , DDD LED 's , and Leatherman AAA as well as a Surefire 2x123 Outdoorsman , so theres a bit of a wide range of comparative experience.I am very pleased with the CC version . Heres what i like the best : sleek and beautiful aluminum with red rubber trim ring and Victorinox shield decorationgreat feel and convenient sizevery bright but see belowbest part , but take note , beam has wide spill and nice even beam , cool slightly blue tint-absolutely perfect for paths , garages , dark rooms-nice even wide illumination-falls off at about 25 feet-easy on the eyes , run time at about 3.5 hourshas nice lanyardcons-rolls on flat surfacetwo hands to turn on and off-twist the capno focusone power settingandno spot-so things at a distance cant be ` pinpointed ' - a compromise for the lovely easy on the eyes flood beamcompared to the leatherman it has much less penetration and distancenot even close to the surefire for many aspects-but a fraction of the cost and much largeri love this light for keeping in the car , kitchen , bedroom , basement etc-perfect non hot spot throw for close in use-fine for walking at night-not so great for long distancevery similar to the mag light CC LED-close to perceived brightness-mag has spot light and deeper penetration , but imho poorer spill and evenness of beam much more rings
 The future is here . The incandecent bulb will soon be history with the strides made in LED lighting . Efficiency and lifespan are pretty good now and when the price comes down , look out Edison . This flashlight is a good example . A tiny LED converts the power of 2 C batteries into a lot of bright , white light with a nice focused beam and flood at the same time . Nice to hold , well made , compact and looks great too . What 's not to like ? Recommended !!
 Very bright light , highly recommended , easy to use switch with even with structural firefighting gloves on .
 I bought this light to use in my Search and Rescue activities . While I have an LED headlamp , this light has more features I find useful . It has multiple attachment points -LRB- belt clip , O ring and lanyard for the hand -RRB- . The beam is powerful and focused . The area around the light is photo-luminescent , providing additional ambient light . In general , I plan use get lots of use from this product . Great for camping as well .
 I just bought -LRB- 10/28/10 -RRB- the Pelican 3610PL , -LRB- model 3610-015-247 -RRB- and the ANSI specs on the card says 72 lumens , 7.25 run time , 10.5 oz . The bulb is a 1W recoil LED . There may be an older model with a 32hr run time with lower lumens but I heard that Pelican upgraded this model about 1-2 yrs ago.I highly recommend for FFs who want a lightweight , right angle flashlight for their turnout coats . It 's easy to locate and the on/off switch is easy to use with gloves on . No more fumbling with push buttons and/or using two hands to `` twist on '' the bulb enclosure with the standard 3C sabres ; If you 've ever used one of those on the fireground , you 'll know exactly what I mean ... There 's a SS clip at the top to clip onto turnout coat loops where the mic radio would normally clip on , or you can use a carabiner through the attached metal ring . The `` glow in the dark '' shroud is a nice touch . If you get this , you 'd better etch/brand your name onto it or it might find it 's way into someone else 's coat pocket !
 I love this flashlight , battery life is almost forever bright bright , better not lay it down because someone will surely walk away with it its my third light purchase I would n't work without it . very tough I gave it a 15 ft drop on a train on to the ballast below and it still worked like the first day I turned it on
 This flashlight is very bright and lightweight . Its everything i hoped it would be and more . couldnt ask for anything better . .
 This device can quickly end the timeless argument between man and woman as to whether or not the seat should be left up or down . After my girlfriend had a bit of an `` incident '' in the middle of the night -LRB- i.e. failing to check that the ring seat was down before proceeding -RRB- , it quickly solidified my desire to purchase this product.I bought two -LRB- one for her place , one for mine -RRB- and although her initial reaction was one of horror , as they seem a bit tacky , she has fallen in love with them . The best aspect of these bad boys is that you no longer need to blind yourself in the middle of the night , as the green/red LED lights are soft enough to avoid retinal shock yet provide enough light to do your business . Highly recommended ... I 'll probably be using these as stocking stuffers for the next 10 years -LRB- I pity you if you 're on my gift list -RRB- .
 Length :
 This really works as advertised . My wife , for obvious reasons , loves it . The light at night does not hurt your eyes and it teaches my 5-yr old son -LRB- and his Dad -RRB- proper `` potty etiquette '' . I 'd give it five stars but since I dropped it in the bowl , it no longer works . It wo n't fall off on it 's own but due to it 's proximity to various water sources , I would have liked it to be a little more water-resistant . I will buy another one.Tip
 This is a great product for any tech geek . So nice to wake up in the middle of the night and not being blinded by turning on the rest room light . This product gives a soft glow bright enough to shine the way . Has a sensor so you do n't have to worry about looking for a switch and automatically turns off after 2 minutes . Great buy !
 Will never search for the light switch in the bathroom which Seniors require . Great product . Just keep a supply of batteries on hand
 Great device . It works really well for me . I bought the thing at a bathroom shop , just to try it , and I was very pleased . The perfect night light just where I needed it . Be sure you know where you want to put before you remove the adhesive because it is not going anywhere after you set it in place . Well worth it . I am going to buy another one for me and I am getting one for my parents .
 I had another similar product , but it 's LED 's finally gave out after about 10 years . This light has very bright lights , a great motion and light sensor , and really is much nicer than what I had . I can not say anything bad about it except perhaps the back is abit hard to remove to replace batteries . But that is not a big deal once you get the hang of it . Very well built . I am sure it will last a long time and probably save me and others from a bad fall and late night `` surprise . ''
 The sticker holds up great , even with kids slamming the lid . The motion sensor is great so in the middle of the night , you do n't have to turn on the bathroom light .
 Great product when you want to go back to bed and not be blinded by bright light .
 t h i s i s a g o o d p r o d u c t a n d y o u s h o u l d g e t o n e
 The item work exactly as described . The sensors work great . No more going in the bathroom blinded buy bright lights or trying to hit the bowl in the dark . I 'm buying another for the powder room .
 I 've had the LavNav on the toilets in both of my home 's bathrooms for many years . It 's truly one of those items that when you begin using it , you ca n't live without it . My wife calls it the `` marriage saver '' since the LED lighting helps remind me to put down the seat . The batteries last about 6-9 months before you 'll need to change them again . You 'll know when the lights just are n't as bright as they were when you put fresh batteries in it.One year , I gave the LavNav as a gift to everyone in my family , and even close friends for Christmas . They all loved it and I still get asked from those same people where I got the product . From the feedback of those that I had given it to , I learned that only one of the lights will work if the toilet seat is black . Other than that , it works like a charm on standard white toilets.I would think that it may not work with U-shaped toilets as well since the LavNav relies on the top lip of the toilet seat when the `` seat sensor '' is checking to see whether the seat is up or down.The motion sensor , or maybe it 's an infrared sensor , picks up my motion as soon as I walk into the bathroom in the dark at night . Immediately , the soft green lights illuminate the area around the toilet . I absolutely love not having to turn on the bathroom lights as I 'm able to get back to sleep quickly and I do n't disturb my sleeping wife with the conventional bright lights of the bathroom.Absolutely love this gadget !!!
 Works just as advertised , has stick on tape on the back already so just peel and stick on the inside of the top cover for comode ! Turn off bathroom light and when movement is detected by this little light it turns on showing you that the seat is either up -LRB- Red light glows -RRB- or down -LRB- Green light glows -RRB- ! Gives off decent amount of light , enough to get you seated or pointed in the right direction ! Great little gadget !! Got 3 for all bathrooms in the house !!!
 Unfortunately being a male in my 60 's getting up to use the bathroom in the middle of the night is becoming more common . This bowl light , once you remember what the different light colors mean is such a help that more often than not when I wake up in the morning I was n't sure whether I got up or not . That 's because the extra step of turning a light on and off is not dealt with . The light provides enough light yet not enough to WAKE you up .
 I got this for all my brothers and sisters for christmas . They were thrilled . I had one of these in my new house , and I no longer need a night light in my bathroom . Although the 2002 version was a bit more expensive , and it had a red bullseye that would aim perfectly in the middle of the toilet bowl . This new model puts a large red circle on the upper edge of the bowl . Regardless everyone seems to like it a lot !
 Neat little gadget . works as described . it 's nice to have a glowing toilet in the night . very pleased with my purchase .
 Love this thing!Especially during the night when it is dark , the amount of light is perfect . I would reccommend this to everyone .
 this thing is pretty cool , it has a motion sensor on it and will automatically shut off after a while saving the batteries , as well as when you close the lid , we have a teenage boy at home so this comes in handy in the middle of the night
 It works good really too good . Even on a cloudy day the light activates . So it would be nice if there was a off switch .
 I was always taught as a kid to put the toilet seat back down after I was done , so my wife has had no issues with the toilet seat being up . However , this is a neat novelty item that in about 2 minutes you can have the batteries installed and the unit placed on the toilet cover . I recommend putting it on with the toilet seat up , so you can get the placement correct and that the unit will not interfere with the seat . It works like a charm and is actually pretty nice at night if you have to get up to not be blinded by the bathroom lights or a bright night light . It is motion activated and gives off just enough light to do your business .
 Bought two , Neat gadget gift for men . Also practical . Glad I bought it , would buy it again . Stocking stuffer ! : o -RRB-
 These are fun , and I love mine so much , I ordered 5 more to give as gifts . -LRB- They 're great for the person that has everything ... -RRB- Easy to install , work fine and , dare I say it , make using the restroom more &#34; fun . &#34; Also , I 'm a single guy , so do n't necessarily care about knowing the status of the seat usually , but the red light shines right into the bowl , and can certainly assist my aim in the dark !
 Well thought out design using sensor rather than switches.The only thing that could be better is if horses ran down a track or the ballon would fill up and pop.Referring to the beach game using the squirt guns ...
 Light works great . Green when seat is down , red when seat is up . We have been using it for over 2 months now with no problems . Great nightlight for the middle of the night , enough light to see but not wake you up .
 I absolutely love this thing . I hate turning on lights at night . I also have them in the porta-potties for our summer parties . Great hit when it gets dark outside and people are drunk .
 I received a similar item as a gag Christmas gift a few years ago . I finally installed this other nightlight after a few years of sitting in the closet , and it made such a difference in my life ! I know it sounds ridiculous , but the green/red lighting -LRB- and the other one shone a red `` target '' into the toilet bowl -RRB- made life so much easier in the middle of the night . No bright lights to irritate me , wake up my wife , and no blind return to bed either . Well , the old one shorted out from a rusted wire , so I found this nightlight at by far the best price on Amazon , so I purchased this one , and it works as well as the other . It does n't have the red `` target '' lighting for lid up , but it is sufficiently bright to light up half the bowl , which is more than enough .
 I know guys will like this product more than women -- and perhaps more older guys who need to get up in the night to go to the bathroom . I love this thing -- functional and a cool gadget . Think I 'll get one for the guest bath too . Even my wife -- after just a few days -- says she likes it at night . And at the price , a cool stocking stuffer .
 I bought one of these when they were still expensive at $ 25 and I must say that it has made my wife very happy , it not only gives you enough light to go to the bathroom in the dark without messing up your night with a bright light and it also let 's my wife know when the seat is not down . I bought this one when it was down to $ 16 for the guest bathroom and now that it is even cheaper you should get one now , it could make your loved ones happy when they do n't fall in the toilet in the middle of the night.Update - The inlaws stayed a little while and they commented on the awesome toilet light that let them go in the night without having to turn the lights on -LRB- we were thankful as they used to turn the light on in the middle of the night while staying -RRB- . This has been great for me as I am an insomniac so when I am able to sleep good it does n't mess my night vision up and keep me up and an added bonus is I do not get chewed out for getting the seat wet . . LOL !
 Bought several of these for fun Christmas stocking stuffers several years ago , and they proved to be a family favorite . We 've bought them for every toilet in each of our last 3 homes , for our camp and as housewarming gifts . Especially popular with one mom who has several little boys - they love aiming for the `` target '' light and her cleanup has been reduced ! I just like not having to turn on the overhead light in the middle of the night - it can be seen from the bed and would wake my husband who has trouble sleeping .
 I 'm using this bit to cut 5/8 '' melamine panels on a shopbot CNC.The cut is clean and chipfree . What more can you ask for ? I 've cut about ten 4x8 sheets into typical cabinet parts so far with this bit.Don ' t know how many it will cut yet before it 's dull . Comparing to theFreud single flute compression spiral bit , The only difference is that the freud caused a vibration on the machine . Cut quality was the same .
 Excellent flashlight . Bright , powerful , and very handy to have . Small and compact size makes it easy to tote around . Have purchased 5 units already , and given several away to people travelling , or to my mom as a handy light to have in her purse . Would always go with COAST products ~ as they are well made , and very reliable .
 I like having tools and toys on me where ever I go . I chose this flashlight to where on my belt . I had to buy my five year old a flashlight too after he saw Daddy with one all the time . I bought him one of those plastic ones with 9 LED lights . This flashlight has 1 led . While his 9 LED flashlight is bright , this 1 LED flashlight blows his away in both brightness and the color of the light . His has a blue hue while this looks like daylight . I am very glad I bought this flashlight and recommend it for anyone just looking to carry one on their belt . It is a very small flashlight and it comes with a great quality carrying belt case . This would be a great handyman flashlight .
 I carried this flashlight everywhere with me in Iraq after a very common sense mistake . Did you know it is impossible to wire a color coded satellite system with a green flashlight ? I did , but I think the sand and heat got the better of me . If this little light of mine can manage in a combat zone for a year , imagine what it will do when you 're not surrounded by people who what to kill you .
 awesome . Best small compact light you can find . Period . They have moved from lithium to AAA batteries but the light and the battery life are second to none .
 My dad loves this little flashlight . Great for handyman jobs -LRB- looking down pipes , inside walls and other tight spaces -RRB- . Batteries are a bit pricey . Next gift will be a rechargeable battery kit .
 We had been looking for a chandelier that was simple in design , sturdy and a reasonable price . This chandelier covers it all . The color is a dark bronze heading toward black . It 's well built and the installation , done by my husband , was quick and easy . We wanted a design that was traditional without all the curliques shown in so many wrought iron chandeliers . This one is a little Asian , a little Shaker and a little traditional . Although it sounds like it might have lost its identity , we find it just right for our dining room .
 I LOVE THIS little light ! I always travel with it for finding my way around hotels/unfamiliar houses at night.I hung mine on a lanyard and use it around my neck . Just pointing straight down , it illuminates my steps . I can grab it and direct it with my hand when I need to -LRB- or even hold it in my teeth if I need both hands -RRB- . Batteries are easy to find and replace with common watch batteries .
 We were using a 408 model for bending 1/2 '' stainless steel tubing . We had to install more than 1000 feet of tubing . It was to hard until I bought the heavy duty 51917 - 1/2 '' bender . It is really great !!!
 I have owned these for about 9 years , I used them on my wedding dress and many tailored suits . I love how they grip and nothing slips out of being snipped . The blades are great . They are difficult to sharpen and need to be replaces every so often . Thanks , Iris -LRB- John 's wife -RRB-
 I have had a pair of OLFA 2 '' trim scissors for at least 8 years now , they are still as sharp as the day I bought them . I use them on everything , and they are still sharp enough for fabric . They remain the best scissors in the house . I have Ghingers that do n't hold a candle to these . If you do n't lose them - you will use them for ever .
 Great scissors but smaller than expected . Would buy a larger size if I had the choice . Seems that they will last a lifetime and I use them mainly for cutting plastic and 1 '' rubber tubing , which is heavy work for scissors this size and they cope well.Vote up if you found this review helpful .
 This is a small workhorse . I use it constantly to cut mainly cardboard and it is sharp and well made . The handle needs some improvement to prevent your fingers from hurting after extended use .
 have owned one for more than 15 years - useful for anything and everything around the house - from cutting milk cartoons , cables , hard callus , cardboard , boxes , plastic containers or bottles , any kind of wildest project or idea can be done ... i even wanted to prove nonsense of laptop 's safety cable-guard-lock and they cut it with one tiny snap : -RRB- absolutely standout product - unbreakable quality.highly recommended
 My bindery lady is greatly pleased with the Scissors . She uses them every day . They came quickly and was in perfect condition . The price was right .
 Use these scissors for literally everything . Best ones you can buy . I have 4 pairs now and not because they dull it is because when I need a pair I have the larger ones and smaller ones handy .
 Bought this because I am remodeling our master bathroom . I bought a stapler/brad nailer combo from Harbor Freight and found that it would put large , deep holes in trim work and such . I was doing some framing so I bought this whole kit . The price was what most are charging for the framing nailer alone.I have only used the framing nailer and the brad nailer , not the finish so I do n't know how it works for now.The framing nailer works great ! I am impressed with it overall and the brad nailer has worked just as well so far . I 'm expecting nothing less from the finish nailer too.For around the house work and a few large jobs here and there I would say go for it.On a side not the case is really nice but sucks in the latch department . Sometimes the guns fall out closing it as well.Oh well , did n't buy it for the case.When it 's delivered it comes in the case opened up so it 's a HUGE package , expect that .
 So far the the brad nailer has worked fine . They are well made with steel . Not plastic as many tools are nowdays . Have n't used the other two yet . The case is the worst part of the kit . The nailers do n't stay in their slots when closing the case . Also the kit does not come with a cordless drill or any of the other extras as stated in the product description , so do n't expect them . It is still worth the $ 189 . Steve
 Although the nail guns arrived promptly and in perfect condition the product page stated there was to be an added value of a 12V cordless drill with Snap-on accesory case ,12 V battery pack , magnetic dashboard & targetlevel , and Snap-on accessory kit included . This was not the case . Amazon was informed and another complete order was processed and it to did not have the added value . I just sent the second order back to Amazon and will bite the bullet .
 I have used the framing and finish nailers and they worked great . Well worth the price and I would recommend them to anyone .
 I have has this set for about a year now and have used just the brad and framing nailer . Both worked great . I used the framing nailer to do some fencing and the brad to work on several things around the house . Both worked perfectly . A great value ...
 Keep this light in my purse - comes in handy - light is nice and bright!As usual Amazon came through again .
 I purchased this flashlight because the regular flashlight I was using to walk the dog at night kept eating batteries and was not bright enough . This flashlight does n't go through batteries as quick as my old one and is much brighter . I have only changed batteries once , and I think that was only because I used cheap batteries . The only thing I wish I had for it that I do n't is a wrist strap . I have dropped it in the yard a couple of times . I may get the wrist strap next . I would recommend this light to any one that needs a small flashlight .
 The switch stopped working in my Mini Maglite AA . I bought a replacement switch over the Internet and fixed it , and then I found out that Mag Instruments would have sent me a new one free under the lifetime warranty . Too bad.The problem was that the light turned on erratically if at all , and did n't focus properly.If you open the top , you 'll see that the bulb is stuck into a washer-like receptacle which they call the Upper Insulator Receptacle . It 's printed `` Do Not Remove . `` If you remove it , by prying it up with your thumbnails or a pocket knife , you 'll see the switch assembly underneath , with a triangular-shaped sheet metal slide contact . Remember how the slide contact goes , because it 's likely to fall out . If you remove the batteries , you can take out the lower insulator too . That slide contact is what failed on me . Instead of being flat , the radial arm was bent . I think that if I had flattened it out with needle-nosed pliers , that would have fixed it , at least for a while.Anyway , the `` Switch Repair Kit '' comes with the most idiot-proof detailed illustrated step-by-step instructions that I 've ever seen for any piece of equipment . They even give you a plastic `` tool '' to insert and remove the switch , if you 're the kind of person who has trouble tapping a flashlight onto a table without losing parts , or you do n't have a pencil lying around the house .
 This small LED flashlight puts out a lot of light for it 's size - especially when you consider how little power the LED bulb uses . Nice flashlight . I would prefer a push button on/off , but the twist on/off works OK too .
 Mag liteArrived promptly and in perfect condition . The incandescent mag light is a proven product . And while not as bright as some LED lights at short ranges I have found that it provides a longer range beam of useful brightness .
 Its a Maglite . Its a tough little bugger , and it will outlast all your other plastic flashlights . One problem is the bulb is n't very bright . They are good candidates for LED replacements . One problem I have found is that the battery tube is just large enough for 1600MAh NiMh AA cells , but the larger capacity cells of 2000-2650MAh are too `` fat '' and wo n't slide in.Alkalines will work well of course , they 're skinnier . Like other maglites you can take off the focuser and use it as a `` candle '' . The tiny skinny bulb is fragile so it wo n't take much abuse . Its pretty heavy despite its size so you may have problems holding it in your teeth of you want to use it `` handsfree '' . The rear cap has a hole for a lanyard strap and I suggest you use one , cylindrical flashlights have a bad habit of rolling away at inopportune times .
 flashlight is super bright , heavy duty case . nice that it only requires 2 AA batteries . Wish it came w / a spare bulb , even though it claims to last a gazillion hours , spare bulb is always nice .
 This Little Mag Blew me away !!! the light its so intense you can not look at it directly ! do n't hesitate . . this is the Led flashlight to buy ! .
 I have these in all the tool bags . Small , light , and throws enough light to see what I am doing in a small space . Ca n't remember the last time I 've replaced the batteries .
 The first time I used one of these was on a hiking trip in the Grand Canyon . I was amazed how bright it was . My only two complaints about these are
 Worked better than I expected . Super bright , easy to hold . Brightness does n't diminish with use as with my incandescent . Lasts about 5hrs of continuous use on a fresh pair of AA 2500mAh rechargeable .
 It has been years since I have had a MagLite and am so proud that it was made in the U.S.A. !
 This is the sweet spot of flashlights , unless you go for the more compactInova X1DM-HB Dual High/Low Mode LED Flashlight - 1 AA Battery.PROs : * Throws a bright , concentrated beam * Uses AA batteries -- alkaline or rechargeable -LRB- see Note 1 -RRB- * Excellent specifications , fully disclosed -LRB- see Note 2 -RRB- * Good value if you wait for low tide -LRB- under 16 buckss -RRB- * 4 Modes -LRB- bright , low , blink , SOS -RRB- * 18 hours -LRB- or more -RRB- from a set of batteries - Hole for tether or strapCONs : - Wish it had a glass -LRB- scratch resistant -RRB- lens - Warranty does not cover LED burnout or LED module failure . - The twist-on , twist-off , adjust-focus-every-time design is not ideal . - - - Pricing - - - Prices jump around , and vary by color . Low tide is around 15 . There 's an `` Online Price Alert '' that will email you whenever this or any amazon product dips below your target price . Google it . It 's nicely done . - - - Notes - - - Note 1
 The mini maglite is the perfect size for a purse , briefcase or tote bag . The adjustable beam allows for illuminating large or very small spaces . This versatile item is standard issue for all of our employees .
 Have owned several Mini Maglites because I always take it on trips and sometimes forget it is in the nightstand . They are built to last forever and I have always liked the included spare bulb . This one advertises a `` New Multi-Mode Electronic Switch '' for four functions . I did not figure out that the ` switch ' is the normal collar because there were no instructions for this . Go to maglite.com and watch the 38 second video to learn how to access the four funtions.Maglites are still worth a premium price .
 This lite is better than many other flash lites because of the switch ! -LSB- TWIST SWITCH -RSB- . i got mine about 6 years ogo and used it alot !!! very heavy use ! its been turned on and off hundreds of times and still works great ! i did have batterys leaking in it before they were dead ? do n't know why they leaked ? it has been dropped many times . i did have to clean the switch from dirt and the leaking batterys . there is 2 ways to clean the switch . first way is easy . you just turn off the reflector = candle mode . then you twist the top part that has the bulb in it . with the batterys in will clean it most of the time . pressure from the spring pushing up on the batterys makes the switch contact . if that does not get it clean then what i did was take the batterys out and remove the bulb then carefully pry up the bulb holder on both sides at a 180 degree angle . it has 2 plastic posts that friction fit . once apart clean the connector and underside lip so it will make contact . i have done this 2 times and reassembled with no problems . even flash lites that cost 10 times or more may not last like this mini mag because of the switch wearing out or getting dirty and not making contact . but most switches i seen you can not clean them they do n't come apart . also they are a different kind ot switch . i put in the 3 led bulb and love it . batterys last longer and it is a white lite . i have a $ 50.00 led lite that is nice but allready after turning it on and off about 75 times i noticed it is starting to get worn . once and a while i have to push it 2 times to get it to come on . if you want a lite that will last this is the one !!!
 I see Maglite Mini Mags for around $ 10 all of the time . They are handy little flashlights . This model was the older incandecent bulb type flashlight . They are OK , but if your have ever experienced an LED flashlight , it hard to be happy with the old style bulb . I was able to pick up my Blue Mini Mag for $ 7.50 , shipping included . I added a Terralux TLE-20 LED upgrade for $ 13 . So I now have $ 20 into it . Now it has a nice bright white light , about 28 Lumens , and the battery life is extended by six times . I figure over time the Terralux LED upgrade will pay for itself in saving on batteries . If I was looking for a new Mini Mag , I would probably just buy the newer LED version of the flashlight . I see them on sale for around $ 20 . In my opinion the older incandecent Mini Mags benefit greatly from the LED upgrade , thus I only gave it 4 stars . But I am very happy with my upgraded version , and would recommend the upgrade if you already own an older Mini Mag . It is useful when I get up in the middle of the night , and wander around the house . I still have my bigger 4 D cell Maglite with an LED upgrade for outside duty , it is much brighter and has a much longer throw . But the Mini Mag is just fine for inside the house , and any close range task . I just love the Blue anodized color of my Maglite Mini Mag flashlight .
 The construction and quality is what you 'd expect from a Maglite with a solid and durable aluminum body and rubber gaskets inside to keep out dirt and water . The grip is also nicely textured to keep the flashlight from slipping out of your hand.Light output is excellent with a bright , white beam and good throw distance . The reflector has been redesigned from the 2AA incandescent model and eliminates the infamous Maglite `` hole '' -LRB- a dark spot in the middle of the beam -RRB- when the flashlight is on full flood . Adjusting to spot is n't a dramatic difference , but it definitely puts more light in the center of the beam which can be useful in certain situations.Batteries last a long , long time , and unlike the older incandescent model , the light output does n't decrease to unusable levels long before the batteries are dead but rather stays clear and bright until the batteries are exhausted . The LED is also considerably more durable than an incandescent bulb , and my LED Maglite has survived knocks and drops that would have required a bulb replacement in my old incan model . And while the LED version is about an inch longer than the old model , the flashlight is still small and light enough to carry everywhere -LRB- I always keep mine on my belt so it 's always handy when I need it , which is more often than you 'd expect ! -RRB- . I have only one caveat
 All the mag lites share solid aluminum construction and rubber o-ring seals.What sets the mini mag off from the other mag lites is its size -LRB- easy to hold with teeth while working under car , sink , etc -RRB- and one little known feature - `` candle '' mode . You adjust the beam focus by rotating the mini mag 's head , but if you continue turning the head pops off ; you are left with the handle and the exposed bulb , which is now throwing light in all directions - it is a `` candle '' . Flip the head over , place it on the ground/table - it is now a `` candle holder '' . Stick the candle into the candle holder . Instant candle for camping . -LRB- These directions are actually on the mini mag 's packaging , but it was n't until I had bought my third mini mag -LRB- one for car , kitchen , daypack -RRB- that I noticed . This is actually a great trick to show other mini mag owners ... they also threw their packaging away without looking it -RRB- Two mini mags in the candle mode do a good job on a picnic table at night ... so get two of them ... they 're cheap .
 I 've got one of these in my car glove box for emergencies and another in my living room so that I can check the wiring for my stereo , check the fusebox when the power goes out , etc. . The Metal Enclosed light is very sturdy . My 5 year old has banged it , dropped it and it still works .
 While I have run into a flashlight that is slightly more waterproof than this one it is almost three times more expensive . In my humble opinion value is a major component of any design . For this reason , this flashlight rates a 5 . Grasp this in your hand and you are immediately struck by its designed in strength and careful manufacturing . The adjustable beam , which spreads or focuses the light expands the usefulness . Narrow for reading a map late at night or wide angle for walking down the lane . A spare bulb -LRB- an old concept that seemed to have gotten lost until now -RRB- increases the likelihood that you will have light when you want it . Mag took a simple product , added important features and then used quality materials and methods to produce it at a very attractive price .
 Love Maglite flashlights , only had one minor issue with this one . I do n't normally write reviews , but wanted to share this for anyone else who has this problem . The flickering/won ' t turn on problem very well could be the tailcap assembly -LRB- screw off back part -RRB- . There are 2 metal clips that need to make contact with the barrel . If your AA LED Maglite is not turning on , try bending these 2 clips out and make sure they can make contact with the barrel . Mine had this problem , and once I bent these clips out it has worked just great . I hope this helps someone out there .
 All right I 'm going to cut to the chase . This light is definitely outdated although Mag has introduced its excellent Minimag LED . Some of the complaints about the reliability of this light are absolutely hilarious . Mag flashlights have been the standard light for maintenence , security , law enforcement , and many other types of personnel and have proven to be a very reliable and durable light . Its an incandescent light , which can fail if dropped just like any other light of its type . People who I consider to experts on the topic of flashlights , who even have websites dedicated specifically to flashlight reviews , also consider this to be a very decent entry level light with high reliability . These experts have recognized the Minimag as being a dependable flashlight not known to have any major design flaws that affect reliability . Sure there are better flashlights out there , they also cost more money.I consider all the Mag flashlights to be good entry level lights . You are n't getting a Surefire or Streamlight but you will end up with a light that is going to work every time you use it and offer a very long service life . These lights have been torture tested to grave extremes on public forums pertaining to flashlights and their durability will amaze you.Where it truly does not compare to the Surefire and Streamlight lights is in beam quality . Once you have used a Surefire or Streamlight you might never go back . This little Minimag has a lot going for it though . It is reliable , has fairly good output , and has a decent run time on relatively inexpensive AA batteries . Other lights may be brighter but they are either more expensive initially or more expensive to feed battery wise . I just ca n't stand back while people are trashing probably the most proven flashlight of the 20th century . Many police officers , security personnel , and search and rescue operatives have used Mag flashlights in one form or another for decades in harsh environments . They are not the best flashlights out there for sure , but they certainly are not junk.In conclusion , I think its fair to say that its not the best flashlight in terms of technology but its definitely a versatile and durable light that will offer many years of reliable service . Maglite has kept the design simple so that they can offer a very high quality product at a very reasonable price . Quality has nothing to do with features . What the Minimag lacks in features it makes up in quality and reliability . While I have many higher priced flashlights that are better in terms of brightness and technology , the Minimag has provided me years of service and has been abused heavily . It works as well as the first day I bought it .
 After receiving one of these and a larger Mag as a gift I was n't sure where I 'd use this flashlight . As it turns out , I am using it more than the larger light . It 's small size makes it incredibly useful for small maintenance tasks such as working on a computer , poking around a car or even finding things you drop behind furniture . It 's brightness is surprising . I have found it to be almost as bright as the Mag 2D light.I had some contact problems when I put the first set of batteries in , but after playing with the spring in the back and making sure the end cap was tight it worked fine and has failed since .
 If the NCAA sanctioned an intercollegiate sport called Cranky Light Sleeper , my wife would be the Division I national champion . Meanwhile , I 'm the guy who needs to chill and read for a while before drifting off to sleep , maybe even have a chat ... And they say us guys are n't relational.Much to my surprise , the athletic prodigy who sleeps beside me offered just a few days ago that I might want to ` read with a flashlight ' and that this would not meaningfully interrupt her nocturnal ambitions.Wouldn ' t you know , I 'm prepared . The Mini Mag Lite is ideal for clandestine bedtime reading * and * auto glove compartments . Those are the two applications where I have a Mini Mag standing by.The thing puts out great light and allows you to focus the beam by turning the uppermost portion of the flashlight . It has the survivability of a cockroach in a nuclear winter . It 's compact and has a nifty little soft carrying case , though I 've never seen the virtue of that.A great buy .
 Mag Lite makes wonderful flashlights of all sizes . This one fits perfect in my leathercraft tool holder that I ware working outside .
 This is a quality product , I have been in possesion of a maglite for only a couple of weeks but within that time it has displayed great durability being run over twice by a tractor and being regularly dropped . It also comes in handy for lighting things up apparently .
 El producto lo recib&iacute; en muy buenas condiciones y me parece muy bueno.se recominda el articulo MAGLITE M2A016 AA Mini Flashlight , Black
 Great light nice feel , easy to use . Beautifully crafted device . Could n't be more pleased . Has a spare bulb included in the base .
 This flashlight is great , it does everything it promisses to do , it get 's even better when you buy the IQ Switch for it.That said , I use that light on dark situations -LRB- obviously -RRB- and also for Light Painting , it does a really good job on that , since you can adjust the light :-RRB- I was just sad that I could n't find the fiber optic modifier for the header , I really want it for Light Painting ...
 We 've had a series of mag-lites over the years and have used them for home repairs in dark places -LRB- under the house , under the kitchen sink , in the attic -RRB- , barn chores , car breakdowns , investigating strange noises in the house in the wee hours , and even once when we lost the house keys in the grass at night -LRB- the bright light made the keys reflect and we found them ! -RRB- . They 're inexpensive , reliable , water-resistant , small enough to keep in a coat pocket , and run on AA batteries . They 're perfect for so many jobs , and are so durable . Once in a while we lose one or give one to someone who does n't return it , but I do n't think we 've ever broken one.I bought this M2A016 MAGLITE to replace one we lost , and it 's every bit as good as the previous ones . The light is bright and long-lasting , and the beam can be focused down to a small area when needed . But the main reason I 'm giving this light 5 stars is because it 's made in the USA . We try to support American businesses when we can , and I was happy to find that this model is made here .
 I bought mine 9 years ago when I needed a small reliable flashlight and it has never let me down . A few years ago I started using the Xenon bulbs with it and then I started using rechargeables and keeping a fully charged set on standby so my flashlight would always be ready . I hope to have this flashlight for another 15 + years , that is if I 'm lucky enough to make it that long !
 I have been using this flashlight for many years . I use it many times a day for work . It takes a lot of ubuse including dropping it in water . I have never had the flashlight go bad ; I have only bought new ones after losing the old one .
 These are great little , indestructible , basically bullet proof flashlights that go just about everywhere with us . we have them in our cars , boats and under every sink cabinet in our house . There 's a longer one near our front door that serves two intended purposed ; flashing into the face of any bad guy to disorient for a sec , then cranking him across the jaw ... heck , even the smaller mags make decent batons.Bottom line is this -- a brilliant streamlight polytac sits on the rail of my AR , but a mini-mag sits inside of my range bag to be there when I have to work on that streamlight or the AR . Get it ? No really , get it if you need a reliable light that can also serve other needs .
 we have the led mini mags , and mag xl50 's , and we got these old skewl ones for the `` candle '' feature . when a storm is coming each of us grabs our little mini mag , put a piece of string and throw it around your neck and you wo n't have to keep up with it . living out in the country has it 's advantages and disadvantages . IMHO , everybody should get a few of these to keep , you just never know when ya might need em
 It is just fantastic ! It 's small but with great powerful light to see inside the car or purse in the night . I also thought to use it to check out on the baby at night but it is maybe a bit to powerful and might wake him up !
 Even the `` reading '' setting is brighter than my old Minimag LED . The `` bright '' setting is blinding . The flash setting is great in an emergency .
 I purchased this Mini AA cell flashlite , for myself . This item was made in USA , basic reason I purchased , this flashlite .
 This flashlight is a perfect size and shines very brightly . I 'm a flight attendant and this is one of our required items . I 've had to use it a few times and it definitely outshines the other cheaper flashlights that I 've seen girls carry .
 I have never once in my life had a bad experience with a MAG-LITE product . This is no exception . Got it for a friend at Christmas who only had a baton-sized flashlight . She loves its mini-me for her nightstand .
 I have carried one of these for years as a police officer , and just recently purchased one for my wife with the nite Ize LED up grade . She is thrilled with the amount of light it produces and loves the compact size . I highly recommend both .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for mom . She asked for a flashlight to keep in her car . She thought is was perfect and keeps it in her car to use as needed . The overhead dome light in the car just are n't bright enough.This flashlight is super bright and sturdy !
 Great upgrade for original mag light . My father has carried a mag light every day for as long as I can remember and I purchased this for his birthday 4 months ago . The day I gave it to him I saw how much brighter it was and in a recent conversation my dad noted that he was surprised that he had not changed batteries yet . This is at least a 4 times increase in life battery life for him and the first set are still going strong . Great upgrade for a classic product .
 This was a replacement for the lost flash lighti lost for ther roush tool pak it looked just like the one that original came with the tools as a matter of fact it is exatly the same .
 Bought this flashlight because 1st of all , it takes AA batteries . Secondly , the batteries last a long time . Finally , it is a rather inexpensive and affordable flashlight that is of a good quality build .
 handy size , easy to use , nice bright light brand I trust and product is very affordablewould make a sweet gift
 I own about 4 or 5 of these little lights and they are great . They easily fit into glove compartment , tool box , even your pocket and are always handy . My 2.5 year old son was fascinated with my flashlight and so I bought him a `` cheap '' immitation , which quickly broke . I replaced it with another and it , too , broke . I found them to be unrepairable . I then decided to get him his own mag light . Not only does he love it -- it 's the first thing he asks for in the morning these days , but it was repairable . He had dropped it and tried to take it apart many times . Usually the drop either breaks the bulb or dents the top contact on the battery -LRB- which needs immediate replacement . -RRB- One time it just was n't working after replacing the bulb and battery . I almost gave up when I decided to take apart the plastic ring that holds the bulb -LRB- it actually says `` do not remove '' -RRB- I was surprised to find how easily it came out to expose the contacts . The contact that touches the housing that turns the light on and off was slightly corroded/gunked up . I cleaned it lightly with steel wool and snapped it back together and it worked ! All in all , a handy , rugged , and repairable little light!Buy several .
 The Mini Maglite is a true American classic . However , with advancements in technology such as LED and also the end cap switch , it 's hard to justify .1 . The Mini Maglite requires use of two hands or one hand and your chin/mouth to operate . In an emergency , this may not be possible . Other flashlights now have end cap switches -LRB- push buttons at the end of the flashlight -RRB- . Unless you need Mini Mag 's candle feature , the end cap switch is much easier to operate .2 . Incandescent/Xenon/Krypton is out . LED is in . LED is much brighter , the `` bulb '' almost never burns out , and the batteries last longer . Whatever you choose , go with an LED flashlight.If you do not need the candle feature , get this Streamlight JR LED instead because it 's brighter that the Mini Mag and has an end cap switch : Streamlight 71500 JR C4 LED Flashlight , BlackIf you need the Mini Maglite for whatever reason , then go with the LED version Mini Mag , because it 's brighter than the original version and will save you money on batteries in the long run : MAGLITE SP2201H 2-AA Cell Mini LED Flashlight with Holster , BlackIf you already have an original Mini Maglite with non-LED bulb , get this upgraded LED `` bulb '' because it 's brighter than the original Mini Mag and will save you money on batteries in the long run : TerraLUX TLE-5EX MiniStar2 Extreme LED Upgrade for Mini Maglite 2AA Flashlight
 Do n't let the small size of this flashlight fool you . It is indeed a well made , sturdy instrument capable of providing lumination the same as one twice its size . I live in a studio apartment and due to the coming hurricane and having no flashlight looked for one to best serve my purposes . I needed something to handle all necessary tasks in case of bad situations as well as being handy day to day . This instrument is compact and with a simple twist of the head can go from a wide flood beam to a bright direct spotlight . And it actually can be reassembled simply to display the same light as a lit candle . Everything this item says it does it does and all only on 2 AA batteries . For me battery life was very good . I ca n't recommend this flashlight enough . If I were to loose power in my apartment it would provide all the light necessary to move around , do things and even read . It is that strong . And for walking outside in the dark , changing a tire etc. it does the work of a much bigger and bulkier flashlight . Great investment at a great price .
 What can one say about Maglite ? Their the best ! I have a full size Mag and several of the mini 's . I love the Mini-Mag LED !!! FIrst off their as indestructable as a light is gon na come . Serious shock resistance ... Serious water resistance ... Not a hammer and not a diver 's light but as close as the most of us will ever need . Secondly their weight is about right . Heavy enough to protect them but not so heavy that it ca n't be carried in a pack in the outdoors . Next up is the grip , it does have a nice checkered pattern etched into the shell that gives a good grip even with gloves or even when wet . Battery life always depends on usage but is about average for most AA lights . Like most LED 's , bulb life is advertised as 100K hours . While I do n't think it will last that long , it will make it long enough to make you feel it was a worthwile investment , and the bulb probably wo n't be what fails first anyway.Next lets talk about light...four-funtions of light ! By twisting the bezel counter-clockwise it turns on the full power beam . Now it 's not the brightest compact light in the world -LRB- that distiction goes to lithium powers tactical lights -RRB- but for a AA Alkaline powered light , it the brightest I 've seen . Brighter infact than my 3AA powered Gerber TX3 .0 ! I have n't done a distance comparison between them yet , but I can tell you that sitting in my chair in the woods camping , the Mini-Mag illuminates distances up to 30 ' like daylight ! I 'm not kidding ! Distances up 50 ' can be seen pretty well assuming there is n't too much clutter to cast shadows . Also a big plus ; unlike previous generations of Mini-Mag LED 's , the bezel can adjusted to focus the beam . Finally turning it clockwise until it tightens and stops will turn off the light . Now that was one fuction ... Turning the bezel couter-clockwise and then back off , then counter-clockwise -LRB- or on-off-on -RRB- within about 3 seconds will take you to mode # 2 ... low power . According to the box it 's about 25 % power . I find it to be a great reading light , map light for the car , light to look in small spaces where too much power could `` wash out '' or blind your eyes . In fact I use it for navigation in total darkness . That way I 'm not totally blind when I turn off my light . Next mode # 3 ... -LRB- from off ... on-off-on-off-on -RRB- It 's a flasher that flashes at about 1 flash per second . Great for signaling ! I speak from experence here . I had a family member lost after a hike that got past sundown . I hiked to a ridgetop right off the road then used this flasher to help them locate me . It worked ! It 's not a high speed strobe so it 's not a defense tool , but as a locator signal , I give it a useful thumbs up ! Finally mode # 4 ... -LRB- from off ... on-off-on-off-on-off-on -RRB- S.O.S. mode . I seriously doubt anyone of us will be so lost or standed that we 'll be signaling passing planes and ships but hey I guess if you were ... In all seriousness though if it 's all you 've got , it could help you be found by rescures or a passer-by . Consider this , a 100 % truely dead car battery , meaning no 4-way flashers . It addition helping show that you need help with this almost universally recognized help signal , it also helps make your vehicle visible avoiding a potentially deadly accident . All in all , perhaps a little gimicky , perhaps not ... it all depends on what you intend to do with your new light . One final word about the bezel switch . After about 3 to 5 seconds of sitting in either the off or on position , the next time the light is turned on it will return to full power output -LRB- AKA mode # 1 -RRB- . I 'm not kidding when I say this is my favorite product I 've ever reviewed ! There 's so many uses ! And everyone has need of it , they may just not know it yet !
 I am replacing another one , which was identical to the Maglite I am now purchasing . The reason ? It was so good , my first one was stolen ! Seriously . Our home was broken into and my Maglite AA Cell Mini Flashlight was stolen , along with with many other articles . I guess the thief really liked it , too.I 'm so glad to have found a blue one here at a reasonable price ! I have also ordered replacement bulbs for it at the same time . Maglite makes teriffic flashlites . They are lightweight and very serviceable . The size of the beam can be adjusted from very small , through medium , to much larger by twisting the band around the head of the flashlight.I 'd highly recommend this flashlight -LRB- and all the other Maglite products -RRB- . They are well made and will provide many years of relaible service , providing no one steals them !
 Early this summer I added 2-AA and 2-C Maglite LED flashlights to my hurricane kit . They performed exceptionally well for me over a very stressful four days without power during and after Hurricane Ike . The 2-AA model amazed me with being everything I needed to get things done 90 % of the time . I slept with it on my belt for four nights and it was on my belt during daylight hours too . The tendency for it to fall out of its holster can be solved with a heavy rubber band looped a couple of times around the sheath to add tension . For a week after my power was restored I continued to carry that little light on my belt , because my friends or neighbors power might not have been restored and it was easy to carry and handy to have . I 've bonded with the little flashlight and will always recommend it . Although I have since added a 3-AA Maglite LED to my stable and would probably recommend that light for folks that are only going to have one good flashlight around.12-8-2009 Update : Mag-lite has new and improved their 2 AA LED light , and I just happen to have one . Subjectively , it appears to be 20 % brighter than the old style 2 AA LED light . It also has a 25 % power mode which will allow it to burn continuously for over a day . The blink and SOS modes are nice , but I doubt the average person will ever have a call for those functions . Although the old style 3 AA LED is brighter than the new style 2 AA LED , the 2 AA is handier to carry and the low power function has me convinced this is the most useful flashlight to have around . This is the most versatile flashlight I own . I 'd up my rating on it to five stars if I knew how .
 I 'm using this light now for 6 months now and it never let me down . It 's been dropped more than once and submerged in hot water and still works like new .
 i 've bought multiple Mini Maglites over the years . they all still work great , they are durable , light , small ; perfect for home , car , camping , travel , etc ; candle mode ROCKS!this little flashlight is plenty strong ; yes there are bright out there , but for a lot more $ ; dollar-for-dollar , this model is outstanding .
 I currently own two of these little lifesavers ; one in the car and one at home , and for the size and money I honestly do n't think you can find something better.First let 's talk about the size : At only 5 and 3/4 inches it is perfect for a car glove compartment , center console , or even in the visor if you car has a pouch for sunglasses or other articles . For at home it is equally convenient
 Okay , so an AA powered torch is not going to illuminate a room , but these mini Mag List torches are incredibly handy to have around all the same . I have a black version for my office and a silver version in my car . What makes them so useful is that they 're very reliable and very simple to use . My black torch gets a frequent workout when I 'm hunting around under the desk unplugging wires , or when I 've opened a computer case and need to see inside it . I 've only used the silver one a few times , but it 's reassuring to keep in the glove box of the car in case I get a flat tyre.I was amazed by the `` candle mode '' that someone mentioned . I was playing around with my torch while writing this review and I 'd never seen that feature before ! It 's extremely handy to know and just reinforces my good impressions of this device .
 I bought this flashlight along with few other stuffs to qualify for free shipping . It 's worth for the money I paid for .
 All in all , given the price , it is worth it . Using it just as a pen light it has sufficient power and battery life for it 's designed purpose .
 It 's small but gives the light of a full size light . Can put in purse and pocket . It has a little hole to allow it to be attached to a key ring , etc. . Small enough for children to hold .
 Got this on time and I bought 2 . one for my dad and 1 for my brother in law . I am sure theyll love it . It is pretty strong and the power of the light is also v.good . Good brand to trust on .
 We were standing around a campfire several years ago and someone asked to look at my husband 's Mini Mag Lite . When our friend was returning it , we joked , `` Do n't throw it in the fire ! '' Well , guess what ? His toss was a little short , and into the fire the Mag Lite went . As we stood there trying to figure out how what to do next , the Mag Lite simmered in the hot coals . When we finally extracted it from the fire , my husband turned on the switch , and to our utter amazement , it still worked ! Sure , the plastic disc at the end was completely melted away , but the metal casing was totally intact and the flashlight still worked perfectly ! How many flashlights can do that ??
 We like the mag-lite LED flashlights a lot ; that is why we purchased two more so we could have them in the car in case of an emergency . Only disappointing thing thus far is that the battery life was n't as long as I had been led to believe ; maybe Rayovac batteries are really poor ; I 'll try another brand and see if there is a difference .
 Its small , its well built -LRB- i bought it to fit a burner lazer in it , but after i held it in my hands i just coudnt let my self tear that masterpeice apart -RRB- , its so bright that it can make you go blind , it has adjustable beam width , ITS AWESOME!money well spent .
 As always , very happy with any Mag flashlight . Much brighter than my old bulb based 2 AA mini maglite . I 've read that some other brands are brighter , but it 's plenty bright enough for me and I like the aluminum casing that Mag offers .
 I originally bought the LED model of this flashlight thinking I can mod that using a TerraLux LED mod , but that model has the wrong type of bulb socket . The regular non-led is the one of buy for the TerraLux mod . And it 's very bright as soon as I pulled out the regular bulb and installed the TerraLUX MiniStar2 TLE-5EX mod . The only portable flashlight I need to carry around with me now .
 This is a really great little flashlight . I bought it to keep in a computer repair kit and it 's been a great help . Not much more I can really say about it - I 've always loved Mag Lites ; in my experience they work for ages without any problems .
 This is my 3rd or 4th purchase of this type of flashlight . When you loan it to someone or let them use it , somehow it never comes back . Amazon pricing allows for repurchases without pain . I like to try the LED version , although pricey , maybe next time .
 I had one of these units previously but with a conventional bulb . This unit has a bright LED bulb and longer battery life . The construction is robust like all Maglite products .
 For a reliable flashlite to have around the house or in the car , get a larger C cell Maglite . But for other uses this one is tops . Solidly well built , looks great , does produce a typical uneven beam -LRB- but that 's OK with me -RRB- , small , using AA batteries . Comes with an extra bulb in the base . Compared with dollar store junk which will not last , this one is worth the money . It should last many years .
 I initially had trouble inserting the batteries because the springs kept falling out . After the batteries were successfully inserted , the flashlight worked as expected . I bought the flashlight for my camping trip . It fits snuggly in my shorts pocket , yet provides very bright light for the walk from the tent to the wash room.I highly recommend the flashlight because of its small size and bright light .
 For a small flashlight , this one is great . It is significantly better than the non-LED version of the same light . The light output from this light is clean , focusable , artifact free , has good color and is about 5 times brighter than the non-LED version . The light still supports `` candle mode '' too . The flashlight is about 1 '' larger than the non-LED version . Light output is fairly consistent and strong for a over 3 hours . It is definitely worth buying .
 To start , I 'm a tradesmen who has to carry his lifelines on his belt . Not only on the job , but I 'm also the unnofficial handyman of this apartment complex . Every time I even move to take my workbelt off , it seems to be a signal for a neighbor to bang on the wall saying something is on fire or wo n't open all the way . And the Mini Mag is the universal flashlight . It 's sold everywhere , including this fine site and even family stores , and despite its legendary quality and design , is at the most ten dollars with included holster . I prefer the classic AA design , where CA N'T you find AAs ? I 've used one of these on my belt for about four years . It 's an excellent tool , and I 've never had one wear out on me . The bulbs , however , are the Achilles heel . The rest of the flashlight is military , police and trade quality , for civilian price . But these dang bulbs go orange after a couple weeks and last a couple months of casual use . I was considering shelling out forty bucks for a small LED , just to save the money on bulbs.Then , walking through a sports outlet , I passed the flashlight section . And next to the usual Mini Mag with holster , which I own close to six of , was a Nite Ize accessory designed for this same flashlight . An LED bulb . Now , I 've seen these online for about twenty to thirty bucks , and this is a ten dollar flashlight ! But this one just sitting around on a shelf was eight bucks , about a buck less than the flashlight 's shelf price . What the heck , I got one . To quote another review , my trusty old Mag is now a state-of-the-art torch , with nearly triple battery life of the old bulb . And LEDs , as all Mag-haters know , do n't burn out or even go out when bumped.So , for a total of twenty bucks , you get an American-quality LED beam that competes and plain out whips fifty-dollar imports with plastic casings . I would n't recomend this flashlight if there was n't there was a way to fix its biggest flaw . Just get your hands on this LED adapter , and put it in like you would the standard bulb . Replace the mirror reflector , and stomp the old bulbs into powder . You wo n't be needing them , ever again . There 's also a combo pack availiable , for the same price , that includes a push-button adapter if you 've ever wished you could tap a red button on the end instead of twisting it on and off . I have n't tried it , but it comes with the LED , and for eight bucks?And hey , the flashlight itself comes in six different colors . These things are easily replaced if one gets banged up or your room-mate/girlfriend draws all over it with Sharpie while she 's on the phone . I 've had these work perfectly even whenhe asing hs been through Hades and back , but some prefer a more formal-looking flashlight . Just take the LED out and put it in the new one , those bulbs last forever . And now , so will this flashlight .
 Let 's get real
 This is one tough little flashlight ! I once dropped a Mini Mag forty feet onto a rock-while lit-and it survived with only a tiny dent . There are cheaper flashlights out there but this is the one to buy . Solid , well thought out design and great value make this a winner !
 I 've used these lights for many years now . As a musician , I found them invaluable backstage to help get cables all hooked up in the dark . In fact , I had a blue and red one and I swapped the parts around . I 've since lost one of them and now I have this hybrid red/blue light : -RRB- Anyhow , after a while , the threads start to get full of aluminum dust and debris and the o-rings need some lubrication -LRB- I 've most recently tried some chapstick and it seems to work . I 've noticed newer lights have some kind of oily material on them -RRB- . I would like to see them offer a lght using 3V lithium cell technology and a brighter bulb with fewer dark spots .
 I 've been hiking and camping for 24 years now , and I have used many , many flashlights . Since finding the AA Mini Mag Lite , however , it 's the only one you 'll find in my pack . They are very tough and durable . On a recent trip to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness , I even used it submerged to look for a fellow camper 's eyeglasses that had fallen into the lake . While it is not designed for underwater use -LRB- being only water resistant -RRB- , the lamp performed flawlessly.While nearly perfect , I will recommend picking up the accessory pack available for the AA Mini Mag Lite . The accessory pack includes a rubber cover for the lens end that helps prevent the lamp from rolling and also absorbs some impact if dropped . It also includes a wrist strap with a split ring so you can keep it close at hand -LRB- I usually put the strap around my wrist when I slide into my sleeping bag -- if I need to get up quickly during the night , the lamp is always at hand -RRB- . The accessory pack also includes three plastic lenses -- blue , red , and clear -LRB- the product description lists an amber lens in palce of the clear one -RRB- . I 've found the red one useful when I want to rummage through a pack when my tentmate has already turned in for the night . It gives you illumination that is not as harsh as the non-filtered white light .
 This is a great flashlight . The size , feel and performance all scream `` big bucks '' and then you discover that this little beauty costs about as much as two grande lattes at Starbucks . I have one in each car and they have come in handy looking for street signs , house addresses and map reading . Last Christmas , I gave everyone in my department their own Mini Mag Lite . I ca n't tell you how many times they have come and told me how handy they have proven to be . When you 've thrown away your last broken plastic , made in a place you ca n't spell or pronounce junk flashlight , go and get one of these babies . You will smile . Really !
 I CARRY A AA MINI-MAG I HAVE A 3-D CELL IN EACH CAR AND A 2 6-D CELLS IN THE HOUSE ONE UPSTAIRS AND ONE BY THE FRONT DOOR FOR SELF DEFENCE .
 This was a good value and a great light it works very well and have had no troubles at all with it . Thanks
 I bought this at a brick and mortar retailer so I would have something in case the power goes out in my apartment ; The flashlight I had was one I borrowed from my parents , a 2-D cell cheap plastic Duracell Durabeam which would only stay dimly light if I kept constantly holding the button just right.I bought this on December 24 , 2011 for $ 7.89 + tax . It came with a woven nylon holder with a loop to hang it off a belt . I already threw away the packaging but I remember that it said 7 lumens and xenon ; judging by the fact that there is no mini Maglight on Amazon that says `` xenon , '' I suspect that , being naive and not doing any prior research , I may have somehow got screwed and purchased an older non-LED mini Maglight . It does do the job ok - this flashlight casts a grey circle of light surrounded by a lighter reddish-pink-orange colored wider glow of light , and the size of the darker circle compared to the surrounding lighter circle of light changes as the head is turned past the point necessary to turn the light on . The body and features of the flashlight are the same as described in the other reviews . Its a shame the model number and type of bulb is not written on the flashlight . Otherwise I light that the body is metal rather than cheap flimsy looking plastic and 3-3/8 inches of the body is textured so it is easier to grip .
 We own four of these flashlights and we love them . They are small and portable and the Xenon bulb is extremely bright . We have two in the bedroom for power failures or to grab in bad weather and I use the others in my tool kits for when I am working on something in a dark area or at night.I like the rugged design and I put a hand loop through the key ring on them so that when I am walking or working I do not drop it . There is a spare bulb in the base of the flashlight which I like and I always keep one there in the special fitting . Make sure that if you buy spare bulbs that you get the Xenon replacements as they are the brightest and the best .
 I own two , and bought one for a relative . I use for building electronics and computers , and when DJ ` ing in clubs that are pitch dark , so I can sift through vinyl , etc. . Very cool lights .
 I think that this is the fourth AA Maglite that I have purchased . The oldest one is still working and dates back to 1990 . These are very dependable flashlights !
 I would n't have any other flashlight , there is no comparison to mag light in my opinion . Its tough , its capable of being a lantern as well as adjusting the beam.Only other flashlight I use is a heavy duty dewalt that stands and has an adjustable head .
 Small , tough , and sturdy . Not the first one of these I have purchased and not likely the last . Nice and bright . Do n't forget you can always unscrew the cap and you 've got a small torch !
 Mag Lite is the industry standard flashlight for a reason - because it is durable and lasts a lifetime . I own multiple units of Mag Lite devices !
 I received The MAGLITE M2A016 AA Mini Flashlight a few months ago from Amazon.It works as advertised and illuminates quite adequately the small size is quite handy.There was a spare bulb in the base ; having not realised this I purchased two spare bulbs ... Unlike a previous reviewer I did receive the two AA Duracell Batteries at the advertised price
 The Maglite collection is the best you can buy for your money ! This MiniMag w / LED IS a `` steal '' ! I am more than satisfied w / my purchase and will buy another one soon !
 I like this light but it has one major flaw with the large opening : -LSB- I bought this for light painting photography this dose not do its job for light painting photography because its full beam has this weird jelly fish look where as I need a clear full strong beam of light : / but for seeing in the dark or anything else I 'm sure its amazing . just do n't get this for light painting -LSB- maybe pay an extra 10 $ for a better one -RSB- .
 I love this mini maglite . I was thinking of the LED version but decided to get this one instead . You probably ca n't go wrong with either of the two but I like the standard bulb . Plus I have a great set of rechargeable AA batteries so I 'm not too worried about its battery use . Its just large enough to have a good feel to it but not so big that it ca n't be easily carried in a pocket or on a belt . My fathers an auto mechanic and this is his favorite small flashlight for his job .
 I retired my Maglite 3D a long time ago for my Streamlight . When my life is on the line , I ca n't afford to have a dim , yellow beam with dark spots . But for those situations where a tactical light is just overkill , this little baby still finds it 's way into my tool box . I actually still keep several of these around . They 've all been modified with Terralux Tail Cap Switches . One with a red lamp in the glove box so that I do n't ruin my night vision or have that bright glare in the windshield . Another converted with a 140 lumen LED that I keep around for peeking under the hood . No homeowner should be without an ultraviolet lamp for checking his sheets for semen when he returns from work . Wives lie . Forensics do n't . With a little imagination , a roll of duct tape , some bailing wire , a pack of zip ties , and some double sided mounting adhesive ; there 's no telling what you could do . I ca n't count the number of times I 've used my Mini-Maglite , a Swiss Army Knife , a paperclip , and a piece of gum to get me out of a jam.TerraLUX TLE-5UV MiniStar2 Ultraviolet Replacement Bulb for 2 AA Mini Maglite FlashlightTerraLUX MiniStar2 TLE-5EX Extreme LED for Mini Maglite 2AA FlashlightsTerraLUX TCS-1 Tailcap Switch for the AA Mini Mag
 I have owned one of these lights for years . The original light bulbs lasted at least five years but replacements -LRB- genuine brand -RRB- only last a few months . ... Otherwise a great product - would be five stars if the bulbs lasted longer .
 The flashlight is manufactured with the usual excellent Maglite quality . The light is bright , and the extra functions can be handy . The first generation LED mini Maglite was plagued with design and durability issues , lets hope this one does better .
 I bought this light because ive heard so much about them.It excceded my expectations and i use it all the time.I think nextime ill try an LED version of this light.Overall , GREAT flashlight .
 I 'm a touristic guide in the cloud forest in Costa Rica . I provide one of these flashlighst to each tourist for night hikes in the forest . All the people love these flashlights and some of them want to keep this maglite for he rest of their trip in Costa Rica . They are easy to use , light , shockproof -LRB- perfect for kids -RRB- and waterproof -LRB- perfect for the rain forest -RRB- . Rechargeable batteries last 4 or 5 hours . We can perfectly spot animals at the top of the trees at 40 meters of distance . I am sure that this is he best flashlight for my night tours ... I got 8 of them . 100 % recommended .
 When I ordered this flashlight I was unsure whether it would be bright enough to be the go-to flashlight during power outages . Upon receiving it , I see it is plenty bright enough to be the household flashlight . Highly recommended .
 So Everyone Loves Mini Maglights , or even Maglites in General , Even though Everyone Knows they are n't that bright and you can buy brighter lights out there , but Everyone also knows that their Maglites are going to last a Long time and for a cheap price , you can purchase an LED Drop in that will Surely Surprise Alot of people !! These Flashlights are great ! By themselves maybe not all that bright , but Purchase a Drop in Led and be Surprised at how Good these can Actually be !! So 4 Stars because of the lights Brightness by itself , But Spend Another $ 10 - $ 15 and you will have an Awesome Led light that will last basically Forever and will probably extend your battery time while being a Million times Brighter !! You ca n't beat $ 8 for a Mini Maglite
 I have been looking for a good but cheap LED flashlight for some time now . This is it . Most like it cost around $ 30 . It comes with a belt holster which makes it even better . No more having to carry a small flashlight in my shirt pocket.Only Pros here ... No ConsMust buy for all .
 First of all , for those wondering , this is not the latest revision of the Maglite Mini LED . As of this writing the latest Maglite Mini LED is 77 lumens while the one I got from Amazon is 69 lumens . I know 8 lumens is n't a huge difference but I 'm a sucker for having the latest version . The flashlight it 's self is nice . I keep it in a black organizer so the silver stands out nicely . This is the first flashlight I 've used and owned that had different modes . Honestly , about a month ago I did n't even know flashlights had become so technologically advanced so the modes are very cool . Especially low power mode . You do n't always need all 69 lumens so saving some battery life is a plus.Overall , it 's a very nice flashlight especially for the $ 14 I paid for it . At it 's normal advertised price there might be better options out there that are brighter and smaller . Did I mention this flashlight is almost 7 '' long ? It 's pretty big.On another note , does anyone know if the aftermarket crenelated bezel and window breaker for the incandescent Mini Maglite will fit on the LED version ?
 it shipped fast , it was exactly what i expected did n't relize it came with batterys nice supprise , packaged well , the light is a true maglite flash light . its strong and will do what i need it to where i need it to
 I bought this light to attach to my mossberg 500 , now i know its not meant to be a gun light but it stood up to the abuse i put it through and its plenty bright for indoor use and limited outdoor use . Great little light , you cant go wrong with it .
 This small but powerful little flash light is awesome . It is easy to work and I love the candle light feature .
 I truly belive that this is the best flashlight available . The small size of it makes it perfect for task such as installing something like your TV or sound equipment , finding something you dropped behind some furniture , inside your car , at the office . Also is very bright and the ` candle ' mode , enables you to be hands free . But its small enough to keep it in your mouth . My brother is a DJ and keeps it all night in his mouth so he can see what he 's doing.Great product .
 This flashlight is like all other Mag 's . It has a nice bright bulb that can be adjusted to wide angles or focused on an object . Came with the batteries and an extra bulb . So far I like using it .
 This flashlight is extremely durable and very bright . You can adjust the beam to a pen type beam or a broad beam . It is small enough to carry in your pocket and uses AA batteries . I would recommend this flashlight to anyone .
 I was seeking a AA Maglite flashlight and noticed the `` led upgrades '' offerered by a number of vendors . I found this flashlight and decided to buy it because it was the genuine Maglite brand and featured the led bulb . The lamp is much brighter and the light is much whiter without the dark spot typical of the standard maglite bulb.What was disappointing is that its larger than the standard size AA maglite , and the larger size feels strange in the hand.I wound up buying the standard AA maglite and the Nite-ize LED upgrade .
 I got one of these little like 1980-something . I still have the same one , it still works great with only changing bulbs and batteries throughout the years . It has been practically everywhere with me and always worked.These flashlights are campact , bright , durable and focusable . I 've dropped mine , tossed mine , even used it as a hammer once or twice . Got it wet , cold and generally yucky . Still works great . The only way this wo n't be the last flashlight you 'll ever buy is if you do what I did , finally get a bigger Mag-Lite a few years ago for those times when I want more light.These have to be the best-supported flashlights on the planet . How many other flashlights have so many accessories available for them and have been copied so frequently ? You wo n't be sorry .
 When three tornadoes hit my boarding school , I came to realize the importance of a flashlight -LRB- which I didnt have at the time , unfortunately -RRB- . Realizing my error in not owning such an essential item , I immediately went to the store and bought one . My family has owned -LRB- and lost -RRB- numerous flashlights , and our Mag lite are by far the best flashlights we 've ever owned . Some flashlights go on and off as the battery jiggles around , die as soon as you drop them , or just are n't made to live long . Mag lites are definitely NOT these flashlights ! My mini Maglite has been dropped , kicked , stomped , squished , thrown , everything ... and it still works great ! It 's three years old now and still works like it did on day one . It does n't suck batteries dry , which is definitely a plus , and the light is constant . It does n't flicker on and off if teh battery somehow shakes . I love how you can change the beam to cover a large area or focus in on a small area . It 's great for late night reading in the dorm rooms . Now I even own a small MagLite Solitaire for my keychain . It 's very small but just as powerful . Altogether , a great little flashlight and an excellent price .
 I needed a small flashlight for a trip to Australia -- something that would easily fit in the one piece of luggage I 'm allowed -LRB- In this case , a backpack -RRB- . The Mini Mag Lite is perfect . It is very small -LRB- about six inches long and maybe about as thick as a cigar -RRB- but has some weight to it . It is n't flimsy at all , and I 'm not worried about it lasting through the trip.The flashlight came with batteries -LRB- very nice . -RRB- and an extra bulb in the little screw-on cap on the end -LRB- also , very nice . -RRB- The bright beam can be adjusted , and although it does n't focus to a very exact point , it focuses well enough for my purposes . The candle option is clever as well.All in all , a very worthwhile purchase , and recommended .
 Great product , only problem is there is no spot to attach any type of string to the bottom like I have seen on other models . Keep this in mind when purchasing the accesory kit .
 This Mag Lite is just the right size to carry along if you have to travel through a poorly lit area to get to your car at night!This company makes excellent , reliable products !
 I currently own three of these . They are great flashlights to have around . They are bright enough to get most jobs done , small enough to carry just about anywhere , and durable enough to take a beating . Sure surefire flashlights are brighter but they are not as durable . I 've even heard of people using these as self defense weapons . Really heavy abuse may result in a very short bulb life but it carries a spare so you 'll have light again in no time.As far as the threads and O-rings go , a small amount of Vaseline applied to the threads will keep both the threads and the O-ring lubricated .
 there are better lights out there . Of course they cost more money . I have 5 or 6 of these floating around between cars , night stand , wifes night stand etc. . They work great , last a long time , and if something happens to them -LRB- battery leaks , run over with tank etc -RRB- you just chuck it and buy a new one.That said , when you are looking for a flashlight that you have to rely on and you do n't want to carry 3 or 4 with you , I 'd look to an LED flashlight . LEDs do n't burn out very fast , runtime on batteries is WAY longer . My personal favorite is the Inova x5 . 5 LEDs , 20 hour runtime on one set of batteries , waterproof , and brighter than a mini mag by far . It just costs 3-4 times as much , which is why I have one of them instead of 4 .
 I used the ClosetMaid assembly bracket 3 - 4 years ago to redo closets in spare bedroom and kitchen when my then girlfriend , now wife , and her daughter moved in with me . Once installed , I have not thought or cared about the brackets . That 's a good thing . They work !
 Matched what I have perfectly . You will be satisfied with these for securing thewire shelves at the wall intersections . These work for both the Rubbermaid andClosetmaid shelves .
 This is a nicely made wall plate to replace a cheap , beige plastic one that cracked.My only complaint is that the cable connection is n't tight - the plastic plate had a built-in spacer for the gap between the threads on the coaxial connection , and this wall plate did n't , so the coaxial is loose . This can easily be remedied with the proper-size spacer washer - I just have n't had the chance to pick one up .
 This wall plate is beautiful ; however , I needed to use longer screws than those included with the product . The wall plate is thick in diameter and is also `` raised '' from the wall about 1/4 inch . Longer screws for needed for a good `` hold '' .
 When it comes to painting , I do n't have a lot of patience especially if the room is large . I bought this paintstick on a recommendation , but I did have my doubts . After I taped off the room and cut in the corners , I was ready to use my new paintstick . The instructions for putting it together were a bit confusing but by looking at the picture on the box , I had it put together in a few minutes . All you do is flip the lever to ` fill ' and pull back the plunger and the paintstick is filled with paint . In a 12 x 12 room , I had the first coat on in about 10 minutes . . if that . The best part is that there 's no mess . I do n't know how well it would work in a small room such as a powder room but I am recommending this thing to everyone!I would have given it five stars but cleaning this paintstick is kind of a pain . When you 're cleaning it , make sure you 're doing it in a room that you do n't mind getting messy .
 If you 're painting more than one room with the same color , then get the paintstick . It really works . I was able to paint one coat in a 12x15 living room in less than an hour . The paint shield is great , I no longer get dots of paint on my face . The best part is using the paint stick for ceiling - since all our rooms had the same ceiling color , I was able to use the same paintstick for the entire 2900sqft home.All in all , we used 4 regular size paintsticks for our walls & ceilings , and 1 mini-size -LRB- Low_es and Sea_rs have them -RRB- for the closets.The only bad part is the cleanup . You should follow the instructions in their booklet because their methods are the easiest ways to cleanup . I was able to clean one stick in 25 minutes . So even though the painting saves a lot of time , the need to cleanup eats into that saving.Tips :1 -RRB- Continuously squeeze the paint out so that the roller is always wet - this way it 's easier to glide across the walls and saves some work for your arms .2 -RRB- The kit works with 1 gallon cans . So if you buy those big 5 gallon cans of paint , make sure you ask the paint dealer for an empty 1 gallon can to pour the paint .3 -RRB- It 's helpful to have a water hose to shoot water into the tube for cleanup . You can use those kitchen faucets that can extend out , or you can use your shower -LRB- that makes a mess -RRB- .
 I have an older model that I purchased about 6 years ago . They have improved the foam core in the roller now which makes cleaning easier . It is easy to clean . I hate cleaning paint brushes and this is so simple . With the accessories , this makes a paint job so easy I enjoy painting . I ca n't wait to get the Stain Stick to do my deck and my hardwood floors . I use the Quick Stick to cut in around windows and doors . It works great
 This product will let you fly . Normal cleaning requires some patience and about 1/2 hour over a sink -LRB- no biggie , just some time -RRB- . I painted a whole house in an afternoon -LRB- 3 bedrooms , hallway , closets , living room , dining room and kitchen -RRB- -LRB- walls only -RRB- with 2 coats of paint with this thing . Note the house was empty and all the same color so I could move fast , but that was around 12 gallons of paint I went through in about 8 hrs . In other bigger jobs like the outside of my house , instead of cleanup each night , I would just get the roller as dry as possible before stopping for the night and just put the whole roller under water in the bath tub . Next day I would just pick up where I left off . This is a great technique and can be used over several days without having to clean each time . This thing will pay for itself in your first hr of use . Enjoy
 I have just used the HomeRight C800438 which to all intents and purposed is the same as the model listed above . I found it quick and after the first struggle easy to load and fill . It gives a lighter even layer than using the old brush and tray method and you have to make sure you have your roller charged.The main disadvantage I thought was the length of the shaft . As you near the end of the paint the effective length of the shaft is 30 inches or 76 centimeters plus about 7 inches for the working end bit with the roller on . I am 6 foot tall exactly and the ceiling I was working on was 8 foot . I found I had to operate the stick with my arms around chest height or a bit higher which is tiring especially if you wan to put some pressure on the roller . I have roller on the end of a longer pole which is use with a tray and because that extends to almost five feet I can use it with my hands below my waste and yet still be accurate and apply pressure . I liked the paintstick but it is a pity the handle is not a bit longer.Cleaning is a pain as the earlier reviews show .
 Recently my family bought our first home and commenced in painting every single room in the house . My mom got me theWagner Power Products 284041 Paint Mate Plus Rollerfor Christmas . When the time came to start painting the house my mom brought herHomeRight C800060 5-Piece Paint Stick Kitover so that when one roller was drying the other could be in use , so I got a chance to test both on multiple rooms.After painting my entire house I can say with all confidence that the Paintstick is the better product . I was able to paint 3 rooms three different colors using my mom 's Paintstick , washing the assembly in between colors of course . As I started each new job there was no leaking , the paint went on evenly and covered the roller evenly , -LRB- no dripping or pooling on any particular spot on the roller -RRB- . The most incredible thing about this product was that my mom had used the roller PREVIOUSLY on some rooms in her house , so the roller had lasted through 4 + rooms . -LRB- A note , here , the ceilings in my house are vaulted , so this roller covered a much larger area than your typical normal sized room walls . -RRB- Considering that replacement rollers for this product run about $ 8 - $ 12 that 's a big cost savings!The only reason I give this product 4 stars out of five is that taking apart the assemble for cleaning is more difficult than theWagner Power Products 284041 Paint Mate Plus Rollerwhen you have wet slippery hands , which you do , when cleaning paint supplies . Pretty much every time I had to ask my husband who had dry hands to pull apart the pump assembly for me . That said , even though cleaning the roller and the parts take a bit of time , -LRB- I spent about 15 minutes making sure everything was free of paint at the sink -RRB- it all gets very clean and after some air drying it will be ready for another coat or another color.We did n't do our ceilings with either since we bought 2 gallon buckets of ceiling paint and there is no lid sized for 2 gallon buckets . That would be a nice optional accessory if it were available , which , I 'm not sure it is.The Paintstick feels like a much cheaper product than the Paint Mate , but it performs MUCH better . If you are deciding between the two I would say go with the Paintstick!When buying one of these products make sure you have some petrolleum jelly on hand as you need to apply it to the seals between cleanings and before storing the product to preserve the seals and keep them from leaking .
 Using this tool is a pleasure . It saves time and reduces the inevitable spatter of roller painting . I painted a large living room and textured ceiling and was surprised at how few fill ups were necessary . My back would still be hurting had I tackled this job the conventional way.The clean up is an unenviable and messy chore . Buy extra roller covers from Homeright to save yourself a little work post-painting .
 It 's true , the paint stick allows your to paint a room in 1/3 the time . Plus it 's alot less messy and drippy than using a standard roller . For ` cutting in ' Homeright also has a tiny version of a paint stick.I 'm definitely using the paint stick again on my next paint project . So why only 4 stars ? Like everyone else ... the cleanup is just too time consuming.I got about 1/4 of the way into the cleanup procedure and ended up just throwing the whole thing away . But for $ 25 you can throw it away . When the project is done $ 25 does n't sound so bad to throw out.I hate to paint , exceeded only by cleaning up after painting . I 'll just get a new one next time .
 I bought my paintstick when they were first on tv 7 or 8 years ago . This is the best product that I have ever bought from an info-mercial . Buy this product and you will think the same way I do . It is wonderful . Very light weight . Paints very fast and easy . I ca n't say enough about this product . I absolutely love it .
 We got one of these when painting our upstairs ... . This thing is good if you have a lot of area to cover , and a lot of area to work . My wife found it unwieldy , but I loved it . I put 2 gallons of paint on the wall in about and hour . I only had to return to the can maybe a dozen times to refill . No bending over the pan BS ... . huge timesaver in that regard ... I do n't know why people bitch about the cleaning , I found it pretty easy ... . If you have a 12x12 room or something , I 'd just go w / a traditional roller ... . but if you have to do a bunch of painting , this thing really does the job .
 I have owed this paint stick for years and love it . I first bought a Wagner paint stick and after 2 uses the valve to draw up the paint lost its seal and leaked . Then I bought the Homeright because it was cheaper at the time . I now work as a handyman and was using a sprayer for a big job resently . When I got to a room with lots of windows , I stared using my Homeright paint stick . I found the paint stick had better coverage and was quicker . It does lose a star due to the clean up time . But it 's easier to clean than the Wagner .
 We painted a 13x26 room with 8 ' walls , in a little over 3 hours , with a large thanks to this product . 99 % of the paint got on the walls , there was no redipping in a paint tray , barely needed to throw-down dropcloth -LRB- although , go slow , because if you go fast , the paint guard can only do so much -RRB- ... some notes :1 . -RRB- do n't press hard on the end . Send out enough paint that it just glides on . If you feel you need to press hard , grab the metallic paint roller spindle . Just , take it easy on the tube-head connection .2 . -RRB- Read the instruction book before you clean it . There 's some tips in there that are worth your time to read .3 . -RRB- Yeah , it 's a bit of a mess to clean-up . The time saved is so worth it . It really helps to have a little hose on your kitchen sink to reach the whole length of the tube .4 . -RRB- When you 're cleaning it , put the filler tube that normally goes in the paint bucket , in the socket , and draw water up into the nozzle a couple times5 . -RRB- it takes a little finesse getting the metal part on and off of it . Be patient , and twist-wiggle it a tiny touch .6 . -RRB- the special replacement rollers are relatively inexpensive , but about twice what a regular replacement roller costs . Not bad , but it 's something to think about . We used a wagner replacement roller , and were fine .
 This product does all it claims to do . It was a breeze to use and saved a lot of time and effort with my paint project . When you follow the instructions , your task of painting really becomes enjoyable . After painting one room , I decided to do another room because it was so quick and easy .
 this is a great product . it was well worth the money spent . cuts your time in 1/2 or even more .
 I HATE painting ! And I LOVE this paint stick . It does exactly what it is said to do and that is to make painting quicker and easier . It is EASY to use and EASY to clean , though it does take some time . I have a deep utility sink in my laundry room which helps out considerably . A previous poster said it takes about 25 minutes -- that 's about right . You wo n't be disappointed , especially if you hate to paint and/or are painting alone , like I did .
 This is my second one of these paint sticks . The first lasted a good 10 years now I did n't do many rooms over those years but it worked fine until the last time and it just had dried out too much.There is a lot said about how hard they are to clean . It is true it takes about 25 min to clean but it 's not hard , just takes time . You still are ahead because you are not going to the paint tray and trying to get just enough paint on the roller every 2 min . I have a lot of back problems so I can not be bending over and up and down . I was able to kind of brace this like a flag pole over my shoulder and apply slight pressure and walk back and forth in my living room to paint my ceiling . Now it took me 8 days just to do that but you can not base this product on me . I can only work 5 min then have to rest 15 min and about 3 of those and I am done for 24 hrs . I tell you this because even someone like me with severe limitations can do it ... just takes much longer . A normal person could paint a regular size living room in a few hours I am sure . I am having a friend finish and do the walls and it will probably be a breeze for him.The paint guard keeps the splatter effect in check if you do n't go too fast . The cleaning tool is now sold as an extra purchase and a good idea to get . I still had my original and it worked great . It squeezes the water and paint out of the roller faster.Give it a try . What have you got to lose ? Amazon is fantastic about returns if it does n't work .
 HOMERIGHT PAINT STICK IS TOTALLY AWESOME . I HAVE USED IT IN THE PAST AND SINCE WE NEEDED TO PAINT SOME ROOMS I KNNEW IT WOULD BE THE RIGHT PRODUCT TO GET THE JOBS DONE QUICKLY EFFICIENTLY AND WITH LITTLE CLEAN-UP . I LOVE IT.IT MAKES PAINTING A PLEASURE NOT A CHORE .
 A little time-consuming to clean , but works great . Makes painting much easier and less messy .
 I have used the paint stick for many years . I am purchasing my 3rd one . They really make the painting time go quickly . Having a handicap I do not know that I could back to using the pans . Going back and forth from wall to pan puts a big strain on my back . . When using the same color it is really nice , I can paint as much as I am able then I wrap the roller in plastic to keep roller wet and start again the next morning . If I were just doing a small room , like a bathroom I would probably not use this but with large rooms it is the best.HomeRight C800060 5-Piece Paint Stick Kit
 The paintstick was a great tool to paint with . Problem is mostly cleaning it up . Although it worked well , it is not as good as the Wagner Paintmate .
 I am amazed at the amount of light these fixtures provide . I 'm not happy about the cost of the bulbs , but at least they are supposed to last a long time . I thought the large one moved up and down , but I found that was only possible by loosening the nuts securing the vertical bars . These lights are great , though ; they are small and unobtrusive , and beautiful when lit .
 I have n't gotten this in yet , as hubby does the work , but they were sent very quickly and were exactly as advertised .
 I am so impressed with the finish that this product provides . Each year I apply a fresh coat of stain to my deck boards and I always used a brush , until I found this product . I was so impressed with the smooth even finish that it provided . I could n't believe there were no brush strokes . For years I was use to seeing the brush strokes , now it looks like I hired a professional to stain my deck . This product also speed up the staining process , I could n't believe how fast I got the job done with the stain stick.Home Right C800418 Stain Stick
 I have stained my deck with a paint brush at least two times and it was a very slow process . After researching staining products I found the StainStick , and it sure make the staining process go so much faster . Instead of spending a couple weeks staining my deck , it only took 2 hours on Saturday morning . The only con is that it does n't work on the spindles , those are always a pain . This is an great product that makes the project easier , plus I did n't have to worry about taking the stain from the tray and putting it to the deck I just sucked the stain up in the handle and pushed the handle when I needed more stain . I would recommend this product to anyone staining deck floor boards .
 I bought this a few years ago after experiencing a tragedy trying to stain my 30 foot deck with a sprayer -- what a mess ! The stain stick cut the time down by more than a half , works like a charm and is easy to use . When I went to use it a couple of years later , I needed a replacement head and returned to Lowes but they no longer sold the product . Cant ' find it anywhere . What a shame .
 I did my deck and my porch with the Stain Stick -LRB- approx 550 sqft . -RRB- with the pad staying intact , that included a wash up between the two projects.The flow is controlled by pushing the handle in - if you 're pushing the handle in you are getting stain . If you 're getting too much stain , stop pushing - pretty simple.I agree the handle could be longer , however it 's significantly longer than a brush , which I refuse to use.All and all I would recomend this product it makes the job very easy .
 Replaced 2 of my original aerators with these higher flowing 2.2 Gpm units , and what a difference they made ! I may be using a little more water , but the extra flow quality is worth the extra expense to me . I mainly replaced them due to the original gaskets were hard and leaking . Very surprised that these flowed like 2X the old units , and I cleaned the old units often so I know they were not clogged . They were just very restrictive . Very happy with this style aerator .
 These featherboards work as good as advertised or better , I really liked using them cutting out some edging for plywood which was quite thin .
 These devices work very well in keeping wood down and against the fence . They require a ferrous surface to adhere to so buying the steel fences is vital as many fences and tables are not ferrous .
 If you have ever had even the smallest piece of wood kickback from a table saw , you know how scary it was . The Grip Tites were first demonstrated for me at a woodworking show . The demonstrator took a 8 ' long 2x4 and ran into midway into the saw . Then , in order to exhibit the power of the Grip Tites , he pushed the board sideways into the blade . If the Grip Tites had not been in use , that board would have kicked off the blade and caused major damage . As it was , the board started burning , the blade whined , but no kickback . After two very close encounters with kick back , I decided on the spot I had to have the Grip Tites .
 It is n't often I write to brag on a product , but I have the GT 2000 43 '' System I use on my table saw . I also have two Spare GT 2000 Which I use on by band saw and they really work great ! I 've tried a number of products , including some homemade ones , but the Grip-Tite is the best I 've used . Using the product while ripping makes me feel much more safe and confident and the set-up is really easy and quick . Thanks for a great product !
 I use the Grip-Tites for various operations with my table saw and band saw , but I mainly use them to rip narrow boards on my table saw . For those operations , I generally proceed as follows :1 . Position the fence .2 . Crank the blade down below the top of the table .3 . Place the material to be cut against the fence , covering the blade .4 . Place both Grip-Tites on the fence , with the roller guides resting on the stock , one Grip-Tite on each side of the blade .5 . Push down the handle of each Grip-Tite until the roller guide applies the appropriate amount of pressure to the stock .6 . Remove the stock .7 . Crank up the blade , checking to make sure it does not touch either Grip-Tite .8 . Rip the material.The roller guides hold the stock securely against both the table and the fence . I therefore do not use the flexible plastic wings for this operation . I push the material though the blade with either another board that is to be ripped to the same width , or a scrap piece of wood that is no thicker -LRB- wider OK -RRB- than the stock being cut.Some practice is required to position the Grip-Tites quickly and accurately . However , even when one becomes proficient at that , it still takes some time to position them . For that reason , I do not use them for rips that are wider than about 2 '' . I have an overhead guard for safety , and , for wider rip cuts , have no trouble holding the stock securely against the fence with a push stick.I initially bought two Grip-Tites , but not the steel fence cover or roller guides . The Grip-Tites alone were of limited utility when used on my -LRB- aluminum fence-equipped -RRB- table saw . Adding the steel fence cover and roller guides has made all the difference.A tiny negative
 A must to work on table saw for safty reasons . Successfully used on table saw , band saw and shaper . More confidence using table saw with these around .
 I have enjoyed it greatly and it works better then anticipated . It makes ripping boards for glueing with a glue edge quality blade a consistant process . I ended up buying an additional steel fence attachment for my router .
 Bought the system around five or six years ago at a woodworking show . Next to your brain the best safety device in the shop . I would not rip a board without them . Be safe buy them .
 Price was good shipped on time.Awesome product would not be with out it now.Quick set up and adjustment.Sure beats mechanical set up of standard feather boards .
 I had a magnetic featherboard from before -- but adding the two new magnetic featherboards with the rollers and the metal fence really made the whole process of ripping on the tablesaw much much easier -- Two featherboards with rollers to hold down on either side of the blade vertically and the other featherboard to hold against the fence horizontally ahead of the blade and everything is clean and snug for a one-man operation -- I also have a Veritas Router table with a metal table and I am planning to get a metal fence -LRB- s -RRB- to use with this as it 's looks like a natural for an easy fence system for table top routing also ...
 This thing is great . It is easy to use , well made and well worth the price . The magnets are very strong and these things asolutely eliminate kick back . I have cut 1/16 &#34; strips with ease using this system . I ordered it on Tuesday and Amazon delivered it to me the next day . My only regret is that I did n't order it a bit sooner because Monday was the day I cut the tip of one of my fingers off with the table saw , -LRB- while cutting thin strips -RRB- . I had been thinking of getting one of these for a long time and just did n't get around to it . I HIGHLY recommend this product , and that you buy one before cutting another board on your table saw , unless you like painful reminders .
 We have an old 2 story house and therefore need a 3 story ladder . I researched all of the newer ladders after I tried to show the kids how to use the old metal rung and chain ladder that I had which was heavy and tangled and would have been very difficult to deploy in an emergency . I chose the X-IT because of the many reviews that rate it # 1 of all the ladders out there . It does NOT require installation . Hook it over the sill and release the velcro strap . No tangles . It 's that easy and the ladder in its small yellow carry case is very light . I 'm very pleased with this product and would recommend it to anyone with a second story .
 After researching a number of fire escape ladders in brick and mortar stores and online , I selected an X-It ladder . I chose it because it seemed light enough and simple enough for my young boys to deploy from their second floor room.After testing the release of the ladder , it was a simple matter to refold the rungs.The videos on the X-It website made it easy to understand how to deploy and refold the ladder.Some of the ladders I researched stated that they were for single-use only ; I ruled those out , because it meant that I could n't test it 's operation.Finally , my ladder did not come with a storage bag . I emailed the company through their website and go a response later that NIGHT . They promptly sent me a storage bag .
 I normally prefer to use a tool for a while before writing a review . I 'll break that rule in this case because someone needs to say something about this new tool . If my opinion changes over time I will write a follow-up . My Metabo Power Grip showed up today with the included tool belt . I looked it over closely and read the literature while one of the batteries charged . It 's a well made tool , clearly professional quality . The parts appear to be made of high quality materials and accurately manufactured , though I did n't tear the tool down to check inside . The aluminum gear housing conceals planetary gears.Ergonomics first . It fits comfortably in the hand and stores with a surprisingly low profile in any apron pocket or even a roomy pants pocket . Operation is simple and intuitive . I consider cordless drills too heavy to keep in my apron , but the Power Grip was there all evening without being irritating in the least.Power next . These appear to be the Power Grip 's limits
 I 've had this drill for almost a year now and figured I should say a little something about it . I 'm an electrician and constantly kept finding myself caught between two power/speed factors , those being my 18 volt drill or a screw driver . For instance , trim plates , cover plates , p-rings , box extensions pretty much anything secured with a # 6 or # 8 screw not to mention plugs and switches , these are an excellent example of where this tool has become invaluable to me . 18 volt drill ? too big and clunky to drag around for small screw work like that . Screw driver ? too slow , if you 've done alot of trim work you know what I mean . The solution ? the Power Grip . What a handy device this thing is , fits right in your belt bag like a fat screwdriver or a pants pocket for that matter . It 's the perfect tool for work that ranges in the middle of the power/speed dilemma . I carry the thing in my bag with the rest of my hand tools with a couple tips and just leave the flat head tip in it unless I 'm gon na drive a screw or three . I could n't be more pleased -LRB- well , maybe if they saw it in their hearts to have put a variable speed trigger in it -RRB- . The battery life on this thing is shocking -LRB- seriously -RRB- , if you use it like it was meant to be used you can go a week or two on one battery -LRB- I kid you not -RRB- , unless you try to drive wood screws all day with it , but that 's what the 18 volt is for , right ? Ya the charge time is a little slow , but treat it right , do n't throw it in the charger for 30 mins . use it and repeat the cycle , take it home when one dies and leave it over night you wo n't be disappointed . One more thing for you electricians out there , tired of gettin that cramped up wire nut hand ? get one of those hex drive wire nut twisters pop it in your Power Grip , problem solved .
 I was going to go with a Panasonic because of their excellent battery life , but the design of their cordless screwdriver just was n't to my liking . After reading these reviews and paying the most attention to the battery life I purchased this little gem . The first project was using it to put-on and snug down bolts on the construction of a 24 ' X 30 ' metal garage building -LRB- 60 + lbs of bolts -RRB- . From morning til after dark I used this screwdriver , and it did great . It needed recharging after all that but to have lasted the day with what I was doing was really impressive . I 'm still on the second battery - 1st charge , I 've put together 11 PC 's with it and it 's running like it 's at full charge.On the bad side I do agree with the reviewer who said the rocker switch should be front to back , totally agree , it 's awkward at times.Other than that the torque adjustment , the recharger , the batteries , the case , the holster , the material it 's made out of , ... I 'm thrilled with all of them ! Great screwdriver !
 FOR YEARS I 'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR A SMALL DRILL WITH POWER.WELL FOLKS MY SEARCH IS OVER.IT 'S NOT THE FASTEST , BUT IT GET 'S THE JOB DONE.IT CAN DRIVE A # 8 1.1 / 4 '' SCREWS IN PINE WITH NO PILOTHOLE WITH EASE.I 'VE HAD IT FOR A WEEK , AND HAVE'NT CHARGE THE BATTERY YET.THE ONLY FAULT I HAVE WITH THIS DRILL IS THE ROCKERSWITCH SHOULD HAVE BEEN BACK AND FORTH , INSTEAD OF SIDE TO SIDE.IT 'S A BIT PRICEY , BUT WELL WORTH IT.PATRICK HARRIS4 STAR REPAIR SER.MEMPHIS , TN .
 The Power Grip is my first Metabo product I have purchased . I have to say I really like the feel and quality of the overall product , except for one thing , the switch ! Unless you have long fingers/hands you will find it very unconfortable to operate . I do n't see why they made the forward/reverse switch rock from side to side , this is clearly a brain fart . I think the switch should rock forward and back for easier operation , as it is it is difficult to operate the switch forward because you need to stretch your finger further around the driver and press at the same time . I plan on keeping it because I like it but will find a way to replace the switch assembly or rotate it around . But if you have longer hands than me than your in business , I recommend it , plenty of power , needs maybe a tad more speed .
 I have had this power screwdriver a few weeks now , and it is really a great little tool . It does everything that I have asked it to and more . I have used it several times -LRB- a couple of times for an extended period -RRB- , and I have just now had to switch batteries . It has exceptional power for such a small tool . I really recommend this tool for the get up on the roof type jobs as well as a second unit in the shop . Work safely !
 I 'm impressed ! The torque that this little tool can generate is nothing less than phenomenal . I 've had mine for over a month now and have yet to be disappointed . As an earlier reviewer pointed out it only has one speed , which is a little fast for some applications , but other than that , it is a real jewel . I 've driven screws into maple , cherry , mesquite and oak and have yet to bog it down . If you drive a lot of screws , you need this !
 I almost did not buy this after the DRIVING in EUROPE review , what a mistake that would have been . The tabs on the battery are recessed in a concave and are pretty well protected from damage and the plastic is industrial grade . It would require some extraordinary bad luck to break them and they hold very securely.The driver has great power and is very smooth operating , the precision concentricity , is noticeable . I have owned other cordless screwdrivers and this is the best of them so far , second was my Blue Point . This little powerhouse can drive a 3 '' screw into pine . I could never have gotten close with my others . As for the fellow who was going to buy the DeWalt , I looked at it and even though I love DeWalt , the screwdriver is too big and clumsy for what I use a screwdriver for . The things the DeWalt would be used for are better handled by my Drill Driver.Is this perfect , no . I have big hands and the Metabo is big . Making the switch vertical might be better , would not know until I tried it . If you feel it is too big for your hand you can always choke up on it a little and operate the switch with your middle finger . As for the plug in charger it is good quality , but I would prefer a drop in . By the way this is available from Metabo , in the form of an adapter and one of their full size chargers , which will charge faster and give the battery longer service life.I like this tool , and like any tool , the user adapts to it the longer it is used . The clutch tames the power for lighter work , and the power is there if you need it . The build quality keeps the bit turning in a circle instead of a loose wobbling movement . This makes it easier to use , as the screw does not wobble either . The speed of this driver is fine for me , only the DeWalt and the Panasonic offer varying speeds anyway and the Panasonic is a two speed . I intend to be happy with this tool for some time to come , but everyone looks for different things in their tools . If you are interested in this driver give it a try , you wont be sorry .
 I have two shutters for one window just about done . I need more of the pins that hold the louvers and ordered them yesterday . I finished the shutters before assembly and have one glued up with the other waiting on the pins . They are painted white to match our trim -LRB- with white Resisthane -RRB- . The bits do what they are supposed to and work fine . The grinding is not up to the standards of the best router bits but are as good as you can reasonably expect at this price . I have used all the bits except the rabbetting bit -LRB- I prefer a dado head on my table saw -RRB- . They are good enough to do stain grade work but be prepared to sand prior to applying finish . You use the bit for the louvers the most and it works but is designed for relatively wide louvers . I made 3 inch , the plans talk about 31/2 inch . I think 3 inch are about the minimum since you need to have at least a small flat area in the center to support the louver against the router table fence . I also made a 15 degree wedge to support the top of the louver stock after one side is cut which is not mentioned in the plans.The hardest part of making the shutters is making the jigs and staying with it to make all the louvers . The hardest jig was the one to staple the louvers to the lift rod . I spent 11/2 hours on that one . If you are an experienced woodworker , you should be fine . If you are more of a beginner , you will need to be prepared to be patient with yourself until you get the hang of it . I think a beginner could do it but you need to be precise if the final product will work smoothly and this does not come easily to everyone . The bits are easily worth the money but do not underestimate the time or difficulty , plantation shutters are not real easy to make.Jim
 Quality of the cutters are typical to the price I paid , I created one set of plantation shutters using poplar wood and it turned out fine .
 I have this 2-story model and the 3-story model . I have already installed the mounting plate -LRB- optional -RRB- . I had two different types of escape ladders and returned them both when I got this one . They cost more and were no where near the ease or quality . Do n't listen to the first reviewer . This person must be refering to a different product . Key note
 I agree with the second person . I bought one of these then bought a second one by Kidde because Home Depot stop selling the X-IT . I have an old house with deeper windows and the Kidde does n't work without some modification to the window , which I do n't want to do . That 's why I did a search for another X-IT which I am about to buy through Amazon . The X-IT was very easy to put up and I prefer to install the bracket below the window .
 While we have n't tested it yet , it is evidently a good product . Very lightweight , surprisingly small , apparently well-made , it has several features that speak to thoughtful design . The ladder is packaged in a vivid yellow nylon storage bag that uses Velcro fasteners for closure
 Product arrived promptly in excellent condition.I especially like that this ladder can be used for practice , and then re-packed for emergency use .
 this was gifor a raffel . i am unaware who or where this item went or how it was liked ven as a gift
 A very cool little light with a lot of power . I gave serval to grateful east coast friends at the holidays .
 I purchaced this for my eating nook . Overall it was very simple and straight forward to install . What you see in the picture is what you get . The only thing that they do n't mention is that the arms that hold the lights actually pivot so you can customize where the lights are positioned slightly . The hologen bulbs for this fixture are a bit difficult to come by , but I did find them in our local hardware store . I do have to keep it off during the hotter days due to it being a hologen and the lights getting the air very warm , but it does give off a lot of light . I feel that this has been a good purchace overall .
 I was very pleased when I received my new lighting fixture . The packing was sufficient to keep it from moving around so there were no nicks or dents and all the glass was intact . The glass globes are gorgeous and they are substantial in weight - definitely not something easily broken -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . The only disappointment is that the bulbs were not ready to be shipped at the same time so I have an installed light that wo n't turn on because it does n't have the bulbs yet . However , it 's still a stunning light fixture and I ca n't wait for the bulbs .
 Easy to install . I have it on a dimmer , greater lighting . I like the design .
 if you do n't require a lot of jules for computers or such . the added bonus of the outlet adapter makes this a done deal .
 It has stickers on it that leave glue behind so if you want to paint it , like me , then it 'll take a little work . Aside from that it 's very heavy duty and works great for what I needed !
 This Chandelier is beautiful . The picture does not do it justice.The price I paid was incredible and it arrived only in days of ordering it.I would recommend it to anyone .
 Just installed this chandelier in my dining room and I love it . It 's well made and as described / pictured . There is only three 60 watt bulbs , not 4 . The 4th one in the center is a small bulb like you would use in a candle at Christmas time . Plenty of light for what I need . Very happy with it and how can you beat the price ??
 I find these bits to be well-made , razor-sharp , and have a nice finish . The CMT bits have a slightly longer pilot than some bits I 've used , so you need to be careful not to drill through.I use forstners in a drill press , not in a hand-held drill , and I 've had none of the edge problems reported in another review .
 Excellent product at the best price I could find either in a store or online . They did not come in a wooden box but rather a plastic case -LRB- see the 12 bit set -RRB- but the bits are of the highest quality . Work great !!
 Great socket . Perfect fit , very durable , and cost effective . I would certainly buy another OTC socket . Thanks for the great product !
 This hub locknut wrench worked great , fit perfectly . The specs did not include my truck but the one called out for my year did n't work . If anyone is looking for a wrench for a 1997 Ford F350 4x4 this is the one you want for the removing the front wheel hub bearings .
 This tool works fine for the outer locking nut . Do not use it to adjust the inner wheel bearing nut otherwise you will break off the anti-rotation pin on the inner nut . I like using this tool for the outer nut rather than using the locknut socket designed for the inner wheel bearing retaining nut . It stays on the nut better at the high torque loads required for the outer nut .
 I tried to find this at Lowe 's and only one old timer associate even knew what I was talking about . My local old fashioned hardware store did n't have it either . Instead of using a nail or drill to get a starting whole you just use this .
 My guess is that this product will last a lifetime plus some . Extremely well made . Just the right size . I can rely on this item to be with me a long time and to be used often .
 This was a product that was highly recommended and I ended up presenting this to the entire team . This helped save valuable time and effort and made our job more efficient . The product did exactly what we wanted to do .
 This is a great little product , I have used one of these for years and lost mine , went to store for replacement only to find out that in the big box stores no one even knows what they are . Went on line to Amazon and had it in two days . Great find .
 This screw starter is a must have for every woman 's tool box . It 's great for getting a hole started when you need to start a screw in anything woooden and either do n't have a drill or you do n't want to get it out . Great for craft projects , too .
 The product arrived on time and as advertised . What more can you ask of a whetstone ?
 very nice nice screwdriver set . compact and you wont loose parts . great set .
 Though I have so far used it for only a few jobs , I enjoy the experience of wielding this pen-sized wonder . The cap is easy to unwind , and securing a bit into the grabber is sensational . The bits seem to be apt and very sharp ; and the bit sizes for mine range from about the thickness of a delicate sewing needle up to that of a pencil lead.Though I would not recommend stomping on it or rolling over it with a car , the casing seems suitably sturdy ; and with reasonable care , I imagine it will last for many years . If you like a solid feeling of precision at your will , this mini drill may fit the bill -- but just be sure to keep it away from your friend 's mouth , or you may discover that inner dentist of yours .
 These are the most confortable sandals i 've ever worn ! They are super durable . Would n't get anything other than reefs . Also look into their bottle opener sandals !
 Compr&eacute; estas sandalias para un regalo de cumplea & ntilde ; os de mi hermano , y cuando las recib&iacute; me gustaron mucho son de muy buena calidad y muy c&oacute;modas bastante suaves , el cuero el da un buen estilo . Las recomiendo yo quiero unas !
 Light and confortable style , leather look , strong design , also , arrived pretty soon ; they look bigger than they are . Good deal .
 First time wearing these I spent all day walking around Boston . Super comfy , and no issues . The last time I bought sandals I broke them in walking around Philadelphia and ended up getting blisters . Not the case this time , they even got wet and are still going strong .
 I received exactly what I ordered . They are of same quality of Reef 's that I 've bought in the store.My husband has worn them for over a month now and he has no complaints .
 It 's good to know that if you 're considering this particular sandal , that the soles are thinner than some other Reef 's out there . That said , these feel and fit great as expected !
 Comfortable while walking , but bit soft sole and good apperance too , if u like soft sole i would recommend this
 They look great and should be even better once I break them in . They are on the smaller size when it comes to length . If you where a size 11 , your heel will be very close to the edge . So if you prefer to have a little bit more space between the heel and the back of the flop I would go a half size bigger . For me I prefer my heel to be almost flush with the back so I am happy with the product .
 Purchased for my son ; it 's a good looking slide that looks good on his feet . Great for easy days around the house or beach .
 The flip flops are fantastic , we love this brand . What 's not to like ? Comfy and casual - great year round footwear for Florida .
 not the exact color I thought it was but they are my favorite type of sandals.The only thing that would make it a 5 is if they added a bottle opener and a secret key compartment .
 I 've worn leather sandals for years that ranged from $ 10 at Target that last about 6 months then fall apart to nicer Rainbows at $ 45 that last a year or so . These sandals are by far the most comfortable I 've owned and have lasted 6 months so far with no problems ! Great purchase with years of use to come !
 Exactly what I thought I ordered . Very nice sandals . Had to exchange for a bigger size but this was my mistake .
 These flip flops are divine . The name is n't misleading at all -- the footbed is as smooth as can be . The straps are short enough that your feet do n't really `` flip '' or `` flop '' when walking , and durable enough that they do n't stretch . I have been complaining about stretching issues with reefs for years , but these do n't have that problem . Overall a great buy.Note
 This is my first leather sandal by Reef and it is growing on me . You need to break it in , unlike their other Reef sandals that are really comfortable from the getgo . This one is becoming more comfortable as I wear it . I am still not taking long walks but it might become one of my favorites .
 Really comfortable sandals . The bottom is sort of falling off though and I 've only had them for about three months .
 What more can be said about Reef Flip Flops ... Excellent quality , comfortable , looks great with shorts or pants . Ca n't go wrong . Perfect fit .
 I bought these for my husband ... he has n't worn them yet -LRB- they 're a Christmas gift -RRB- , but I 'm really hopeful that they 'll hold up to his abuse ! LOL : -RRB-
 The most amazing flip flop a guy will ever wear . I wear a size 12 in other flips , but got a size 13 in these . Right out of the box they felt awesome - a few days of wearing and they were AMAZINGLY AWESOME ! They are so darn comfortable it is unbelievable . Plus the styling goes so well with both shorts , or in the cooler weather a pair of jeans.Don ' t waste money on more expensive flip flops when these guys go the distance . Remember guys , order one size up for best fit .
 Just got my pair and I love them . Well made , exactly the same color as I ordered , and they 're some of the most comfortable shoes I own . Ca n't go wrong here , so I 'm not sure where the negative reviews are coming from . I hesitated before buying because of some of the weird feedback on this site , but I 'm glad I went ahead with it . Great purchase . I wear size 10.5 , ordered size 11 , they fit perfectly . Love them .
 The slippers are true to the size and really comfortable . I only buy reef slippers because there good quality and last a long time .
 These sandals are just as better than my last pair of Rainbows at half the price . They look and feel awesome , and they are super comfy . The fit is exactly the same as a nike running shoe .
 Reef sandals are the only way to go ! Comfortable and stylish ! Great transaction ! Great price , product , and service . Amazon is a great place to shop !
 I ordered the Bronze/Brown leather Reefs to wear while working from home . They have a lighter-colored tread which does n't leave marks on our lighter colored carpet . They are very comfortable and very well built . I went with the recommendation of ordering one size larger than I normally wear . I usually wear a size 12 Asics shoe . Therefore , I ordered a size 13 reef sandal . They fit perfectly !
 I bought these for my boyfriend , who loved them . They do run a bit small . He wears an 111/2 and the 12 fit comfortably . Attractive and stylish as brown flip flops go .
 These are very nice flip flops . Several people have told me how cool the design looks on the shoe . I would say you might want to order a size up . Because I had to go one size up , and even then it was a close fit .
 I 'm your typical Californian . Lived up north in Santa Cruz , CA for a while , and learned how to really wear shorts , t-shirts , and sandals . Now I 'm addicted ! I ca n't walk around without sandals and shorts anymore , just does n't feel right.Anyhow , I ordered these guys because my old pair was wearing out . -LRB- The strap actually broke while I was driving , super lame . -RRB- These are pretty nice , casual sandals . Very lightweight , thin , and stylish . They do n't require any breaking in , they feel really comfortable at first wear . They are n't stiff , and bend nicely with your foot.I 'm giving them 4 out of 5 stars because I actually prefer a slightly thicker sandal . This will probably wear out within 2 months of everyday usage . They are definitely worth purchasing if you want something simple and stylish to wear around .
 This is a great all leather sandal . Very comfortable and perfect fit by size .
 Great leather flip flops ! Bought them for my husband and he really likes them . Great look , great fit . I wear Reef 's Ginger flip flops and want a pair like this too !
 Like the sandals , but unless you like them short and narrow SIZE UP ! I typically wear a 10.5 in most shoes . I sized up to an 11 and they were too small . Returned them and ordered a 12 .
 This is the second pair of the smoothies I have owned . I have nerve damage in my feet and many shoes cause my feet to ache . These are always comfortable from day one and the way the conform and fit my feet causes them to feel relaxed .
 These look like a good quality flip flop . It 's still winter , have n't had a chance to try them out yet .
 Just what I was looking for ! They look great and they 're very comfortable ! Sizing seems true to size . Not too big , not too small .
 I have loved Reef sandals from the womb , but I finally convinced my husband to try them ! He was comfortable from the moment he put them on and even said they are the only flip flops he will buy from now on also !!
 Im very happy with this sandal . Soft and confortable . With sandals its different size chart . if you are 10.5 you have to purchase 10 not 11 .
 This was ordered for a 18 year old teenager , who loves them . They were delivered on time , and kept me informed with emails from the time I paid for until they were delivered to my door . Would order this product again .
 I was so happy when I found these flip flops for so cheap . I looked around the malls and searched store to store and found nothing close to this price . I bought them for my boyfriend and he absolutely loves them . He wears them every day . I am so happy .
 These Reef Sandals are probably the fourth pair that I 've owned . I got my first pair as a gift from a girlfriend and I 've liked them , ever since . This pair has been the most comfortable pair that I have owned so far . They are extremely lightweight . This pair may not offer the same support as some of the thicker , heavier plastic sandals but , the lightweight and smooth leather insoles more than make up for it . They just feel great to wear . They are great sandals and they are extremely versatile . You can wear them anywhere and they look stylish and comfy . So far , all my Reef Sandals have proven to be comfortable , stylish , durable and relatively long-lasting . If they get a little dirty , just wash them , let them air-dry and they look almost new again.I recommend Reef sandals / flip-flops for guys and girls . There 's a great selection of girl 's and guy 's Reef Sandals . They also look great on the girls and they seem to love them too , especially here in FL where they can basically be worn year-round . They make a great gift for that special girl in your life . You ca n't go wrong by buying a girl a pair of shoes , they can never have too many pairs , right ? LOL : - -RRB-
 I have sweaty feet and have found that this is the only sandal -LRB- Reef Smoothy -RRB- that my sweaty feet will not slide out of when it is hot and I am walking . Plus they are comfortable , durable , and last for years . I have had one of my pears for seven years now and still wear them .
 im the kinda guy who wears flip flops 24/7 even in winter and these things seem very durable and fit to your feet well and i have very flat feet . However there are very obvious marks where my toes are they just look like wear and tear of leather and kind of add to the look i think . all in all these are aweesome flip flops and i would recommend them to anyone
 This is my second chuck from Teknatool . The first is a midi scroll chuck with which I am quite happy . The supernova is beautifully made and smooth operating . I can not detect any vibration or runout even at high speeds . The hex key operation is a nice convenience although it gives you more mechanical advantage than is safe for some woods . The product has met or exceeded all of my expectationsThe manual is more advertisment than practical instruction on the use of the product.Service from the vendor was prompt and curteous . The chuck was shipped two days after I placed the order .
 I got this to go with a Jet lathe -LRB- see my review of that -RRB- that was lying fallow at work and boy , has it been great.It came with two sets of dovetail inside-outside jaws . The jaws are numbered to keep them in the factory machining order , so use a sharpie to make it easier to tell which is which when you change them . They need to be put on in the right order for balance.This lovely thing really warms the cockles of my heart . I love this kind of stuff . It 's very simple to use , comes with everything you need to start immediately , is beautifully made , and shiny . Ooooh . No slip in the mechanism , nice accessories and good service . When I spoke to the dealer -LRB- Woodworker Specialties -RRB- I just gave the model number of the lathe and the chuck arrived with the right adapter . How nice is that ?!
 This chuck fit nicely on my lathe and Works just like advertized . Surprisingly solid gripping . Not cheap but worth the price .
 I purchased one of these ... Put it up int he garage and decided that it was so useful that I purchased another one for the other side of the garage .
 Item installs easily . Mesh tpye shelf bottom makes it easy to see what is on the shelf even if it is away from the edge .
 Just what I was looking for . Relatively easy to install ... my garage has two layers of sheet rock -LRB- code now , apparently -RRB- and it took me a long time to find the studs and I had to buy longer -LRB- 21/2 '' -RRB- lag screws to secure them properly . I think 2 hours is a good install time estimate if you are relatively handy and in a bit of a hurry ; 1-1 .5 hours if your rafters are exposed -LRB- no sheet rock -RRB- . I 'd say it took me almost 21/2 to 3 hours , though , as I was very cautious of it hitting the garage door and triple checked everything.This is a well thought out and quality product ! I ordered two more this week .
 Assembly not difficult , but I had difficulty finding joists . Follow directions , works regardless of which way you select to use the hanging thingys , but looks better if facing each other .
 As others have said , this system is very forgiving on the placement of the ceiling brackets . Roof joists can be anywhere from 24-36 '' apart . The system also works on vaulted/angled ceilings . The extra storage space is wonderful , I 'll be buying another one !
 A pretty good product . Take your time mounting the first one if you order more than one like I did . I recommend figuring out the lines you want the racks to follow first , then mark the stud points along those lines . Seriously , use a chalk line to line up all the anchor brackets when mounting two racks in a row . All in all , easy to install , and sturdy enough to get a lot of miscellaneous junk off the floor in my garage .
 My garage is a separate outbuilding and has its own self-supporting truss roof -- that is , there is no lally pole holding it up . The HyLoft works well enough in this situation . Its weight limit is low enough that you wo n't damage your truss system if you do n't do anything stupid . I have two of them holding items that are just heavy enough for one person to lift above the head which is just about right.I recommend getting the hook accessories which are great for hanging things like spare fluorescent bulbs , brooms , skis , and other long things.The package that arrives is very heavy but breaks down into manageable pieces that one person can easily install with the help of stepladder and a drill.Note
 The hardest part of the installation was locating the studs . My ceiling has 2 sheets of drywall making the stud sensor useless . I ended up drilling a bunch of tiny holes to locate the studs . Also the lag screws and the test nails are a little short for ceiling with 2-sheet drywall . I had to purchase longer ones at Home Depot .
 These are outstanding . We installed 4 of them on the ceiling above our garage door and they are excellent . Easy to install , easy to use , and look perfect . These allow us to really store seasonal items so conveniently and easily . I highly recommend doing a price comparison between Lowe 's and Amazon .
 Great product , i oredred 4 . The first one was a little difficult to asssemble , after that it was a breeze . Great organizer and space saver . Highly recommend .
 After seeing these on Amazon for a number of months I finally took the plung and picked up two of them . I am very pleased with how well they work and the quality of the construction.These are not the easiest things to install in the world , but if you follow the instructions it goes up as advertised and does the trick . The design is also fairly forgiving if you do n't square up your anchors perfectly.A must have for people who want to store things in the garage and still have room to park your car .
 After reading other reviews , I had to try this . Our house has not attic to speak of , has huge bonus room -LRB- media room -RRB- where attic would be . So , space to store stuff is a premium . Since I have 10 foot ceilings in the garage , I thought this would be a great solution . Also , I had already put wired shelving around all the walls in the garage for storage , so this would fit in perfectly . Installation was about an hour . Ordered 2 of these and putting up the second was much faster . Planning on ordering another 2 when they go on sale for $ 50 again . Very , very pleased with this and quality was more than I expected .
 The storage racks were fairly easy to install and work perfectly . It really helps to assemble the hangars before you get up on a ladder . It takes time because of all the pieces but the results are fantastic .
 I would recommend this to anybody , especially if they have taller ceilings in their garage . My garage only has 8 ' ceilings , so I could n't extend the shelf down to the bottom for the most space , but it still has a surprising amount of space up there . Installation was easy - the hardest part was finding the joists . My stud finder just was n't able to read anything through that thick 5/8 '' ceiling drywall , so I ended up just going up in the attic and measuring to make sure I got things right . I would recommend getting socket bits for your drill to drive the lag screws into the joists much easier.Shelf is very sturdy , and makes great use of otherwise unused space .
 This product certainly has helped with the storage problem in my garage . I bought 3 units and I 'm surprised at how easy they were to hang and how much stuff ended up fitting on them .
 Hi.I 'd read some of the other reviews before buying , so I thought installation would be a hassle . The directions were good , and I had THREE of them installed in thirty-minutes . The only thing that was -LSB- somewhat -RSB- tricky was finding the rafter beams . That 's not the system 's fault , it just is what it is . Once located , it went up in a snap . Everything you needed was in the package , and the instructions were logical.You need a hammer , drill with a few regular bits , and a couple of wrenches . Easy.Once installed , it seemed plenty strong to hold normal junk -- lots of it . I would n't store a pallet of bricks or anything , but boxes of clothing , some books , kitchen gear , sporting goods -- no problem .
 I finally bought and installed the Hyloft overhead Storage system -LRB- 2 -RRB- . Installation was relatively easy and a one person job . The instructions are clearly writting and the hardware pieces clearly marked and organized . The Hyloft Racks look great and have made my garage less of a cluttered mess . I will most likely buy more to fill up the rest of the `` unoccupied '' space on my garage ceiling and I am toying with the idea of buying the Hyloft wall racks for even more storage .
 This was easy to install and works great . Shipping was fast and not damaged .
 I bought three of these after looking around the internet for weeks for the best deal . Amazon 's free shipping got them to my front door without me getting a truck . It took several hours to get all the ceiling joists located and the location of the racks just right , but after that installation was a breeze for a not-so handyman like myself . The amount of storage is perfect and in our two car garage we put everything up and away while still getting both cars in each night . I would buy more of these if I had more room .
 I love this storage device . Or course finding the studs were a pain , but this product allows for errors the way it 's built , therefore it does n't have to be exactly even when hung . It is highly recommended . I plan on buying another one to accompany it .
 The product does what it says it can do at a price you ca n't really beat . I bought a total of 3 units and it took me about 3 hours to install the very first rack because I had to figure it all out by looking at the pictures and puzzling together the pieces . Instructions are very poorly written and I mostly used the pictures on the packaging to do my assembly . After the first rack went in , the other two only took about an hour and a half each , since I had the routine down . One really important thing to note is that the manufacturer provides a new set of main screws that hold the posts into the ceiling . But for whatever reason , they only provide 8 of these new screws , when the unit requires 12 . So I ended up using the old screws , which I could tell right away just by looking at them that the material was weaker . I was also annoyed that they manufacturer did n't provide any washers for the main screws ; essentially the whole thing is relying on the small diameter heads of the screws , whereas washers would add much more surface area . Needless to say , I added steel washers myself . Other than that , everything else was fairly straightforward and I was happy to see that parts at least fit together okay.The racks have been up for over 2 months now and they are holding up a good amount of weight , clearing out plenty of room in my garage . It is important to note that a couple of the old screws actually snapped off . I heard a loud deflection noise coming from the garage and came out to find some of the screw heads on the floor - use the new screws the manufacturer provides -LRB- or get your own -RRB- . Having said that , I do n't recommend this installation for someone who does not have basic assembly skills , particularly related to house modifications . Without a doubt , you will need the following tools
 The storage system works as advertised . Easy to install . I put two up in a couple hours by myself . I now have 400lbs of stuff I should have just thrown away neatly stored overhead in my garage .
 I agree with all the positive things said about these shelves . I purchased 5 of them and they are great . I really appreciated the bag of extra hardware , as I had lost a few nuts during installation.Forget the nails that come with the kit -LRB- used to initially attach the brackets to the joists . -RRB- I found it too difficult to to hammer a nail into a joist over my head . I used 2.5 inch sheet rock screws and they worked great . Just put on through the center hole and then use the 2 lag bolts that come with the kit . Also , if doing several units , make a template out of a piece of scrap material to get the measurement right between the front and rear brackets . I think the distance is about 45 '' . I used a piece of plastic channel that hides wires . I cut it to the length of the support arms and drilled holes where they needed to be . Then I could use a screw -LRB- from the first tip -RRB- to hold the template to the ceiling while I located the joist for the second bracket . Mark the edges of the joist , then swing the template into position and drill the center hole for the bracket . Worked great.The only problems I had that the end caps for the horizontal rods did n't fit snuggly in 3 out of the 5 kits . They were different designs between the ones that fit and did n't . Easily solved by a dab of silicon sealant .
 Strong and sturdy product . I have purchase 7 units for my garage . Ca n't go wrong . Quality product that has solved my storage needs ...
 I just ordered two more to add to the three I put up last week . -LRB- The latest two were on a Gold Box Special -RRB- . These are very easy to install once you locate the joists in your ceiling.I was able to install them without any help and had three up in about 31/2 hours . I have room for two more , hence my additional purchase . -LRB- I have also ordered two of the Hyloft 45 `` X15 '' shelving systems based upon the high quality of their overheads.One recommendation
 HyLoft 45-by-45-Inch Overhead Storage System # 00540This system is absolutly amazing , I am a 62 year old woman and I was able to put up 2 of these units all by myself ... the only issues I had was trying to mark the spot for the initial nails -LRB- I could not hold up the brace and mark the place for the holes -RRB- instead I used a tape measure . I must admit that I had exposed beams therefore I did not have to look for studs . The other issue was I was not strong enough to hammer the nail in to hold the brace , but since I could see the exposed beams I did not feel that would compromise the brace , so I used the screws provided.The first unit took me about 3 hours , but the second I did in less than an hour . I am planning on putting up at least 6 more of these units . I also ordered the hooks , and all my gardening equipment , such as blower , edger , coolers and portable chairs are all neatly hanging from the hooks . This has been the perfect answer for a very cluterd garage ...
 Easy to install and the white color blends in with the ceiling . Able to load it up and get some junk out of the house . I bought another one because I liked it so much -LRB- we have a lot of junk -RRB- .
 Got alot of stuff off the garage floor with this product . I found it easy on all sides of it to get to boxes or plastic containers that I store on it . When I started out putting it up , I did ` nt think it would hold . BUT WRONG it 's stronger then the shelves that sit on the ground.If you want to get stuff off the floor , try this Overhead Storage System . I 'm about to order another .
 this shelf is pretty cool . I hung it in my basement over my water softener and sump pump -LRB- I live in Iowa -RRB- . I can pretty much store all of my wife 's christmas stuff up there . These are alot stronger that I expected for the price I paid -LRB- $ 40 shipped to my house -RRB- . I was expecting a piece of crap but it turned out to be pretty good . I would buy another one for the right price .
 While it is possible for one person to install the Hyloft Overhead Storage System , I would recommend two . My son & I put it up in my basement in less than 1 hour , the instructions were great , the hardware packaging is first rate . The Hyloft Overhead Storage System is an excellent way to cram more junk into your available space .
 The Hyloft 540 45 X 45 '' overhead storage system appears to be well designed . When it is fully assembeld , it can sway back and forth , at the top of all four ceiling legs , indicating that stiffeners are needed . If more top supoport is added , this would be an excellent product , I guess you get what you pay for .
 Others have said it - installation is incredibly forgiving . Other than making sure you are anchored to the rafters , you can be off by even a few inches in just about any direction and the system will install properly.Probably the thing that surprised me most was that the installation kit included some extra mounting hardware for the times a nut will slip out of your hands as you are reaching toward the ceiling.Installation is easy -LRB- not so much in finished garages -RRB- , in that you install this thing a tiny piece at a time . At no time are you installing a piece that weighs more than 5 pounds nor anything that requires 2 people to install . It 's a 15 minute installation in an unfinished garage . Add an hour for finding the darn studs in an finished garages . No question that installation is a one-person task.The claim is that a shelf will support up to 250 lbs , but honestly , I would n't put more than half that on them . The supports are flat strips of steel -LRB- not L-shaped -RRB- with a small lip at the bottom . This in turn allows for a lot of movement of the shelf in two directions . With the lack of a lip on the shelf itself , I can imagine a box slidng off the shelf during a quake , or being pushed off the far end as you are pusing a box on the shelf . My solution is to wrap bungee cords around the perimeter , making a `` side '' to the shelf units . If you hook the cord ends into the holes used for adjusting the shelf height , it will shove the shelf contents together toward the center of the shelf , but should keep it secure.5-star product , less one star for the lack of a lip . Even an optional accessory lip would have been nice.Pros : * Simple , forgiving installation * Easily mounts to any rafter spacing * Shelf height adjusts in 2 '' increments * Can be mounted in vaulted garages * Very low price * Spare mounting hardware includedCons : * No shelf lip to keep things from sliding off during earthquake - NOTE
 Just got through installing 4 of these in my garage and so far I am very satisfied . The units are more than sturdy enough to declutter my garage , and yet everything is accessible if the need arises . Installation was fairly straight forward , although there are 2 things I would recommend . 1 -RRB- Get someone to help with the initial placement of the angle iron anchors . They get placed 44 inches apart , and it would be rather diffucult to exactly measure the distance on the ceiling of your garage . Much easier to have one person hold the bracket in place , and have a second person mark the appropriate holes . 2 -RRB- If you do n't have one , invest in a 7/16 nut driver bit for your drill . It will be worth its weight in gold and spare you a sore shoulder -LRB- much better than hand driving the hex bolts into the celiing joists with a socket wrench -RRB- . Anyway , the units prove to be very versatile as you can adjust the height and link them to each other to provide extra long storage spaces . I have several large storage bins , luggage , skis , a snowboard , and some dive gear up there and still have room for more . If your garage needs some TLC , these provide a significant amount of out of the way storage space for a decent price .
 Great product and price . Well constructed and sturdy . Clear instructions . I liked the way that the nuts and bolts were packaged . The bag of extra hardware came in handy when I dropped a nut while on the ladder and it bounced into a black hole.The shelves can be a bit wobbly when just hanging in the middle of a ceiling . I installed mine next to my garage wall . I bought some right angle brackets and attached them to the wall and the back vertical support arms . It 's rock steady now.My only complaint is that the height adjustment on the vertical support arms is in 2 inch increments . I would have preferred 1 inch ... but then again , that may have made them weaker .
 We have a high ceiling in our garage which amounted to a lot of wasted space which I needed to store large wreath boxes and Christmas decorations . I purchased two sets of Hyloft 540 45 X 45 . They arrived promptly with all of the elements needed . No extra purchases needed from the big box stores.Everything works perfectly . We did make some changes because our rafters are 24 inches on center and we wanted the upright hangers to be attached to a rafter and have the uprights at the end of the grid which is 45 x 45 . My husband went into the attic and put extra 2x4 supports where the uprights would be attached . This was time consuming but reassuring to us that the grid would be secure.It may have been over kill ... but we are just like that.We are definitely pleased with the systems and plan to buy two more for the other garage bay.It is so nice to have those boxes out of sight when the garage doors are up . From the outside , no one knows we have anything stored there . Love that !
 Cleaning the garage was a 3 day project . We filled a dumpster and sent a vanload to charity , but there were some things I needed to store , and the only space was overhead.I bought 4 of these and it does take a while to find the beams , drill the holes , and mount them . However , the process is straight forward , and if you follow the directions , you will endup with plenty of additional storage space.What I liked most was the variable height . Some areas would accept a shelf a bit closer to the ceiling while others would allow the full extension . It all worked ! Now those suitcases , coolers , and other items we do use are close at hand but out of the way.I ordered 4 . It turns out they were shipped from different warehouses . One arrived a day ahead of schedule , and the other 3 were right on time . Everything came exactly as promised.I happily recommend this product .
 I was skeptical when buying this -LRB- thanks Amazon 's easy return -RRB- . I did homework before installation
 I went into this looking for two things
 This is the 4th time we have purchased this product . It is that good . My husband has installed them in our garage . We use one for left over wood from home improvements , another for Christmas decorations , one for travel gear and the last for seasonal items . We will probably add more when we have a need . My husband says they install with a minimum of effort . He has replaced the screws that come with this unit with longer ones , however . Having the same units installed in the garage , give it a custom look . This is like having 4 additional closets in our home .
 Would you like to consolidate all your items that take up valuable space and put your cars back in the garage ? I now have three of these in the garage and have even started moving items out of the closets in the house . Easy to install and each rack will hold up to 18 file boxes and 250 lbs .
 I 'd bought this unit before and its fantastic . It takes a little effort to install but the process is very easy . Combining multiple units is simple as well .
 I bought two of these for our garage when we moved into our new house . They worked out so well , I just bought and installed two more . For the price they are well built and sturdy enough for basic storage needs -LRB- coolers , a car top carrier , ski 's ... -RRB- . The instructions were clear and installation was easy . I hang our bikes and a step ladder off of one of them . The optional hooks for hanging items also work well .
 I needed suspended storage in my garage so I researched all the options . The Hylofts were the best value and most cost effective solution I could find . You can spend hundreds more , but I opted for these instead . They hold 250lbs each -LRB- that 's a lot -RRB- plus they can cover good square footage -LRB- you can get in a variety of sizes -RRB- . All you need to do is make sure you screw them into your ceiling joists . From there you hang the arms down to a variety of lengths , depending on your needs . The rest of the setup is easy , just simple nuts , bolts & screws.I had just moved into my house and was having contract work done , so I had the contract attach the arm mount to the ceiling joists , then did the rest myself . I had four of them done in about an hour.Once mounted and filled with stuff , they do swing slightly , but not much . Overall they feel solid . For the price , you just ca n't beat it.Thumbs up from here .
 These arrived quickly even using the free shipping . They are exactly as advertised . Quality is good and design allows flexibility in the installation . Two of them installed above the overhead garage doors got a lot of the bulky items off the garage floor .
 I purchased 3 for my garage . Installation was slow but not difficult on the first one . Then it went quickly . My stud finder was old so I resorted to the hit & miss method . Once you locate a stud they are usualy 16 '' off center and you can measure from there . The materials arrived in great shape and are quality steel -LRB- powder coated white -RRB- . Easy to adjust height . They easily handled the 200 lbs I loaded on each . Only criticism is the vertical hanging pieces are thin metal and a bit unstable . The shelf unit will rock if you bump into it but , as its overhead , its not a major concern . Amazon had the best price .
 Other reviewers have covered this item well . In my experience , the hardest part of installation was locating the ceiling joists behind the drywall and getting the ceiling brackets up . It 's not all that comfortable standing on a ladder , looking up , and working on the ceiling . Once the four ceiling brackets are up , then it 's pretty smooth sailing . I overtightened and snapped one of the small bolts that connect the grids to each other , so watch out for that . -LRB- Luckily , Hyloft included a spare . -RRB- The unit sways when you move items onto the rack but overall it feels like it will hold up . A small nitpick is that I measured the grid and it 's actually 43 x 45 inches , not 45 x 45 . So one star off for the somewhat inaccurate product title .
 I put this up by myself in a little over an hour with zero hassle . It came in so handy and was so easy to install I bought another one that I installed right above the car . The adjustability came in handy for head clearance in the middle of the garage where we get the most foot traffic from car to back door . Very sturdy . I 've read the comments about it swaying when loading or unloading the rack . Of course it 's going to sway as it was designed that way . Just use common sense when loading/unloading . I have one of the racks loaded to just about capacity -LRB- 250lbs -RRB- for a month without issue . Buy this rack ! You dont think you need it but trust me , you do !
 The Hyloft storage system was easy to install and helps keep your garage or other area free from clutter . I would recommend it to any one looking to clean up around the garage .
 I bought two of these to clear my Garage and make it usable again . Works just as described , and like other reviewers noted it is very forgiving . As long as you are close on your measurements , the brackets will flex a little to make up for any inaccuracies on your part . Good product for the price and good materials . Highly recommended . Probably going to pick up a few more in the future too .
 Purchased 3 sets of the shelving from Amazon and installed the first two yesterday afternoon in our garage above our garage door -LRB- otherwise useless space -RRB- . Install was very easy -LRB- 60 minutes for the first unit , 40 minutes for the second unit -RRB- and I loaded them up immediately with folding ladders , sawhorses , and sleds . Very well made and configurable design . My only issue is the ridiculously cheap cable ties that are provided if you want to `` gang '' the units together ... seriously , they snap when you snug them up . Other than that , perfect product !
 I 've been looking at these for quite a while and finally bought the HyLoft -LRB- vs. the more expensive brand with the pulley -RRB- . This was so easy to install - the hardest part by far is finding the studs and marking where to nail/drill . I installed this in under two hours by myself without any help from my husband ! The instructions are amazingly clear with every screw and nut individually labelled and packaged.Make sure that your studs are n't futher apart than the length of the wire screens - mine were by about an inch and a half . Luckily the downrods can bend a little bit.I LOVE having our clamshell off the floor . Highly recommend .
 We have purchased 4 of these to use the empty space in our garage to the fullest . They are fairly easy to install and hold alot of items and weight . Great item .
 We purchased 4 of these that go across our 3-car garage . They are wonderful . All our seasonal decorations , ski equipment , and lots of other items fit great and have freed up so much space in our garage . It is also easy to get things down from the shelves . It took my husband and a friend a few hours to install but if they can do it , any one can . LOVE THESE !!
 You can count on HyLoft - it is solid great quality alway.And when it is on sale you can not resist.Uses the space over the garage door otherwise unused , adjastable hight
 We were going to hire a contractor to install similar system until we saw this on sale at Amazon.We ordered 2 systems just to see how easy the installation is after readding other reviews.They arrived in just 3 days and simply enough , it took myself only 2 hours to put this up on top of the garage ceiling.If you 're thinking about adding more storage spaces . This is the system to get .
 A GREAT AND INEXPENSIVE WAY TO ORGANIZE THE GARAGE . USE SPACE NOT CURRENTLY UTILIZED . INSTALLS IN ABOUT 30 MINUTES . JUST BE SURE YOU HIT THE STUDS IN THE CEILING . I 'VE INSTALLED FOUR ALLREADY AND JUST PURCHASED TWO MORE . I 'VE GOT MY LUGGAGE AND CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS OUT OF THE WAY AND IN A PLACE EASY TO GET AT .
 Great way to free up space in garage with higher ceilings . Once I found the ceiling studs -LRB- the only really tough part -RRB- , it was quick and easy to install and holds all our Christmas decorations - for now . I might have to buy a second one .
 I love the HyLoft Overhead Storage System . It makes great use of space that I did n't have access to before . It 's not as big as I pictured in my mind -LRB- it would be nice if it was a little bigger -RRB- , but it holds quite a bit . My father installed it for me and he said it was a piece of cake . I 'll be buying at least one more in the near future .
 This product is reasonably priced , fairly easy to install , and will help you organize a typically disorganized space ... Your garage ! I bought and installed four of them and have no regrets .
 This item is great . It is sooooo easy to install . We bought 2 of these and installed them in about 45 minutes . Plenty of storage room for items that you do n't need often . We store Christmas decorations and camping gear .
 This product seems like a good value . It does provide a nice amount of storage space in a previously unusable area of my home
 Great product . Looks good and it 's sturdy . Keeps all that junk you never use , but ca n't toss out , up and out of your way . I have installed 2 so far , and will be buying more . I 'm reasonably handy , and while installation would have been easier with two people , I managed it by myself pretty easily . I had mine filled up before I got the packaging cleaned up ! And I bought some cheap oversized `` S '' hooks off Amazon and have other things hanging from underneath . I would suggest the HyLoft branded heavy duty hooks for hanging anything really heavy like a ladder because they hook in more securely . One note , the directions recommend not having more than two of the shelving units installed on the same joists to avoid overloading .
 Easy to install , I would recommend buying a drill with a driver bit to put screws into overhead trusses -- will save you a lot of pain and aggravation .
 The size and shape is very good and holds weights very well . Also it fits very well with the Garage cabinets . The Handy man that put it also liked this a lot.Only thing I should have done was , added slightly bigger size as well.In addition to this , the accessories that can be bought for this , also make it handy .
 There 's a little bit of sway in the installed product , as that the drop supports are only 8th inch steel flat bars ... but then again ... they 're not designed for playing on ... they 're designed to put your stuff up out of the way.All the hardware for installation is included . The instructions were good with easy to understand diagrams . The boxes survived UPS with all the hardware still in the box , although some of the nuts and bolts were bouncing around in the box.I found these racks rather easy to install -LRB- I got 4 of them -RRB- with a power drill to drill the pilot hole for the lag bolt that goes into the ceiling stud , and a socket set to screw in the lag bolt and tighten all the nuts and bolts . That 's the way I started , anyway . Truth be told ... ratcheting the lag bolts into a stud above my head was a pain , and because there were 15 more to screw in across the garage , I pulled out the air compressor and an impact wrench to drive the remaining 15 lags into the studs above . That cut install time in half.Otherwise , they look great , and do indeed hold at least 250 lbs . I hung my body weight on each one of them . ; - -RRB-
 Just moved into new home . Not enough space for wall units . Purchased four HyLoft 45 `` x45 '' units . Easy to install and more space than I thought I would have . Was able to remove everything off the garage floor . Would recommend to anyone needing additional storage with tall enough ceiling .
 I 'm happy with this purchase as I am able to use space on the ceiling for extra storage , however , I wish it was a bit wider . The install was easy , I installed the shelves over the garage door area , I had to raise the arms to clear the garage door when opening , with 2 inch clearance . I lost some important storage space there , but I am happy with the location.I will eventually order another kit for the other side of the garage , but I am still monitoring the stability of the one I already installed , so far so good .
 This was very easy to put up . It took me a little time only because my garage is finished and I had difficulty finding the studs , but once I did , I put it up in less than an hour . It seems very sturdy and I am happy with it . It did exactly what I was hoping by allowing me to put up some Christmas decorations and clear up some garage floor space . As I need to store more stuff , I will definitely buy another one of these racks .
 This is the first of three sets -LRB- 3 different designs -RRB- of Hyloft Overhead Shelving that I have ordered from Amazon . It was received with all the parts and both shelves are now installed and is now holding stuff that formerly sat on the garage floor . It took a few afternoon hours to install the two . They are slightly larger than the other two sets I ordered later which are 42 '' x 42 '' and have flat steel strips for the verticals vs. tubing supports for the other shelves.The chrome tubing version took three deliveries before all the parts came through since 3 out of four shipping boxes broke open on the ends due to failed glue and the ceiling brackets were missing -LRB- one the first time and all 4 brackets in the replacement shipment -RRB- . Even though they arrived with plastic shipping straps across the short dimensions , there were no straps lengthwise . Amazon replaced the orders that had missing brackets and sent shipping labels to cover the returns.The third set of two shelves I ordered is also the tubing version but has white finish . They arrived OK today first time with no open box ends.Except for the missing parts issue with the chrome tubing version that Amazon handled well , the shelves appear to be good value and I am satisfied with them pending installation of the 4 remaining tubing versions .
 This is an extremely versatile and easy to install storage shelf . I would recommend a two-person install or you 'll be going up and down your ladder several times . It can be installed in about an hour by yourself though . Make sure you have a stud finder on hand before you begin . This is the best way I 've found to get Christmas and other holiday boxes off the floor creating much needed space . A MUST HAVE for any garage !!!
 As most others have said here , this product provides a lot of overhead storage space in an area which otherwise might have gone to waste . Instructions could have been slightly clearer , but box packaging and installation hardware -LRB- screws , etc. -RRB- were laid out perfectly . While the vertical support pieces may seem too `` bendy '' , they more than adequately support the intended weight . Plus , the fact that they do allow for some `` give '' side to side makes this a very forgiving kit to install . I was off by quite a bit in my 2nd install -LRB- bought 2 of these -RRB- ; thinking how good I did the first , I rushed the second . Did n't drill the holes for the mounting plates quite parallel to each other -LRB- actually more than an inch off , which is a lot -RRB- , but this thing still went up fine and is n't worse for the experience . Ca n't speak for others out there , but this met my needs just fine and the 250 lb . weight limit is more than enough for me .
 I bought four of these , expecting to need only two , maybe three . Soon enough , all four were hanging from my garage ceiling , and I found myself wishing for at least two more.They were each $ 40 shipped , took a bit under an hour to install with basic tools , handle at least the rated 250 # weight , and are easily modified for non-standard installations.More than worth the money , they were a great purchase .
 I initially purchased 4 Hyloft 45-by-45 Overhead Storage Systems and had them installed . What a difference it has made in my garage ! I recently moved into a new house and the subdivision is part of a homeowners association . I looked into purchasing a storage building but found out that not only are they expensive , they had to be approved by a committee as to both the size and the placement of where I wanted it . After doing research , I decided to purchase Hyloft storage and it was one of the best choices I could have made.I have been able to store all my Christmas storage tubs off the ground , suitcases , Christmas tree , and things I have been collecting for when my son moves into his own apartment , creating much more space in my garage.I was notified by email that amazon.com had them on sell again for half off with free shipping and ordered 3 more ! If you are looking for a low cost alternative for storage organization I would highly recommend the Hyloft Overhead Storage System !!!
 Love these , love these , love these ! We bought two , will probably buy two more ! These were easy enough for my husband to set up by himself in the garage and they hold a ton of stuff . It 's so nice to have stuff off of the floor so we have room for vehicles in the garage . They have adjustable height , so you can decide how high or low you want them to be .
 I purchased two of these racks to utilize space over my garage door.The hardest part of the whole installation ordeal was locating the joists in the finished ceiling of the garage . And it 's ALL about locating the joists.Once you 've located the joists , the rest of the install takes maybe 30 more minutes per rack.Very nice . We 're really pleased with the functionality.The ONLY shortcoming is that there is no lateral bracing . This means you should n't take your crates and shove them across when you put them in the rack , you need to lift them onto place , otherwise the whole thing tends to `` wiggle . '' I am considering the purchase of some thick metal strapping from Home Depot -LRB- or similiar place -RRB- to use to provide extra bracing.The instructions were good , I recommend reading them through twice so that you 're not reading them on the ladder ... Enjoy !
 The Hyloft System is very simple , yet efficient . I put mine in the space above the garage door when open , and it works great . Putting it there limits the height by only 18 inches , so if more is needed , I suggest you place it along another wall . However , you are limited to 350 lbs per unit , so maybe 18 inches is enough . My only complaint is that if your rafters are like mine , spaced 18 inches apart , you must use those rafters to hold the full 45 inches of storage , allowing overlap both in front and back of the down-hangers . But it does not affect the look or functionality , I just wished they had a system to go from rafter to rafter allowing one to hang the Hyloft in spaces between rafters . Overall , I am very satisfied . And looking in Home Depot , I bought mine at Amazon with free shipping at $ 2.50 per unit less without paying taxes .
 I bought two of these and installed them in two separate garages . They were both easy to install and the design allows for some flexibility in terms of where to mount the hanging supports into your ceiling joist . The hardest part was locating the studs and getting the proper spacing between the hanging supports . It can be done by one person but it 's just easier to have a second set of hands when locating the joist for all the support hangers . The kit asks that you use one of the support bars to help you position the hangers into the joist , good idea . It 's a little difficult to hold 45 '' bar perfectly aligned with the the joist and mark the ceiling at both ends . They reccomend nailing the hanger to position it , I found it easier just to mark it with a pencil and then drill the pilot holes with the hanger in position relative to the pencil mark . I spaced my support bars about 43 '' apart , they suggest somewhere between 24 '' and 36 '' , I found my location to be adequate and did n't seem less strong at all.Great product , I would buy it again and does n't take long to install -LRB- even easier the second time around , naturally -RRB- .
 It was easy to install with very good instructions . It looks very good and the height is easily adjustable . I loaded it with well over 200 pounds book boxes and so far it holds very well -LRB- on only 4 screws ... frightening ... -RRB- but it swings easily when items are added or removed .
 I purchased two of these to help add some storage space to my garage . They were super easy to hang . I did both in about an hour and a half . That was total time , from getting the tools out , ladder , etc.They seem sturdy enough , as they 're rated to 250lbs . A nice feature is that there is a template on the back of the box that allows you to mark your holes on where to drill .
 These wereexactly what I needed and were simple to install and have worked very well without any problems at all .
 Yep , works as described . Do n't be afraid if the 4 metal straps attached to your ceiling are a bit off -LRB- meaning not 100 % vertical -RRB- when you install them because my studs are a bit off , it still does its job ! I bought four of these puppies for my garage and can not imagine life without these 4 storage racks . You will gain a ton of room like I did ! I actually use my garage for 2 cars instead of miles of trackless storage junk and appreciate knowing my cars are SAFELY tucked away in my house !!
 I bought two of these for my garage and they have been excellent space savers . I got to make use of some dead space . I 'd definitely recommend this . .
 Great for keeping things up off the floor and out of the way ! Keeps your stuff safe from Flood waters !
 Needed out of the way storage . So the over the Garage Door storage was just what we needed . Out of the way !
 This unit was very easy to install without the assistance of a second person . Finding a stud was the most difficult part but once that is done it 's a snap . The hint they provided to put a little liquid soap on the bolts before screwing them in really reduced the effort . These are n't really what I 'd call heavy duty so I 'd recommend staying within their guidelines for weight limitations -LRB- 250 lbs . -RRB- . I bought two units and one was missing a bolt . They do include some extra parts but unfortunately this was n't one of them . It 's great to have a little more garage clutter off the floor .
 Rack arrived on time . No dings in packaging . All parts were present with extra nuts and bolts , which came in handy later.All metal parts of the Rack were electro-painted with no drips or smears . The only hard part of the installation was locating the rafters in a finished garage -LRB- why ca n't someone make a center stud finder that is 100 % accurate -RRB- . Once found , instructions were followed on installing the lag bolts . Hanging the rack was a piece of cake . In my high ceiling garage , when hung at max length , I could stand under the rack.The supports come partially assembled . Make sure the nuts are screwed on so as not to fall off . I lost a bolt and nut that way . There were replacements in the spare parts.The only problem I found is the wire shelf corner bolts are too long and stick out just enough to rip your scalp if you walk under them . A soft plastic bolt cover would be nice.Love it , looks very neat and clean . Now that I know how much space it takes I am going to order more racks .
 Very well made and easy to install with some help . Highly recommended . Takes all the clutter off your garage floor .
 We have a small house , so storage space is hard to come by . These are a great solution to our problem by allowing us to store lots of big items out of the way . They 're ideal for seasonal items that we do n't need to access frequently . Otherwise it would be a bit of a hassle to get out the stepladder every time we need something . They were pretty easy to install and seem nice and solid .
 I love the HyLoft . This is my third one . It holds a ton of storage and is easy to put up.I live alone and it does require a second person for the last bit of placement , but the second person is only need for about three minutes .
 I just purchased & installed 4 of these on the garage door side of my finished garage . Now I have a lot of room to get my boxes of unused crap out of the basement and into the the far corner of the garage ! :-RRB- So I feel great ... now . Installing was n't as easy as some of these reviews will have you believe . It all depends on your garage.The most difficult part of installing the storage system is determining exactly where the studs are . Mine were `` roughly '' 24 '' apart . At least for the left side of my garage . Anyone ever use a level on a ceiling ? Either I 'm missing something simple , or it 's darn near impossible . Instead , I used a square to measure from the wall for the first install , and then used a combination of aCH Hanson 03040 Stud 4 Sure Magnetic Stud Finderand a tape measure to ensure the brackets would be installed in a straight line.Once you get the brackets up , and they line up properly , the rest is -LRB- should be -RRB- easy . That is , unless your garage is like mine.I share 1 wall with another townhome on the right side . Apparently the builders either got lazy or very creative on that side . The studs are not all in a straight line . They seem to form a rectangle of some sort . Also , the near wall is n't level , nor is the ceiling . So ... that was fun . In the end , 2 of the support bars had to be installed in an angle , forming a trapezoid . At that point , one of the bars was just a bit too short , so I had to extend a hole at the end -LRB- yes , I used a very usefulDremel 8000-03 10.8-Volt Lithium Ion Cordless Rotary Toolto cut some steel -RRB- in order to get the last screw in place.So it took me a lot longer than others . But the end result was still worth it . However , if I had to do it all over again , I would have checked the studs on both sides of the garage first !
 Great product . Super easy to install once you get the pilot nails in . My only issue was the supports are supposed to be spaced only so far apart and I had to go over the max to work with my joists ... still holding a ton if stuff but definitely a reduced max capacity as a result .
 Love these shelves . Installed 3 sets that I purchased locally at Home Depot and have n't looked back yet . They 're very sturdy and good looking to boot . I would n't hesitate to buy these again or to recommend them to anyone .
 These are well-designed and went up fairly quickly once I marked off the joists on a drywalled ceiling . Having wire grid shelving in the garage cuts down on the `` stuff '' and dirt that accumulates on solid shelving . I have three of these installed above my garage doors at the full 28 '' height and they work just fine . Only slight issue I had is that the brackets are designed to go on the joists one direction only , so the support bars need to run in-line with the joists . For me , this meant the logical `` point of entry '' for my storage items would be partially blocked by the support bars . A bit of planning on placement and this was a non-issue in the end .
 easy to install and has plenty of storeage space for our Holiday decorations . I am considering purchasing a second one .
 Fairly easy to install . I install 3 units . The first took the longest then I flew threw the next two . They are hidden behind the garage door when it is open and has helped me get my car back in the gargage . Now I an thinking about more .
 Very easy to install . Well built for the price !!! gives me tons more space in garage ... Hyloft is the way to go !!!!
 Simple to install but takes a little handy man knowledge to insure you line up on studs if your garage or ceiling is painted . Mine was n't so it was easy to follow the stud locations , and install.Nice system so far so good , no complaints here .
 Just picked up four of these from Lowes , $ -LSB- ... -RSB- each . Decent product . Fairly easy to install . Once you have the ceiling brackets screwed in the rest is easy . Only takes one person , though two would be great . Keeps you from running up and down the ladder . I used mine for ceiling storage above my garage door . Once you see them in the box you will understand why paying more than $ 30 - $ 40 bucks is to much .
 Assembly takes awhile , but once you get it up and installed it is a great storage system .
 Even though I hired a carpenter to put up two of these overhead storage racks , anyone who can find the studs in the garage should be able to do so successfully . My garage is a standard 8 ' high . Even at fully extended length , the racks fit perfectly over my sedan and keep boxes out of the way .
 We now have eight of these Hyloft units in our garage/basement . We started with only two and keep adding them . They are so nice looking and keep everything up off the floor and so organized . I have things stored on them according to category , ie ; electrical & plumbing parts , car parts , camping gear and ice chests yard supplies . I use a lot of the plastic storage buckets for small pieces and label them so I can read them from below . Only draw back that I have encountered is that I have to get the ladder out and climb up to get things down . Not a big deal when you consider that I have room in the garage now for the ladders to hang on the wall not to mention room for the cars ! They hold a lot of weight too !
 UPDATE
 I bought 3 of them . I first bought 8ft 2x4 's -LRB- and painted them white -RRB- and some heavy duty screw bolts and washers and mounted the 2x4 's to the ceiling on my garage so I could position these perfectly and it worked out perfectly . it took me about 2 hours to mount the 2x4 's and the storage racks by myself -LRB- not that easy -RRB- . My garage is now clutter free and I , and my wife , love that . Wish I had more stuff just so i could put it up in the racks : -RRB-
 Easy to install by one person , well constructed . Only thing to know is you can not put more than two racks on any one rafter . But if you line them up the other direction , no problems . Would recommend this product and will probably be buying more
 once you locate the ceiling framing the installation is a whiz . easy to adjust for all ceiling types
 I bought 2 of these years ago to try and increase my garage storage . Unfortunately I did n't account for my garage door clearance and could n't use them . So they got tucked away in a corner in the garage for 4 years until I moved . had space in my new garage and put them up . Very clear directions , and easy install . They hold a great deal of stuff . I am very happy with the product ! Just be sure and check your intended install location before you buy , to ensure it fits !
 It takes a while to install the first one but after that you can do each additional shelf in 15 minutes . Only 4 holes to drill in your ceiling joists and I found that hanging an adjacent shelf only required 2 holes because you can use the `` middle '' bracket for 2 shelves . I got a couple ladder hangers too and I can still walk beneath the entire structure . Great use of what was otherwise wasted space .
 My husband ordered about 6 of these because he loves them so much ! They work great to get everything up off your garage floor . They are VERY sturdy . They hold A LOT of stuff ! These took a little while longer to ship , maybe because they are heavy . But definitely worth the wait ! Our garage looks so neat and clean now ! Now we can buy more stuff !
 I have put up two of these systems . They are pretty easy to put up , and hold a lot of things that can cause clutter .
 I bought new house and liked thsse so much the last time I bought them that I bought them again.I bought two of them this time . The first one took me about two hours to put up -LRB- yes I was goofing around while doing it -RRB- and the second one took me about 40 minutes . As you are putting them up they seem like they will not be sturdy , but when you are done , they are pretty solid . I love the way it lets me get the storage off of the floor and out of the way . I believe that a garage is a place to park your car , and these help reclaim that space . Highly recommended , get them on sale and try to not pay shipping . But your arms will be tired from working overhead !
 I was n't sure how this was going to be able to hold up to 250 lbs but after installing it , it 's as strong as any steel shelving you would put in your garage . It is a very good kit and easy to install . The instructions say it only takes 1/2 hour for installation but with a raised ceiling -LRB- Not popcorn but a stamped image -RRB- it made the installation time about 1.5 hrs because finding the ceiling joists took forever . Once the base supports were in , the remainder was a snap . The instructions were easy to follow and clear . Only complaint was the pictures were a bit small so you have to go to the company website to look at installed examples to see the direction of the bases and bars.If you have boxes you are constantly stepping over in your garage all the time , this is the storage option for you !
 After reading many other reviews and noting the advice shared by many installers -LRB- thanks ! -RRB- my husband was able to install 2 of these with no mishaps in about 3 hours . They work as advertised and freed up quite a bit of floor space in our garage .
 Having recently moved from a NY Home -LRB- with a shed and basement -RRB- to Texas -LRB- where basement is spelled G A R A G E -RRB- this system was n't just a nice thing to have it was a requirement . In fact I now own 4 systems . You may wish to check other reviews for additional instructions , but basically if you can find the studs these systems install rather quickly . BTW , I own one of those ladders that change into scaffolding . . that made the job tons easier , you might think of borrowing one if you do n't own one . The systems arrived through AMAZON quickly and the instructions were easy to follow . MUST HAVE A STUD FINDER . The job would have been nearly impossible without one . They are worth every penny . I 've got my basement \ garage back and am enjoying the great country \ state of Texas !!
 I have bought and installed both this product and the Racor Pro HeavyLift . This one fits above my garage door lift rails -LRB- high ceiling -RRB- where I ca n't use the HeavyLift , which I use where there 's room to raise and lower it . HyLoft instructions are clearer , components are sorted and of better quality , but I still have to climb ladder holding heavy stuff to get it on the HyLoft -LRB- not so with HeavyLift -RRB- .
 Waited for a friend who can read directions to help me install these , and it went smoothly and quickly . I agree that finding the studs was the hardest part , and we ended up installing one system facing one direction , and another system facing the other way , since our ceiling studs changed direction halfway across the garage ceiling -LRB- never noticed that until we put these up ! -RRB- . Even so , these give you the flexibility to screw up the installation and still remain secure and sturdy.Could not fit these over our garage door , not enough clearance , so we put them along the wall , towards the back of the garage . Still great for getting junk off the floor thats infrequently used , like holiday decorations and mementos.Directions were easy enough to follow when your helper is an engineer , but I think I could install another one on my own having helped do these two . Can be done by 1 person , but it will be a lot of up-and-down the ladder getting all the different parts . All in all , a great product for the chronic pack rat without a basement !
 This product works as advertised . The installation instructions are pretty vague . After installation , I was able to clear up a lot of floor space , -LRB- 2 Golf bags with clubs , boxes of window tint , and boxes of pictures in frames -RRB- . I will buy this product again .
 Good points : * Easy to assemble * Reallocates previously unused storage and frees existing wall storage capability * Does exactly what it advertises to doBad point * Apparently , I have a low garage ceiling and support bars can not be shortened enough -LRB- without physical alteration -RRB- to suspend above opened garage door
 This unit was very easy to install , and once it was up in our garage it felt great to load it up with our bins and boxes ! We are still watching the screws that are in the studs because it was hard to estimate what 250lbs was . So far so good ! We would easily buy another one if we needed it .
 Have several units in garage . Helps to store items and minmize clutter on the ground and in cabinets for larger items .
 I have installed 4 of the Hyloft 45in by myself and have had no problems . Just make sure to measure twice . : o -RRB- I will be purchasing 4 more to complete my overhead storage system when they go on sale again and it sure makes the clutter in the garage go away . I have been very pleased and having openings on all 4 sides sure makes accessibility very easy . Hope you enjoy yours , my family really likes them too .
 I 've purchased 2 of these and both were easy to install by myself . I use them to store plastic bins of seasonal outdoor stuff . It 's nice to keep them out of the way and also close to where we will be using them . Good alternative to storing in the attic or basement . Would purchase again if I ever need more storage .
 I was so excited that I found a product that would help create room in my garage . I purchased 5 of these units and called over a buddy to help me install them . First thing we noticed is that only ONE of the boxes had instructions in it . After reading the instructions , it was not clear that you need to measure 45 '' in one direction to make sure there is enough room to install the unit . It just states you need between 28-36 inches.Next trying to install the units finding the studs was challenging but able to be accomplished . After installing all 5 of the units , they looked great . Not to mention , they can hold 250 pounds without a problem.In short , if you can figure out how to put these things up properly they are a good buy and will definitely save you space in your garage .
 I purchased two of these systems and had them installed above my garage doors . I could not have installed them myself , but truly appreciate the price I paid at Amazon and the sturdiness of the product . All My Christams items now have a place to be stored , freeing up important closet space . I am happy with the investment .
 We installed this last weekend . It took about an hour , not difficult at all . It works great and has really helped to organize our garage .
 This company has an excellent product . The shelves are made of high grade steel and are solid . The packaging of the hardware is well labelled , and the quality control is excellent . This company even includes extra screws and bolt for those pesky run aways that might fall out of your hand while up on the ladder . The end product is handsome , strong , and holds a great deal of stuff . The company even offers a an excellent tutorial video on line which shows the installation in a step by step manner .
 I bought 5 of these for the rear of my garage . At first I was puzzled by the setup -LRB- the `` duh you can figure this out , come on guy '' setup -RRB- , but once the first one went up no trouble after that . Aligning all 5 was a challenge , but looked great in the end . Pros
 The Hyloft Overhead Storage System is ` out of this world ' according to my wife . We ordered two units and along with our two Mica/Charcoal Four-Shelf , Double-Door , Heavy-Duty Storage Cabinet -LRB- RHP7083 -RRB- units they have made a significant improvement in the organization of the ` my workshop/our garage ' space that we share . We no longer have to jockey items in , out , over or around in order to use them . I easily put the units up and my wife just as easily filled them up . As I stated before , we share ! Although we both agree we should have bought these sooner , we can now honestly say , things are looking up ! Pun intended ! ~ The Boss
 I installed this in a small garage with little storage over my car and it is fantastic ! I installed two side by side and am able to store alot of stuff ... . my only thing is remembering to protect my trunk when opening it from hitting the HyLoft but that 's my problem !
 Installing this product was relatively easy . The hardest part was getting the screws in the wood , so I used my air ratchet with a socket . Drill with 7/16 nut driver would have worked just as good . Instructions were good . I would recommend this to any one that needs to free up some space in their garage .
 Very sturdy holds a lot of stuff for storage and I love how adjustable everything is . No matter where you need to place this item with as much adjusting you can do it should fit almost anywhere . The install process is very easy and the company definitely backs up their product . I had an issue and needed new screws -LRB- probably my fault -RRB- but instead of going to home depot and getting new screws I decided to contact the manufacture first . I sent the e-mail on a Sunday morning and had a response from them within a couple hours . The customer service agent seemed to have genuine concern in my problem and when above and beyond to take care of me . All I was really looking for from them was some replacement screws but instead they insisted on sending me out a brand new product with an extra set of screws so not only will I have a brand new item I could still use the one I previously bought . Top notch product , top notch manufacture that believes in their product , and top notch customer service !!! I definitely recommend this product along with some of their add on items as long as there is room for them where you plan to install these .
 This is an excellent product and was quite simple to install . I have one recommendation though that can potentially save you a lot of time . Prior to drilling the holes for the lag bolts , ensure that you locate ALL of the joints you will use and mark them appropriately . Do n't just assume that if the joint is X inches from the wall , then that about 45 inches down the wall the joint will also be X inches away for the other lag bolt location . It was n't the case for me in one spot of the garage -LRB- I bought 3 of these sets -RRB- , and it was really frustrating . One more thing , the heads of two `` pilot '' nails broke on me while trying to hammer them in straight -LRB- after the nail getting bent up on me from not hitting it straight up ... I 'm no expert -RRB- . You are n't provided extra nails , so I recommend drilling a pretty small pilot hole for the nail to help out with this . That 's all I have to share . I hope this helps you . It was a real good deal to buy this product . Would definitely buy again for my next home .
 In short , the product delivered to its description.Installation was n't too bad - instructions were clear , and I was able to get the unit up by myself without too much trouble.The storage that it 's provided has been just what we needed . After a month or so of being fully loaded , the rack remains square and solid .
 I have had one of these for months now and plan to buy another . This is a very good way to increase storage space in your attic . The unit is well made and versatile . I only wish I had a bigger garage and that my garage ceilings were higher so that I could have more room ! 5 stars for a good implementation of a useful device .
 This product seems to work well once installed , and installation should be easy for most -LRB- my situation was a bit harder due to the height of my garage ceiling and my desire to have it hang a little lower from the ceiling -RRB- . I have n't fully tested the weight capacity , but I 'm sure it will hold up.However , the pictures suggest that you can install them in an `` L '' pattern in a corner . That seems all but impossible , because the ceiling joists only run one way , and a row of them along a wall would need to be installed along a wall that is perpindicular to the joists . This makes sense once you do one , but it is not obvious when you are considering the purchase . I suppose you could create that configuration by jerry-rigging it somehow , perhaps by screwing 2x4s to your ceiling that are perpindicular to the joists , but that would be a bit much to deal with .
 I am very impressed with this storage system . It is easy to assemble -LRB- with all parts included -RRB- and able to provide allot of additional storage space in an unused portion of the garage . Able to do pull-ups on before loading with storage items . 4 stars as I ca n't compare to any other comparable items .
 I was shopping for a garage ceiling storage system and , based upon the Amazon reviews , I settled on this one . I 've been very happy . Not only was the HyLoft Overhead Storage System less expensive than others -LRB- and Amazon easily had the best price -RRB- , I 've found it to be very forgiving and very well designed.The foundation of the HyLoft system are a pair of rigid trapeze like structures which hang down from the ceiling . They can be spaced any number of distances apart -- wherever your ceiling joists -LRB- beams -RRB- are -- which is very convenient . -LRB- With other systems , by contrast , the distances between the supports are fixed -RRB- . What 's also great about the HyLoft system is that it goes up in very small pieces . First the ceiling brackets , then the arms and cross-braces , and finally the three-piece grate which makes up the base . It 's easily a one-man job , so no one needs to hang around to help hold the unit up against the ceiling for you.Lastly , it 's also not absolutely critical that everything be placed in exactly the right place . If you 're off by a little here or you 're a little crooked there , everything is still going to work out fine.The most difficult part of the entire process is finding the edges of the joist , but this has been made easier too . Just get one of the newer stud finders from Zircon . Mine blinks and throws out a line of light when it reaches the EDGE of the joist . I use blue masking tape -LRB- rather than pencil -RRB- to keep my ceiling clean . Having both edges marked allowed me to hammer and drill with confidence . -LRB- I did n't make a single bad hole once ! -RRB- Each 45 '' x 45 '' unit is precisely sized to fit those 15 gallon red-topped plastic storage boxes one gets at Home Depot . Each HyLoft rack will hold a DOZEN boxes each ! I had originally ordered the 4 ft. by 4 ft. HyLoft racks , but Amazon sent me the 45 '' x 45 '' version instead . But since each unit still held twelve storage boxes , I was just as happy ! And the slightly smaller size gave me more room around the sides - which made loading boxes into it that much easier.I have a three-car garage with roll-up doors -LRB- one is a double -RRB- , and I was able to put up five racks -LRB- fully extended to 27 '' -RRB- in the area behind the garage door motors . That 's 5 x 12 boxes or 60 boxes total storage ! I was also able to mount two more racks towards the front - above where the doors roll up into - on the double-sized door . Since these were limited to 16 '' inches in depth , I was only able to hold another six boxes on each -LRB- twelve all together for both -RRB- , for a total of 72 boxes of storage -LRB- or the rough equivalent when one takes into account the odd-size pieces of luggage , picnic coolers , tool boxes , and the like -RRB- . This left my floor totally clear - for bicycles and my lawnmower -- which I had a hard time getting to earlier ! -LRB- Needless to say , my garage was an absolute mess before I got the HyLofts ! -RRB- Since the HyLoft units are limited to about 250 pounds each , I put the heavier items in the front racks which could only hold a single layer of boxes.My wife was exceptionally pleased - but mainly because she was confident that we had rats living in and amongst all of the boxes . -LRB- We did n't , but I did n't mind that she thought that - since it kept her out of the garage , and my little domain ! `` Hey honey , was that a rat ? '' -RRB- Now she 's talking about putting a billiards table or a ping pong table in the garage , so I guess making the change was definitely for the better.The HyLoft Overhead Storage System is one that I would wholeheartedly recommend !
 Truly awesome , and awe inspiring . I have two of these in my garage now , and I think I will eventually fill up most of my ceiling space with these HyLoft systems . They are a cinch to install , the hardest part for me was to find the studs in the ceiling to hang from . -LRB- Hint
 This is a very sturdy product . It is sized such that 4 of these fit over a 16 ' wide garage door , allowing for the door opener track to go between the middle two . The challenging part of the install is getting the brackets installed into the studs . Stud sensors do n't work really well when there are 2 sheets of drywall on the garage ceiling . Fortunately , the lag screws they provide are 21/2 '' or 3 '' long , so they are plenty long enough.Here are 2 tips I learned the hard way :1 -RRB- If you install these as close to the front of your garage as possible you will increase the risk of the garage door hitting the shelves , requiring you to raise the shelves and decrease the max storage height . This is because the door is making the turn from vertical to horizontal right near the front of the garage and the leading edge of each door panel reaches its highest point as it is making the turn . This caused me to need to move the shelves up one hole -LRB- about 2 '' -RRB- . In hindsight , I should have moved the shelves one more stud away from the front of the garage and I would have avoided this conflict , while still keeping all my stuff over the garage door -LRB- when the door is raised -RRB- .2 -RRB- When installing the actual shelves , make sure that the long bars of each shelf are on top , and the shorter bars are on the bottom . This will make sliding items on/off the shelves easier.I wish these were mentioned in the instructions . Since most of my items still fit on the shelves over the garage door , I do n't think I am going to take these back down and reinstall them just to get the extra 2 '' back . However , I have 2 big plastic storage totes which do n't fit now but could if I get the 2 '' back .
 The other reviews for this overhead storage system cover pretty much everything . This design -LRB- white racks pictured -RRB- , is also the same that Lowes carries -LRB- grey and white -RRB- . Sams club has a 2-pack of the same unit and design in chrome for about 100 dollars , saving you some money . But just recently I found these at Costco , but redesigned . Instead of flat metal strapping for the legs of the unit , they switched to a metal tube design . U-shaped and rigid makes the units very stable now , and easier to install . those were the two biggest problems I had with these orignal ones , 1 -RRB- they sway too much when taking stuff up or down , and 2 -RRB- they make for a very sloppy and uneven install since the legs and brackets are not rigid solid pieces . They are only available at Costco now , and only in chrome . The size is about the same , just short of 4 feet square . The price was 39.99 too , lower than these older designed ones . I highly recommend the newly designed units if you can find them at your local Costco , in the shelving isle . Now I can put stuff up and take it down without the swinging and swaying . It definetely feels more solid , like I could hang from the unit like monkey bars .
 I have 16 '' - on-center ceiling joists in my garage , so these did n't fit exactly -LRB- 16 '' does n't divide into ~ 45 '' evenly -RRB- . I ended up having to hang them sideways which gave me narrow-end access into the storage . After putting 4 of them up this way , I realized how difficult it would be to get in and out of some of the units . I ended up taking them down and re-engineered everything.I put up two 16-foot 2x4 studs perpendicular to the ceiling joists and used 7 '' lag bolts into the existing -LRB- sub-drywall -RRB- ceiling studs . This way , the Hyloft storage could run across a single pair of 2x4s for anchoring , yet still have the weight distributed across the ceiling joists . This was MUCH extra work , but was due to strictly following the rules the first time , without realizing how they would look once installed . Installing one of them on the ground is probably a good idea before putting up more than a few , and DEFINTELY measure . Lots.You 're going to need to know which way the ceiling joists run . If you want the shelving to run perpendicular to the ceiling joists , then you should probably add a secondary anchor point below the existing ceiling to distribute the weight . If you run them parallel , be careful not to anchor more than -LRB- I 'd say -RRB- 2 onto any single/pair of ceiling joists . MAKE SURE YOU ARE CENTERED INTO ALL JOISTS !! Notwithstanding my installation debacle above , they are very easy to install , and can be done pretty much by one person alone , though if you have a tall garage -LRB- mine is > 13 ' high -RRB- , you 'll quickly get tired of going up and down the ladder .
 I am a 54-year-old grandmother . I installed the Hyloft by myself in less than 3 hours . I read & reread all instructions & set everything out . I did all ceiling measurements & then installed one bracket with its hanging straps at a time , doing the 2 brackets that were on the same stud first . I can highly recommend this product .
 I 've installed six of these Hyloft overhead shelves already and I think they 're great . They gave me a lot of storage space in areas of my garage which would have never been used anyway.Here are some installation tips that I picked up along the way.Key items to have before starting : - good stud finder - corded or powerful cordless drill -LRB- my old 9.6 V cordless drill was too weak -RRB- - 7/16 '' Nutsetter -LRB- so that you can use your drill for the large lag screws -RRB- - small 7/64 '' drill bit and 4 wood screws -LRB- instead of sinker nails -RRB- Installation tips : - use a good stud finder to find the joists . Then plan which joists should be used and how far away from the garage wall to place the shelves . I put some 1.5 ' away from the wall so that I could access both sides of the shelves . I put some others about 0.5 ' from the wall so that I could use the extra space as `` overflow '' for large boxes and also so that I could clean behind the shelves . - Important
 This is a great storage system . Although I have never been able to line them up like the picture they show , mainly due to studs being placed further apart then what is necessary . Also I would not want to since the struts would get in the way of loading and unloading . I have installed so many of these I have gotten pretty fast but not in 30 minutes like another posted suggested . Maybe I am too much a perfectionist but it takes me about 2 hours per loft . The hardest part is finding the studs , the studfinder is not always accurate and getting the screws centered on the stud can be a challenge . I tap nails into the drywall and if I hit wood the nail sticks , you can drill also which is much quieter and faster but its harder to be sure you have hit the stud until you tap a nail into what you think is wood . Once all the brackets are all installed it is a breeze . I make sure everything is tight and the drilled holes are filled with puddy and painted . I then do the hang , I weigh about 210 lbs and I hang with all my weight on the loft to make sure it holds , they always have , just grab the reinforced bars not the smaller mesh . I am half way thru installing in my new 2 car garage , when finished I will have 9 45x45 Hylofts and 4 Hyloft Jr 's -LRB- Wow thats like $ 700 , but totally worth it -RRB- . I will not have to even touch the attic . Pretty amazing since normally this space is totally wasted in most garages . Much easier , faster , and stronger than building your own storage . 2 Thumbs way up .
 A very good product with well written instructions . Apparently 1-800 telephone help is available , but not used . Only suggestion
 I purchased 3 systems last fall and was very pleased with the product . The price was reasonable for the system after researching similar products elsewhere . Very easy to install no matter which way your trusses go . I went further with the system by installing it close to the wall and adding a 2x4 just to make it more sturdy . I do have one installed away from the wall and it works well but you can get more stability by anchoring it to a 2x4 on the wall . About a month ago I purchased 2 more systems and my garage storage looks great . I even pleased my wife with the results . I recommend this product and will definetly purchase more down the line .
 This order was delivered FREE and arrived THE NEXT DAY ! Way to go Amazon.com !!! Good product and price , easy to install for someone who knows how to use a ruler and a stud finder . I highly recommend a good stud finder for this installation .
 I find hayloft to be one of the handiest . It doesnt really take any space . I mounted them in my garage and I drivr my car right under them.thanks jacke255@bellsouth.net
 This is an easy unit to install , even if you are doing it on your own . I know there are other women out there who are managing the household ... and everything else ... do n't worry ! The first one took me 3 hrs , the second went up within an hour . I was able to do it on my own without a problem . If you are installing a second unit on the same ceiling joist -LRB- up to two allowed -RRB- both units can share an `` L '' bracket , saving you time . I did n't realize this in time . The hardware comes in a nice , labeled packaged -LRB- not all thrown in one bag -RRB- . And , there is a baggie containing spare hardware ... comes in handy if you are a klutz like me and drop things from the top of the ladder . Also , this is a forgiving unit . You will be good to go even if you did n't install each `` arm '' perfectly square . The easy installation , forgiving nature and price make this the perfect solution . Do n't forget the safety glasses , you 'll need them . The horizontal racks come in three pieces . Makes it easy to handle and lift . I think I will also zip-tie the horizontal racks together . Good luck .
 We have a 3 car garage , but the 3rd stall was taken up partly by nice looking garage cabinets -LRB- that were very expensive , I might add -RRB- . When our youngest son started driving , we found ourselves with 4 cars , and the constant shuffling of cars in and out of the driveway became annoying.Since we did n't have an attic , we were left with few options . We decided to look at overhead storage , but the professionally installed solutions were outrageously expensive . I found the Hyloft and read the reviews , and we decided to give it at try.They work GREAT , and they 're much less expensive than cabinets or professionally installed overhead options.It did take my husband longer to install than he expected to install the first one -LRB- I believe they estimate 3 hours -RRB- , but he was much more efficient on the second unit.What 's especially nice is that you do n't really notice them at all . Our units are installed right over the garage door opening -LRB- over the garage door tracks , so there 's no chance things can get pushed off the back end of the unit.You do have to be careful about weight though , and it 's best to organize so that the items you need to put up and take down the most often are in the easiest location to reach .
 especially for the price . Easy to install and able to hold eactly what I need them to . Have 7 of them in my garage ...
 I recently purchased two of these on sale & I 'm thrilled with how sturdy they are and how much can be stored on them . I hung them in my garage & the difference getting several boxes off the ground and onto this unit made is incredible . I just ordered the hook accessories to continue my home storage overhaul so that I can hang step ladders , hoses , helmets , etc , underneath it . The actual installation is a bit tedious , but that 's only b/c you 're working over your head & you have to find joists through the ceiling . HyLoft did a great job engineering it & while it is tedious , it 's certainly straightforward . I will likely buy more sometime in the future !
 This is a great way to increase your storage space . Relatively easy to install . Holds quite a bit of stuff .
 The trusses in my garage are 24 &#34; so I had to put the racks so the arms would swing out to mount . This leaves a few inch gap between two racks , but it turned out to work ok .
 Do n't listen to the naysayers . I was remodeling my garage and needed some overhead storage . I could not justify paying for the monsterraxx , so I found these . I was hesitant about purchasing because of the negative reviews , yet took the chance and bought two . They are super easy to install . Took me only two hours for both racks . They hold plenty of weight . They may feel flimsy , but do n't fret they are pretty darn strong . I liked them so much that I ordered a third one .
 Was kind of a pain to install - but I got it up and holding many boxes . It was shipped with a different set of bolts , I read reviews of other customers having issues with them breaking . Would be easier with 2 people probably - but I am a DIY'er !
 I like this product a lot . It does take a while to install , at least for a novice like me . This is in part due to the poorly written installation instructions . I 'd suggest you plan on half a day or get a buddy to help you .
 I had no trouble installing this by myself in my garage ... it did take some time maybe 45 minutes as I found ratcheting in the lag bolts of the support brackets in the joists about my head in the Houston heat delightful.The joists/rafters are exposed in my garage so finding the studs was not too hard.The rest of the installation was easy enough - using the cross members to determine the centers for the brackets works well . You can quickly determine the depth you want or can use by adjusting how you connect the two hanging brackets with the bolts.The product literature indicates that the unit will hold 250 pounds , maybe -LRB- the lag bolts are certainly strong enough -RRB- , I figure to have about 100 pounds on mine currently and I will walk under it without concern.I gave it four stars as I thought it was a bit expensive . Well made though .
 For a low cealing they do n't get much better than the HyLoft 540 . I 've now installed two and , even for a non-fix-it guy like me , I found it a simple and easy job . It is very strong and I feel secure even with expensive vehicles parked below them . Bottom line , I highly recommend it .
 We now have 3 of these shelves . They are great . They install pretty easily and hold a lot . Ca n't wait to get our third one hung up and its too bad our garage only has ceiling space for 3 because i 'm SURE we would get more . We weighed our boxes to make sure we were n't going over the weight limit but we have n't appeared to have any problems and 2 have been up since July . Totally worth it !
 EZ 1 person installation ; very flexible & forgiving . Works great ; love the product . Bought 2 in Q1 ; buying 4 more Q2 .
 We bought this product since we only have a 2 car garage . It works great and frees up a lot of space in our garage . My husband said it was easy to install and we have actually purchased a 2nd one to install . It does what we need it to and is inexpensive compared to other products out there . If you are looking for a good storage system this is the one to get !
 Very easy to assemble and very sturdy . Almost every bit of our garage storage fit and it looks great too . I would recommend this product to anyone .
 Provides well needed storage space and was pretty easy to install , but I did have to do some customization for my task . It feels very solid .
 My husband wanted to put four of these hanging units in our garage for the extra space we needed for storage . There was already one in the garage so he and his brother had to move the first one to make room for the other three . Needless to say , it took them over 10 hours to put up the four units . If you want them to hang properly , then you must measure and mark the area where you want them to be placed . It is time consuming to put up four units , but when all is said and done , we have the much needed space in our garage . Be assured that to have them hang correctly you must have patience and of course the proper tools to not have any future issues . Amazon offers a very good price for these units and they arrived very quickly and without any issues . These units are very sturdy and give you extra hanging storage space that most of us need . Just be sure you have the time to put them up .
 I rarely review stuff , and this is just a ceiling storage rack , right ? So why bother ? Well , in this age of too often disappointing , cheap , flimsy , poorly documented , poorly packaged junk being sold , all in the name of low prices , these were a refreshing exception . High quality , well packaged , well documented , easy to follow instructions , and yes , you really can install it by yourself , -LRB- for me in about 44 minutes each , and I installed 4 -RRB- . They even look good from the ground when you 've installed them . Highly recommend .
 I 'll start out by saying that this product is meeting my needs perfectly . I moved into a new house recently that essentially had a blank slate as far as shelving , storage , etc. . In my previous home , I had built garage shelves . -LRB- I did n't want to go through that undertaking again . -RRB- My new garage has a 12 foot ceiling , so I immediately started looking for a storage system that would take advantage of that otherwise wasted ceiling space.I ordered 4 shelves initially . They arrived within 2 days and were shipped for free -LRB- Amazon Prime -RRB- . There were two fairly minor cons about these units , and they both dealt with the packaging . The outer packaging was solid . There is even a notice on the box stating that there is a template to help with the hanging measurements . My first con , and it could be something that I overlooked , was that there was no template any place on the box . -LRB- inside or out -RRB- No problem , because I used a thin fiberglass rod and marked the measurements , thus making my own template . -LRB- Worked great , definitely recommended . -RRB- The second con was that some of the hardware was rolling around free in the box . These nuts and bolts were originally attached to various places on the unit , supposedly making the installation quicker . -LRB- Box states that the shelves are `` 75 % assembled '' -RRB- This is a good idea in theory , but in practice many of the bolts worked free . This caused a minor inconvenience for the first few boxes , because the nuts and bolts ended up rolling out onto the garage floor . This resulted in having to hunt down a few bolts . The units come with spare nuts and bolts , with the exception of the MAIN bolt that is need to attach the ceiling downrod braces to the cross braces . Other than these two minor cons , the units arrived in decent shape.As for the installation , things went pretty well . A few recommendations right off
 Some of these reviewers must work for Hyloft - geez these gushing reviews for an overhead storage system ?! It 's OK , I repeat OK . I hope it does n't fall down 6 months form now . The `` Rigid support hang rails '' are not rigid - it 's -LRB- 4 -RRB- 28 '' + / - long thin metal rails that bolt together in the middle with -LRB- 2 -RRB- bolts/nuts that are probably sized inaccurately . The mesh shelves themselves are nice , seems just as sturdy as my other wire shelving unit in the garageIt 's up , it seems fairly stable
 The directions are great . All of the bolts and screws are neatly labeled so there is no guess work when looking at the instructions . Everything you need is included in the box , including the lag screws and nails for attaching to the ceiling rafters.The hardest part for me was trying to find the right location for it . My garage cieling has no drywall . The rafters are plainly visible and I had to attach mine at an angle . But the brackets accomodate this with no problem . It 's a very versatile storage solution . And quite spacious . I was able to store a good amount of various sized boxes on the unit . Just make sure you calculate the weight and do not exceed the recommended 250lb capacity.I stored boxes that I rarely need since it 's a bit of a hassle to get the car out , get the ladder , climb up , and pull down the box I need . Keep this in mind . You do n't want to store anything up there you will need frequently . But it all depends on where you attach it . Mine is way up in the ceiling of my garage.Overall I 'm very please with this unit .
 I have a garage with 12 ' ceilings , and this works perfectly over the garage door . I could even use 6-8 '' more length in the arms , but otherwise works fine . Beware that the instructions are unclear , as I assumed you would put the supports on the corners . You do n't , you put them on a single joist -LRB- 24 '' in my case -RRB- . For the 24 '' version you place them with uneven overhang and connect them together . For 24 '' joist they recommend 6 '' / 15 '' - 9 '' / 12 '' - 12 '' / 9 '' - 15 '' / 6 `` It 's hard to find , but go to hyloft dot com , select FAQ then `` How many HyLoft units can I install in my garage ? '' There is a PDF with recommended spacing and layout.I bought two to start , and liked it well enough that I just ordered 3 more , may hang even more than that ! --------- Update 5/27/2012Turns out the newer units are made slightly inferior to the older units . The new units had the extra bag of screws -LRB- see the other reviews -RRB- and the arms and racks are thinner metal than the previous ones . They still seem sturdy enough but when up against the old the difference in quality is obvious . Having said that , I 'm still satisfied . Having installed 5 , I agree the first is by FAR the slowest , the rest take about 1.5 to 2 hours each to properly install . I have room for at least one more.Here are a couple of tips :1 -RRB- The new screws have larger heads than the old , you 'll need a 7/16 '' for your drill/driver to put the lags in the ceiling . The remainder are 3/8 .2 -RRB- If you have two cordless drills your install will go much faster . Put your drill bit in one and your nut-driver in the other . That way you save a lot of time drilling the pilot holes then driving the anchors into the ceiling . Like the others I ignored the nails since I could easily see my joists .3 -RRB- Having a 5/16 nut driver with a hollow shaft will really help when putting the small nuts on that hold the panel pieces together .4 -RRB- When you open the package carefully cut the zip-ties so you can re-use them . The 4 zip-ties that hold the edge beams to the grate in the package are FAR FAR better/stronger than the ultra cheap ones they give you to tie the sections together . If you cut the ones in the package so you can re-use them , you 'll be much happier when tying the sections together . A little swaying and the small cheapos broke , but the package ones are very strong and 3x as wide .
 Easy to install -LRB- took about 20 minutes -RRB- and adjust to the needed height , and it does a great job of utilizing overhead space in the garage . Considering we have two cars and a true two-car garage , every inch of space is valuable and this helps get a lot of stuff off the floor and out of the way .
 I saw this at my sister 's house and knew I had to have it . I bought two units and installed them bother in a few hours . The hardest part was finding the studs and dealing with having to work on the ceiling . Ither than that , the instrauctions were clear , all the parts were there -LRB- no extra holes needed to be drilled - I think the other reviewer either got a bad kit or got confused -RRB- , and they included extra screws and other vital hardware that you could be in trouble if you lost just one .
 I found this to be a very good upper storage system . I would advise :1 -RRB- read the instructions carefully . really only strange point is the way you mark where you will place the L-brackets on the ceiling2 -RRB- if you are going to make a continuous shelf , map out on the rafters where everything will fit togeter .3 -RRB- verify spacing on the rafters -LRB- I have Shea home and a couple of the rafters where off by over an inch -RRB- 4 -RRB- get a laser for marking the lines on the ceiling as that is an odd angle . I found that so much easier to work with .5 -RRB- work with googles before the dust gets in your eyes while drilling straight up.This is probably the best system I have ever seen .
 Amazon says max length is 34 inches , while Hyloft 's site says 28 inches . In terms of actual capacity , both are wrong . The maximum TOTAL length is 28 '' , but that includes the shelf . The maximum storage height measure from top of shelf is 27 '' . To stack two storage bins we purchased at Target and Home Depot , it requires 28 '' , so we lost 50 % of capacity unless we buy smaller bins . Only alternative is -LRB- a -RRB- purchase a separate an 12 '' extender kit for $ 16.95 from Hyloft , but that is overpriced for four metal pieces and screws , or -LRB- b -RRB- install unit using one rather than two bolts , which gives you 28 '' clearance , but makes the unit not as strong and might result in failure . Has anyone found a easy way to extend with other components from hardware store ?
 I am extremely pleased with these units - they go together easily , and as long as you can find a ceiling joist properly they are very solid . I bought 3 , and liked them so much I bought 3 more . A great deal - under $ 300 for tons of storage space !
 Overall I am very pleased with this product . It arrived complete and undamaged . They even included a few extra screws just in case . Painted parts were well protected , staight , and unscratched . My garage is a nicer than most homes and it solved my storage problems . Amazon 's price was better than most , with free shipping on this `` heavy and large '' product it blew the competition out of the water . Others wanted as much as $ 35 to ship ! Why not 5 stars ? My only complaint is that it really needs diagonal braces if you want it hanging free . Otherwise brace a lower corner to a wall . I installed two , the second one installed in one forth of the time once I got the `` hang '' of it !
 Very well designed . You could probably make on yourself with available parts , but this negates the need to do so . Probably cost 's you a few extra bucks , but everything you need is in the box .
 This is the BEST overhead storage system I have ever seen . I feel like building a second large garage just to install about 12 of these.I have alway felt frustrated about all that wasted space above my garage doors and now I have something to put there -LRB- along with all of my winter sports products -RRB- and still have room for the tandem cayak I want to buy !!!! This was the easiest one man overhead project I have ever taken on . Find the Stud , Drive a nail and then screw away . In less than an hour I was piling my stuff on this rack and who cares if I am a 1/2 inch off , this system forgives those mistakes that would have created multiple holes in the ceiling before.If you have a garage and to much junk , this system is for you - buy 4 or 5 of these -LRB- but wait until I buy my stock in this company -RRB- .
 Bought mine back in 2003 when we moved into our new house . Of course , there 's NO place to store anything in the house , so had to find some way to make room . Noticed lots of room in the garage , especially over garage door -LRB- 11 ft ceilings -RRB- . Bought 1 of the 4 ` x4 ' . Fits with no touching , or any other problems -LRB- well , except finding studs to mount to the ceiling -RRB- ! Bought 2 more and now I have to room I needed for boxes and decorations and baby stuff and whatever else I need to put away ! Simple , easy to install by yourself , and relatively cheap now -LRB- I paid $ 79.95 for mine , looks like they lowered the price by $ 20 -RRB- !
 I bought three of these for my garage and wish I would have done it a year ago . They are sturdy enough for most anything -LRB- I keep my real heavy stuff elsewhere , however -RRB- , and actually look good hanging from the ceiling compared to the self-made racks I put on the walls . It took me and a friend about two and a half hours to put up all three . They fit perfectly over my automatic garage door -LRB- you can adjust the height -RRB- . The space up there was useless otherwise . You 'll need a socket wrench and a drill . You 'll be drilling into studs , so a low voltage cordless may be a little weak for the job if you intend to install more than one like I did . A laser level will help if you are bad at straight lines like I am.For the price , do n't hesitate . If you put one up and have room for another , you 'll probably end up buying another .
 Overall , this is a great product . I am frustrated , though , because the description of it says that its height adjusts from 16 to 34 inches , but when I received it , it only expands up to 28 inches . I reordered , and again received one that only expands up to 28 inches . I had measured , and wanted the one that expanded up to 34 inches , but customer service had no way of ensuring I got the product advertised . Be aware that yours , too , may only expand up to 28 inches .
 Recently constructed a new garage and badly needed storage space . I searched the internet and finally decided on the HyLoft System . Ordered the system from Amazon and the material arrived promply and in good condidion . I was a little leary because the price of $ 59 seemed low and I thought I would be getting a flimsy product . I ordered two systems and installed them in less than three hours with the help of a good friend . The product far exceeded my expectations . Construction is solid and sturdy and well worth the money . It was the answer to my storage problem , I only wish that I had room enough to install another unit .
 We have put three of these in our garage to store seasonal decorations , empty boxes for electronics , etc. . Installation can be done by one person . Capacity is 200lbs -LRB- we 've not come close -RRB- , maximum two HyLoft 's per set of ceiling joists .
 This is now my 2nd house that we have bought Hylofts for . I Absolutely LOVE them . My last house has 8 ft ceilings so I could only stack 1 crate high on each of them but still it was a space saver . Now that I have 9 ft ceilings I am able to stack the crates 2 high and get 10 crates per Hyloft -LRB- I have 8 hylofts -RRB- and still have room to spare for the small stuff . Everyone who sees them in my Garage wants to know where they can get them . Greatest Investment for a Pack Rat Like me !
 The HyLoft units are composed of solid materials , come with great instructions -LRB- with videos on the web -RRB- , and also look nice when finished . I purchased three of them to connect together , and they do fit together nicely with the stud layout in my garage . I do n't think it would have worked as nicely if the studs in my garage ran the other direction , so you will want to check which way they run when planning your layout . The instructions restrict you from mounting more than two on any set of studs . Installation took me a lot longer than the 60 minutes suggested for each unit - I spent at least an hour just getting the brackets centered on the studs.These issues do not affect my review - I give them 5 stars since they do work great and look nice too , just be sure to plan for your layout and consider it an all day project if you are putting up multiple units .
 Very easy to install , perfect size , great solution for a problem . The product is exactly as described . What more could a consumer ask for ?
 I purchased the hyloft storage shelf because like everyone else we needed to make storage space in our garage . The hardest part for us was locating a studs on our ceiling but we LOVE the product . It is so amazing how much can be stored in the `` wasted '' space overhead . I only wish that I could purchase some more but I do n't have any more overhead in the garage . I highly recommend it .
 The product is designed to be fairly easy to install . It certainly makes use of wasted ceiling space . However the 45 X 45 size , even extended to the maximum , does n't provide much space .
 Solid and stable and a good solution to overhead storage . Cost per storage space is a bit high ... however it does get unused items well out of the way of valuable floor space.Installation is a snap.Consider buying 2 or 3 and making sure you have a long high empty wall and ceiling space to fill ... such as an entire forefront of a garage . -LSB- This would give it far higher functionality for the enduser -RSB-
 The hyloft overhead storage is an excellent idea for adding storage space to your place . It 's functional , useful and quite handy . What a great idea !!! We love it !
 Bought 4 of these , LOVE them . I could not find a better deal on them in our area , either .
 I ordered 2 of these . They go up pretty fast , my husband and I hung them together . We already had one hanging in our garage that was purchased at a local hardware store . The old one holds 250 lbs as well but was $ 100 . Bought these at $ 55 each . Great deal . Very pleased with this purchase . They hold more then I thought would fit .
 Finding studs and spacing the units was a major headache , literally . Even the best stud finders I could get gave me inconsistent results . Had to use 2x4 's to space the units properly -LRB- put up 4 -RRB- . Made alot of holes in the garage ceiling . Once up fine but get ready for problems getting it up .
 We have a garage with a finished ceiling , so the hardest part was finding the studs for drilling . Once things were measured and marked , though , installation was pretty easy . After I had a couple installed I taped some string to the ceiling to help me square up the others . That helped a lot . It 's a pretty forgiving setup so you can be a bit out of square and things will still work well.These are really strong . I 've loaded them with some pretty heavy stuff and they hold it all no problem . We live in earthquake country so I 'm going to put some sort of netting or bungees around the outside to keep stuff from falling off the edges.I liked them so much I 'm buying a couple more . They 're not cheap but they 're plenty strong and I 'm sure they 'll last .
 I received two of these as a gift from my father back during the holidays . They cleared up my cluttered garage real quick . I was able to fit both the wife and I 's dive gear up there along with our plentiful amounts of camping gear . The install was easy enough ... I would change a few things in the directions myself to make them a bit more understandable . It was nothing a little `` eye balling '' did n't fix before I started screwing things together . The only thing I do n't like about them is that they `` sway '' a little when I am pulling things on and off of them . Sway is a strong word in this case , only minimal movement , but enough that it freaks me out for a second when I am working with them .
 The box said installation was a one-man job ... I doubted , but it 's true . I got 2 set up in my garage on my own in about an hour . -LRB- And I 'm not handy by any means -RRB- .
 I absolutely love this product ! It helps to organize my garage and was so easy to install . Thanks for making a product that truly works the way it is intended !
 awesome overhead storage ! this is my third rack . easy to install and can hold a decent amount of things .
 This product is simple and effective . I ordered 4 of them for use in my garage . After feeling my way through the installation on the first one , the others went up fairly easy . Price was decent compared to similar products . Only gripe is that you are limited to your mounting locations by the direction that your trusses run . Amazon 's free shipping really helped too . All in all , I would buy them again .
 The HyLoft overhead storage System is not only a great idea , but available from Amazon at a GREAT price . The FREE shipping was frosting on the cake . Easy installation and a great way to clear clutter off the garage floor .
 I am glad I finally bought this . It arrived on time and was very simple to install . Even my UPS driver was intrigued by the product . He said he was now going to buy a couple of them too . I was able to install two of them and load both up in less than 1.5 hrs . My biggest concern was having headroom under it , as I am 6 ' 5 '' . That was not an issue as this hangs down only about 18 '' from my 8 ' garage ceiling . I would recommend these for anyone needing extra storage space .
 The longest part about installing this product was finding the ceiling joists and screwing the brackets into the ceiling . After that , it was cake . It serves its purpose of providing storage while using usually unused space . Now I have to spackle the extra holes that I made trying to find the joists . One other thing to add is that I was n't able to drive in the sinker nails , do n't know if it 's easier to do with some power tool , I was trying just with a hammer and it was hard since you 're trying to drive it upwards into the ceiling joist and you do n't have much leverage .
 These are great in my garage ! I would 've given it 5 stars except that the braces take up a bit of the storage space . Other than that , they were easy to install and are very sturdy .
 We purchased these three -LRB- 3 -RRB- to add to the four -LRB- 4 -RRB- we already had . We have a high ceiling in our garage and wanted to put that upper space to good use , these units fit the bill . We previously installed four above our garage doors for seasonal items and limited use things . We loved them so much we got three more . They are not hard to install , just follow the easy to read instructions , use the right tools and up they go . I can put one up in under an hour , by myself , which includes finding the studs and figuring out which way the studs run . Would recommend to anyone with extra space when they look up .
 Not to difficult to install if you 've got a good tall ladder . You need a good stud finder if you 're installing through sheetrock . Finished product is quite nice . We 'll see how it holds up but right now I 'd highly recommend .
 The rack system is simple to install and very sturdy . The hardest part is finding the studs in the ceiling to drill into . It holds quite a lot and is a great product to solve the cluttered garage .
 System was easy to assemble and install . The system allows match to ceiling and platform adjustability to accommodate location requirements . There is no restraint from lateral motion so care must be exercised when adding or removing items from shelf .
 These storage lofts are very easy to install . They can hold quite a bit of products . Makes dead space useful and keeps items high and dry . I have them installed in my garage and in my crawl space and it works great in both locations ...
 I had been looking for a way to get my garage cleaned out . When these went on sale , I thought I would try a couple of them . They work great ! Installation is easy , but time consuming and a little awkward . I installed them myself , but it would probably be better/quicker with two people . The instructions are a little thin , but after looking at all of the parts I was able to put it together in about 2 hours . The second one only took about 45 minutes . I did n't realize you could place the back of the unit snug against the wall because the picture shows it away from the wall . I left it about 3 inches from the wall because I did n't want to redrill the bolt holes , but if I did it again , I would place the back closer to the wall . You do need a little room on the sides for over hang . It seems to be qutie sturdy and well made . It sways a little bit when it was n't loaded , but seems like a tank now that I connected the two units together and loaded them up . My only regret is that I did n't buy two more units at the great price of $ 40 . They are back up to $ 60 so I guess I 'll have to wait to finish my garage . It is a great product even though it is a little pricey .
 I am not handy at all but this was very easy to hang . Especially with another person . You can do it by yourself with the nail up brackets but it flies with another person . Seems really sturdy . Also it is very forgiivng , you can eyeball the placement of the brackets and it works . I could not put the brackets 45 inches apart because of the rafters but it does n't matter because the shelf can hang over the ends . I wish I would have purchased another one though when they were on sale . I gave it 4 stars because i do n't see how you can put 9 boxes up there and it fit . those boxes must be really small .
 Great , simple , storage system for that little extra space to store those items you do n't use that often . I store all my hunting equiptment , and tree stands away till the next season . Units are easy to install , and work well to use that wasted garage ceiling space . There convience seems to be worth the price for the job they do .
 This is awesome !! The nails they give you to secure the posts are pretty lame , we switched to using screws for the next two . They are n't that complicated to install if you have two people , and after installing one the other ones will feel like a breeze . We have installed three of these and just love how much room they give and how much space we now have on the floor .
 I have a garage with a high ceiling and never have enough storage space . I have a total of 6 of these units now and will probably be adding more . They are a great way to make use of the often otherwise unused area above a car , workshop , or wherever there are high ceilings , including some basements . My only suggestion for improvement is to add more sizes to allow more flexibility in using available space .
 Buy this unit and you wo n't regret it . I 've managed to make my garage look AMAZINGLY clean and uncluttered now.Make sure your ceiling load will support it -LRB- most will -RRB- and that you find the joint running directions before installing . Also , do n't push the limit of height before it hits the garage door opener . Many door openers have a lot of torque and will damage the garage door as well as the hangers . I bought 4 units , installed them quickly and easily . Make sure you sink BOTH screws into the joists or you could eventually have things falling onto your cars one day/night . Powder coated white metal is of good quality . Looks like stainless steel bolts , or at least nickel plated.You can store a lot on these things , and some pretty heavy ones even ...
 This product did exactly what I wanted . Gived me a solid shelf that was well supported and relatively easy to install . It is sturdy , instructions were good and it holds content well . I have 3 installed , 3 waiting to go , and will continue to buy until all the space in my garage is used .
 VERY easy to install . Quality construction . Holds a lot of stuff . Great product .
 I purchased two of these units to use in my garage and installed them together end-to-end as a single unit . Instructions for installing them this way were vague and it was difficult to get the wire shelves to butt together so that one was not higher than the other . Needs a better way of connecting them together than with the nylon ties included . Otherwise , they are great for extra storage .
 This product is reasonably priced , fairly easy to install , and will help you organize a typically disorganized space ... Your garage ! I bought and installed four of them and have no regrets .
 This is the 5th one of these I bought . I have moved a ton of stuff off the floor of my garage . Our garage is tall so I was able to create a shelf about 24 '' high . I also bought the ladder accessories . Pretty easy install and can be done with 1 person like the box says .
 i installed two of these units on my finished garage ceiling in about two hours . the only difficulty i experienced was in locating the rafters and getting the appropriate spacing between the down brackets . the whole job amounts to drilling four holes , mounting the brackets , and bolting the assembly together . it 's a breeze . i would suggest to the manufacturer that they provide a template on the box cover which could be used to simply locate the center hole for the down brackets on the same rafter . this would save time and make the whole job easier . the fit and finish for this product is outstanding , and i 'm extremely pleased with the results .
 Easy to install with straight forward instructions . This is 3rd unit purchased and installed . Ok it is just two T-bars and a rack but for the price , I was satisfied
 I purchased two 00540 systems . They are perfect for overhead storage , if you do n't overload them . Stick to Hyloft 's recommended weight limit . Also , be very sure that you fasten the brackets securely to the ceiling studs . At first , I used a stud finder , but I do n't really trust them and they do n't work well , especially when you have to depend on attaching something securely from above . I also tried drilling into the studs with a manual hand drill to be sure . It felt solid and it seemed that I hit all studs exactly in the center . So , I measured the stud centers and also drilled for feel . I then installed all lag screws attaching the brackets and finished the installation . I was careful to NOT overload each unit . Four days later , I arrived home from work and opened the garage door . I saw one fully loaded shelf , along with all it 's contents , upside down on the roof and hood of my recently fully restored $ 90,000 '55 Chevy Nomad . I did n't know what happened , but further examination proved that I missed two celiing studs by about 1/8 '' , and it pulled out the side . So , fair warning , make sure the lag screws go solidly into the ceiling studs , then carefully test them before parking your Porsche or Lamborghini underneath .
 I ordered four of these units to get more space into my garage/workshop . They were well packaged , had good instructions and high quality materials . I really appreciated the small touches , such as carriage bolts that fit into the grid so you can tighten with just a wrench , self locking nuts and clear labeling on the small parts . The packaging of the nuts and bolts was really helpful . It 's a small tray that holds everything in compartments so there 's no sorting so you can just grab what you need and go . There are also extra parts clearly labeled as `` extras '' . Anyone with a reasonable comfort level with tools , especially a cordless drill/driver can easily put one of these units up in 45 minutes.A word of advice - wear safety glasses . That should go without saying , but they will save you at least one trip down the ladder .
 The product is exactly as advertised . I placed four lofts in my garage . The installation is basic and the instructions are good . Bolting the mounting plates into the ceiling of the garage is the most work . If you have a 7/16 '' socket adapted to a drill , it would make the mounting plates a lot easier . They even provide extra hardware incase you drop and lose something .
 The installation was really easy and moving the `` stuff '' I do n't really use much above my head is making my life easier . The only problem I have is I could n't use all the possible space because my garage door opens and leaves me only enough space to put this product on its highest setting . I would really like to extend it but I would n't be able to open my garage door over and over without taking it down . I plan on buying another one however and put it where the garage door does n't cause it problems . I bought at Amazon because Home Depot only carried the smaller one and it was the same price .
 I bought and installed two of these . Installation was very straightforward , and I would just offer a few suggestions.When attaching the horizontal cross bar to the bottom of the vertical supports , I would reverse the position of the bolt - instead of having the head up and the nut underneath , put the head on the bottom and the nut on top . It looks more finished , and is less likely to snag something from underneath.Second , when putting the 3 grids on top of the cross bars , pay attention to the grid orientation . I installed mine so the grid wires that run length-wise are all facing up , to achieve a consistent look , and to possibly make it easier to slide boxes across . -LRB- Actually , I did n't do this on the first one , because I was n't thinking about it , but it occurred to me when I installed the second one . Maybe I 'll go back and change the first one . -RRB- Third , they give you 4 small bolts , nuts and washers to use to attach the three grid sections together . I ended up using 2 larger washers with each bolt , one against the head of the bolt , and one next to the nut . This lets you tighten up the bolts a bit more , with less likelihood of damaging the white powdercoat on the grids . Just do n't use washers that are too big , or they will stick above the grid , making bumps in the `` floor '' . I think using the nails to hold the ceiling brackets in place is a matter of preference - for me , it was just as easy to mark the holes with a pencil , move the bracket out of the way to drill them , and then install the lag screws to hold the bracket in place.If you have an impact driver , its the perfect tool to screw the lag screws in . I 've used a ratcheting socket wrench in the past , and it was a lot more effort and took much longer.I 'm very satisfied with these units - they 're perfect for a smaller garage , and go up pretty easily if you 're moderately handy . The white color has a cleaner look than the previous hammertone gray .
 the hyloft was very easy to install . i connected three together in under 21/2 hours . best price around at amazon . good stuff .
 This is a great storage solution that allows you to turn wasted garage space into a useful long term storage area . I have five of these shelves.I 'll echo what the other reviewers have mentioned . The installation is about as easy as you 'll find . There is nothing complicated.Finding the joists is the hardest part and a good studfinder is essential.Here are some tips :1 -RRB- If you want to install several units in a row , think about which wall is best . The installation instructions tell you not to put more than two shelves per joist , so your row of hanging shelves needs to be installed across -LRB- perpendicular -RRB- to the joists -- not running in the same direction . This means that only two walls in the garage are suitable for a row of shelves . Even if you only want to install one or two units now , you may want to expand in the future .2 -RRB- A good quality cordless drill makes the installation much easier . If you do n't own one already -- buy , borrow , or rent one . You 'll be glad you did .3 -RRB- The kit comes with nails . You are instructed to nail the ceiling bracket in place before drilling and securing with the lag screws.Swinging a hammer straight up over your head without hitting your hand or knocking a hole in the ceiling is pretty tough . Save those nails for some other project . Get some wood screws with heads big enough to hold the bracket . Mark the hole position , drill a pilot hole , then install the bracket using your drill and a wood screw . Screws are easier , safer , and will serve the same purpose .4 -RRB- Two long lag screws are be installed on each bracket . It is tiring to use a socket wrench overhead to screw them into the ceiling . Make it easy by using your cordless drill and aDEWALT DW2542 3/8-Inch Socket Adapterwith the appropriate socket.All in all , this is a great product .
 I have a dozen of these mounted on my garage ceiling . Installation was quick , easy and can be done by one person . The first one took a bit of effort , after that it was no more than 20 minutes per shelf . A powered nut driver helps to screw the lag bolts in , tightening that many bolts overhead can be a bit tiring . Once you have located the joists its no problem . Since alignment of the brackets is not critical , they can be mounted regardless of which way your joists run.Loading and unloading items on the back of these shelves can be a bit tricky . It is not easy to slide loose items across the wire shelves . Also they do sway a bit from side to side
 I saw this at my sister 's house and knew I had to have it . I bought two units and installed them bother in a few hours . The hardest part was finding the studs and dealing with having to work on the ceiling . Ither than that , the instrauctions were clear , all the parts were there -LRB- no extra holes needed to be drilled - I think the other reviewer either got a bad kit or got confused -RRB- , and they included extra screws and other vital hardware that you could be in trouble if you lost just one .
 I want to thank whoever designed the packaging and instructions for HyLoft . This product is not complicated to put together , but there are more fasteners and parts than you might guess . Everything is well labeled . The container for the fasteners has wells for each type of part.I dropped a nut onto the floor and could n't find it . No problem - there is a little bag labeled ` spare parts ' that contained a spare . The manual starts by showing the assembled product , then step-by-step instructions.I was going to make a heavier-duty shelf , but I 'm glad I went with two of these instead . As others have said , the shelf will wobble side-to-side a bit if you 're not careful , but it is not a big deal .
 Our garage is rather small and we wanted to be able to park in it again , but wanted to keep all the stuff we were storing in it ! I had seen a company in a home improvement magazine that installed overhead garage storage and figured it was something I could do myself . Got on Amazon.com and presto found this product . It is awesome . Priced right ; shipped quickly ; easy to install ; works great!Anyone with a a ladder , a few tools and basic DIY skills can install this product . We installed two of these Hyloft overhead racks , two coordinating white Hyloft shelves , four Racor bicycle hoisting systems , a couple of storage baskets , a ball holder and and several wall hooks for hanging tools , and we took our garage back and are comfortably parking our cars inside again ! It is clean and neat and organized!Thanks to Amazon.com we got great pricing and the stuff was delivered right to our door . I saw these exact same overhead racks at Lowes for a much higher price .
 I bought an original two for my garage to store my christmas stuff . They handled 3/4 of it so I bought two more . It makes such a difference . The 45 '' square handles more than you think . Make absolutely sure you are in studs when you hang them .
 This is my second Hyloft overhead storage system . Filled up the first one pretty quickly and needed more storage space . This unit looks good and is easy for one person to install in a half hour or less .
 I dislike basements ... too musty and dirty . So I bought a house with no basement - hence , less storage . But the garage has a high ceiling . Aha ! I discovered Hyloft . I bought several of them and installed them - with the help of my son . He is 30 , I am 66 . He did most of the physical work , I supervised ! The difficult part for us was finding the studs . The garage has a painted drywall ceiling with no access to the attic , so we did n't know if the studs ran north-south or east-west . Also , we did n't know how far apart they were . Many holes later we found out they ran north-south and were 24 ' apart . Once we discovered the studs , we finished the job quickly and patched the ceiling . I added a lot of storage for a low cost .
 They are a bit tricky to install , but any handy person should be able to do it . I use mine in the attic and used two together . Working great and no complaints .
 So I 'm finally writing a review after approx 4 years of utilizing this storage system . I actually have 3 of these hanging from my garage ceiling and they work as advertised . I do n't think the weight of the items I have come close to the 250 lbs it says it can hold , but they do seem to have no problems holding about half of that . If I remember correctly , installation was relatively easy -LRB- as long as you can find the studs -RRB- . I plan on buying some more soon because I 'm running out of space on my garage floor !
 These units are very sturdy and hold lots of things on top of them . We hung ours in the area where the garage door rails are and made sure they were at the right heighth so as not to interfere with the door going up and down . It 's a great way to utilize that empty space . We have all of our outdoor furniture cushions on it plus have other outdoor folding chairs , rubbermaid plastic containers , etc. up there . We bought two storage systems and they both fit in the ceiling area of our garage . I highly recommend these hanging racks ! Great quality and reasonably priced .
 Purchased two of these units to improve the storage capacity in my garage . After finding the first joist to start the installation , it was very quick and easy to do . It is a good product , well made and it did the job for me . I can recommend it to anyone who wants to use the wasted space above the garage door .
 Super easy to install -LRB- clue
 Based on other reviews , decided to buy . Easy set up . Works as designed . Perfect spot above my garage door . Have 2 - getting a third .
 Sturdy but not as sturdy as I expected . However , does appear to be easily cabaple of holding the 250 pound weight limit.Relatively easy to install , although did take longer than estimated 1 hour . I bought two units , first one took about 2 hours and second unit took about 1.5 hours . Hardest part is locating studs .
 This was not too hard to put up and is sturdy ... Get a lot of stuff off the floor and gave me my shed back . The price from amazon was very good and the free shipping you ca n't beat .
 This was a great purchase . The unit is sturdy with items that cover the entire surface . The unit came with extra hardware and very easy directions . We have a standard two-car garage and two units cover a large amount of space at the front of our garage . We could not put our units over the garage door as advertised .
 Great product , easy to install . Helps get everything up off the floor and out of eye site .
 I needed extra storage in my garage so i was looking for something that would hang from the ceiling as I had plenty of space above the garage doors . At first I was planning on building somethign myself , but when I found these HyLoft systems , I immediately bought 5 of them to install in my garage . As always , Amazon shipped them for free based on my choice and low and behold showed up 2 days later . So , then I had to decide the spacing and such for the install . Once I did that , I got out my ladder the few tools required for the install and set to work . In less than 45 minutes , I had the first one up . By the time I was done with the fifth one I purchased , I was down to 30 minutes per install . So now I have cleared the floor in my garage by throwing everything up on these storage systems . I would definitely recommend these for ease of installation and what appears to be something that will hold up over time .
 We liked this product so much we bought 12 ! We installed 8 where we have fairly high ceilings in the garage and then 4 in the space right above where the garage door opens to store smaller things -LRB- lumber and smaller boxes -RRB- . Fairly easy to install , although not trivial and box is quite heavy . Not overly rigid and they do sway a bit if you push them , but they work really well and have given us A LOT of extra storage space where we used to just have dead space . They also are n't the prettiest things in the world so I doubt we 'd put them anywhere besides the garage.But they work great and hold lots of weight . Highly recommended.And Amazon 's free shipping -LRB- and low cost $ 59.99 -RRB- makes them a great value . Delivery is particularly nice since they they 're so heavy .
 Excellent product . Better than I expected . So easy to install even a woman can install it . :-RRB- -LRB- I did . -RRB- Quick delivery . Completely satisfied .
 After completely reconstructing our resort we hastily moved back in making the garage the central dumping ground . This meant spending the entire summer barely being able to walk through the garage . I ordered and installed 9 Hyloft overhead storage units . After days of organization and storing items , we can now park both our vehicles , as well as , mowers , lawn tractor , etc. , in the garage and still have room to walk . These storage units are a great organizational tool ! My only complaint is I had hoped they would be a little more heavy duty .
 This is my third purchase of the Overhead Storage System . I installed several of them in our KC home several years ago . Our Albuquerque home is severely storage challenged by not having a basement or attic storage . I initially installed four of the units over the garage door . In a years time we had out grown that so I installed three more units!I have found the assembly to be very straight forward . The packaging of the system is first class . The hardware is packaged in a divided plastic container - very well organized . A few choice extra parts are contained in another package.First quality product , well thought out and very good instructions .
 Well made and super heavy duty . My intended use was storage above my garage door but due to my lack of planning there was n't enough space between my garage ceiling and opened door to use it . Therefore I am going to use it in the attic to get items off the floor .
 I bought two of these as I needed extra storage . The units arrived within 2 days of shipment notification - WOW . Directions were clear and concise . The packaging was superior . All parts plus a few extra small bolts/washers/nuts were included . Assembly and installation were pretty straight forward . I added an extra lag screw to each ceiling bracket to insure carrying capacity of unit . I also added metal straps to improve the latteral stability . The cable ties included would work only if you installed the units end to end.Overall highly recommended .
 My sister in Arizona had this overhead storage system and recommended it to me . She was right . It worked exactly as described . I am trying to organize my garage and wanted something to get the christmas tree and stuff off the floor . It all hangs above our heads and out of the way . I would say it was easy to install , but I did n't do the installation . I was watching my husband install it and he did not appear to have any problems .
 This is a well-designed product . It came packaged well , had good instructions , and was easy to install . The hardware packaging and labelling is the best I 've seen in any product I 've ever bought that required installation .
 I purchased one of these last year and it found it to be the best idea for my limited storage space . I ordered another one this year and found that they shortened the unit by 3 '' . Not sure why they did this , but that little bit of extra space does come in handy.Installation was a breeze , especially since is the 2nd one I 've put up . I would have given this 5 stars , but the reduction in size from last years model was a negative for me .
 These shelves need to attach to the joists . If your garage ceiling is covered , the joists are almost impossible to find . Good `` locating joists . `` Once joists found , the shelves are easy to install .
 The product was very usefull and not too difficult to install once I found the ceiling joists below the drywall . It works as represented and doesnt ' t look too bad .
 Product install was easy once you idientify the location of the ceiling studs . Took about 30 minutes to install following directions . Great for storing Christmas decorations since I only need them once a year . Got it at a great price .
 What 's up with this outrageous price increase ? This item went from $ 54.97 to $ 67.67 in two weeks !! And this is only one of the items that Amazon is overpricing in a short weeks and then , they say that they 're taking care of not looking to rip off customers . If this continues this way , this wo n't be my favorite shopping place anymore .
 I ordered four of these . One was lost in shipment . Amazon replaced it very fast.Installation was straightforward . I found them to be good quality and good appearance . I would order them again .
 We have had two hanging in our garage for five years . It is amazing how much stuff they can hold . Getting boxes out is not a problem because of the large open grids and access from all sides . Just make sure they are installed securely !
 The overhead storage system installs easly . It took me about 1/2 hour to install the first one and 15 min for each additional one . I was able to utilize the dead space above my garage door by installing 4 of the units .
 Bought this to solve storage problems and I just wish I had room for more of them . Installed single-handedly . Highly endorsed .
 This product is as advertised . A storage square that you can hang from any place you have rafters to support it . I purchased 2 to hang from different locations in my garage and they are worth the purchase . Like many reviewers , I would not load it any higher than the rated 250lbs . It serves the purpose of spot storage in previously unused space on your garage ceiling .
 These HyLoft Overhead Storage units were just what I needed for our garage . I installed them above the garage door , an area which is generally wasted space and now I have a location to store all of our seasonal boxes such as Christmas , Easter , Halloween , etc decorations .
 This unit was really easy to install and is pretty sturdy . It does sway , as others have noted in their reviews , but I 'm not worried about it coming down or things falling off from sway . It looks pretty good and went up in about 45 minutes !
 It is a real plus for saving space , works great for storage of items you do n't use often -LRB- coolers , winter tires , etc -RRB- or stock larger quantities of household products . It does take two people to put them up and we had to improvise their attachment because there were no beams exactly where I wanted to put them . Thus we screwed in a length of wood to the beam , and put the system on that wood . I saw them on line while looking for something else and would highly recommend the Hyloft to anyone . They have been up over a year , still sturdy . Plus there are attachements to enhance storage capabilities .
 Hanging the first one took me close to an hour , but then after that , I hung two in that same amount of time . Its very easy to install .
 System is well designed and takes only 20 minutes to install ; that includes time for a beer . Sturdy and seems to be an excellent way to add space to garage .
 We own two homes and have just recently ordered our 3rd unit . The Hyloft is by far the best engineered storage product on the market , the installation is simple and straight forward . I read a recent review where the guy had twisted off the lag by over torquing . Although we did n't experience any of this in our own installs I wanted to be sure so I contacted Hyloft customer service . They informed me that it is very important to pre drill the holes and not to over tighten the lags because some of us tend to reef down with all our might to get it tight when that 's not needed . I was asked not to use an impact which now makes sense because I have twisted off a few lug nuts in my day ! Ca n't wait for our new unit to arrive so can get my holiday junk off the floor !
 Product is exactly as described , easy to install and very sturdy . Because of design allows for some play in the installation which makes it very easy to install where you need it .
 I bought two for my husband and he loves them ! Pretty easy for him to install , especially the second time around . Great value !
 With the holiday season coming to a close , I dreaded the thought of carrying all of the totes down to the basement utility closet where we would have to move past all of the canned goods and other useful items . I 'd been researching HyLoft -LRB- and other -RRB- storage systems for a couple months and took the leap last week.I bought three 45x45 and installed them above the garage door . It took about an hour to install the first one and another hour to do the other two . The system is VERY forgiving . My measuring was n't too accurate , but each time they lined up and looked awesome.I was a little frustrated to learn that the beams in my garage ran in a direction such that my original plan to hang them in a row was scrapped . -LRB- According to the manufacturer you can only hang two units on any two beams . -RRB- However , a quick search on the Google netted several configuration options and it was smooth sailing from there.If you 're thinking about purchasing the HyLoft storage system , do it ! You wo n't be disappointed . The finished product is sturdy and nice looking . I 'm so happy we finally took the plunge !
 Purchased this for use in the garage as we ran out of shelf spaces against the walls . Right now it 's holding tupperware containers filled with various holiday decor , plus some other random stuff that we do n't access often . It feels very sturdy once hung up - I would totally buy another one .
 I purchased two of these racks just to try them out . The installation was pretty straight forward so I had both of the racks up in 2 hours . I installed mine over the garage door cause I really wanted to make use of all that space up there . I 'm so glad that I found this product . Now my garage is looking a little better and less cluttered . And guess what ... I just purchased two more . I plan on having 8 of these installed above my garage door . It 's the perfect area to store items up and out of the way . Plus , it 's hidden from sight when people glance into my garage .
 This product is great . I had no problem putting 4 of them in my garage . Easy to follow instructions . It was very helpful to have a battery operated drill with a socket that fit the long wood screws . The only thing that may help with the installation would be a template for finding studs at 16 '' & 32 '' . The ceiling in my garage is finished , stud finder helped somewhat , but a marking template would be nice . I highly recommend this product . I installed 4 of these with no help , after installing 1 you do n't need the instructions again . All screws , nuts , & other parts are clearly labeled .
 Finally a product with easy to ready instructions and great product to match.Pros :1 . Not too many parts .2 . Marked tray of screws / bolts . Easy to ready unlike most instructions sheets where they said use bolt `` J '' but they do n't label the screw tray ? 3 . Solid construction , good finish.Cons :1 . The middle wire rack still moves when sliding items on it . The rack comes with 4 tiny bolts to attach the the middle rack to the two outer racks . I would like to see a better way of attaching the 3 racks together for a more secure fit .
 I purchased this because I am in great need of extra storage space . When my husband saw the boxes , his comment was `` sweet '' . However , it 's been months and the boxes are still sitting in that original spot . I 've heard other people talk about how great they are and how they 've really cleared up some room for them . Only in my dreams ...
 This is , or should I say , was a great product . The Dipper installed this item in my garage last summer to give my hotrod Kia some breathing room . It was very easy to install with easy to follow instructions and basic tools . I had a garage sale this spring and got rid of lots of junk resulting in this fine product hanging empty the last month or so . Last week , some of my hunting pals came over for a barbeque and beer bash . Some of the guys got themselves a teensy-weensy bit gassed and Dipper , ever the responsible citizen , let them stay overnight to sleep it off . But Dipper never got to sleep that night as two of them snored like bandsaws while another had , shall we say , errrr , butt burp issues ? Hemmed in by wall to wall cacophony and gas that could kill a swamp rat , I decided -LRB- foolishly -RRB- to bring a foam sleeping pad to the garage for use under The Dipper in the empty HyLoft Overhead Storage System . All was fine , quiet , and noxious-fume-free until all 265 pounds of me rolled over the first time . Fortunately the Kia 's hood broke my fall -LRB- mostly -RRB- . It is also very hard to climb out of this fine product laying at an angle in the dark wedged between a Kia and a wall when very , very surprised and half loopy . Use this product as advertised , but do not get any brilliant ideas if you weigh more than 250 pounds . They mean it and so do I !!!
 There are a lot of good reviews already up on this product , so I will be brief : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Do n't underestimate the physical difficulty of installation ! The hardest part of the installation is getting the ceiling brackets attached . Do not underestimate how difficult it is , physically , to work while you are up on a ladder and trying to work straight up , attaching something to the ceiling . -LRB- 2 -RRB- You are going to have to climb up a ladder carrying the stuff you want to put up in these things . This means that heavy and bulky items are going to be hard and/or impossible put in this thing , and storage will be limited to lighter items . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Ladders are dangerous things ; ask any physician ! If you fall off the ladder because you got off balance -LRB- made more likely when you are carrying something rather than just going up the ladder itself -RRB- you can be seriously injured . Unlike other similar storage systems that go up and down on a pulley , this system is fixed in place and to get up to it you will need to use a ladder . So , your use of this storage system will be limited by what you can carry up , accepting whatever the risk there is that you might fall off the ladder in the process.I 'm not saying not to buy the the product , which I think is a good one , just to be aware that installation is not that easy and that using these things exposes you to some inconvenience and to some RISK .
 As part of a kitchen remodel we added a disposal , and I chose the Insinkerator Evolution Spacesaver model.Installation was a breeze ! Quick and clean . And this is truly the quietest disposal I have ever heard . I thought something was wrong with it at first because it did n't sound like it was working . Just a barely audible humming . But that was it ! Once you throw some scraps in it you can hear it grinding a llittle bit , but the motor is super-quiet . Uber-impressed with it.We 've only had it for about a week now , so I ca n't comment on longevity issues , but I certainly hope that we keep it for a good long while . It 's everything we wanted .
 We have had this disposal for a year and all you read is true , this is a quiet and capable disposal.IMO , do n't put any more thought into this decision and just order this unit . Quiet , capable , no problems .
 We replaced an Insinkerator Badger with the Compact Evolution . I did the installation myself . Lots of rust right below the sink on the old unit made removing it difficult . I had to get a hacksaw to cut through one of the screws . I then had access to the snap ring and got the old one off . Installing the new unit was much easier than getting the old one off . No leaks . Use plenty of plumbers ' putty.Operation is much quieter than the old one . Seriously , much quieter . We did have to press the reset button once already in the first month , but it 's easily accessible . No other problems . Seems to be a big step up from what we had .
 Just as good as the rest of the reviewers here said . Took about 2 hours to replace a 3-year-old Kenmore that had cracked and was leaking -- and extremely noisy . That included installing the plug-in cord accessory . It was easy because we had just had the last disposal professionally installed , so I did n't have to deal with the old copper connections and such in our 1970-built home . Very quiet operation -- just an electric hum , even when processing food . There was some loud rattling the first few times we turned it on , so I initially was disappointed , but that disappeared as the unit seemed to wear in to place.Paid $ 169 at Home Depot . Now we can put things back under the sink again !
 I ready the reviews and made the purchase . Overall , i am extremely happy with the unit . Very quiet , solid build and simple install . Under 3 hr job with a beverage break in there . scratch that off the honeydoo list .
 I ordered this one as a new install . It was a very easy install . I did have to make a trip to the plumbing store for a couple of pipes but otherwise it was flawless and the operation is very quiet and the grind is great no matter what I put into it . You can not do better for the money . I would buy another one if I needed to .
 Easy to install , quiet and pretty compact in size . If you are on the market for a new good quality disposal consider to buy InSinkErator 74028 . Couple things to note
 Our Kenmore disposer started making funny noises so I replaced it with this unit as the plumber recommended it as well . Very quiet . Has a 4 year guarantee . I like that the baffle removes for cleaning .
 It is a great product at an unbelievable price . The hardest part about installing this product was removing the old disposal.There is one item that is not included in the box you will need to get if it is not on the old disposal . You will need an electrical clamp connector.Once installed , the disposal is almost silent when running .
 During the late stage of our modest size , but total kitchen remodel , I searched a variety of options before deciding to `` splurge '' on this compact model garbage disposal . I originally had my mind set on the `` badger '' line , which was cheaper and fairly effective . But after some thought -LRB- and a gift certificate to subsidize the cost -RRB- , I chose this . Boy , am I not regretting it.As the other reviews mention , this is definitely quiet , and a bit smaller than the other units , so you can still salvage some storage space under your sink . When you turn it on , you notice a slight hum , but no vibration . Even the water does n't make a huge noise when the garbage disposal is whisking it away ; the water seems to drain normally as if the unit was n't on.It has worked flawlessly against the typical fare - eggshells , meat , stale bread and fruit peels . I was surprised to not hear any crunching at all with the eggshells . The running water is * almost * louder than the disposal itself ! I think the appropriate description is
 I did some research on this Insinkerator and the Waste King and found that the Insinkerator is made in the Wisconsin and the Waste King is made in China . I bought the Insinkerator . It is more expensive than the Waste King but the quality is verry good and it is quiet as advertised.I know that everything we buy will not be made in the US , but when we can , let 's support those companies that employ our citizens ... even if it costs a little more . That extra cost goes to paying good wages and benefits and help our economy .
 Had it included the power cable and the twist on connectors -LRB- little cone shaped connectors to twist connect the wires -RRB- , I would have given it a 5 star . But it did n't come with that -LRB- guess they assumed everyone is REPLACING an existing unit -- which I was too . But the old power cable was rusted and bent out of shape . i wish they had included a new unit so I can replace everything.But all in all , it is a wonderful unit . It is stunning quiet . The only noise you really hear is the surge when you first turn it on . 1 second after that , you can hardly hear anything.It took me a good hour to install it because I cleaned up all of the drainage pipes too after I took out the old unit . The fit was wonderful . It was a bit heavy when I tried to hook it on before the twist on effort . There are 3 sections you need to hook on in position before you can twist lock the unit . I had a hard time doing that.I actually called this company before I bought it on Amazon to verify the warranty . Someone actually answered the phone when I tried to set up a warranty repair !!! I thought it was going to be a painful experience to get anyone to answer my call to respond to a warranty repair request , but their service was quick and friendly . She asked which unit I plan to buy and verified immediately how many years of warranty it would carry and if problem occurs during this time after my purchase , I simply have to call this number again and they will give me the information to the nearest place for them to dispatch someone to come to my house to fix it.That made me decide to buy this unit.My old unit came with the house when I bought it and it also was a InSinkErator but a lower end model . It broke after after 7 years of use.This one is so powerful and quiet my wife was wondering if it was on when she first tried it.It was a plus with the rubber covered drain that came with it . That made adjusting to the drainage pipe much easier . Simply ingenious.I give it my highest recommendation if you are replacing an existing unit . If for a new install , make sure you have the power cable already . Also buy some plumber 's putty . Walmart sells it for $ 1.49 .
 Length :
 I replaced the 5 yr old Kitchen Aid 1/2 HP noisy junk that leaked through the main sealing and spoiled my kitchen cabinet floor -LRB- have to replace it also -RRB- - Installed a Evolution Compact 3.4 HP oneThis one was much cheaper in Lowes/Home Depot - do n't know why it is atleast 20-30 bucks more here . . it is around $ 159 a piece for the Compact model.It was a diy project and must be straight forward if you have a diy flair in you.Works a lot quiter and let me see how it goes . .
 When my home was built 8 years ago the builders installed an Insinkerator Badger 5 . This unit was extremely loud , but fairly reliable up until two weeks ago when it suddenly seized up , and would n't work anymore . I did a lot of research , and decided to go with he Evolution Compact as a replacement because it was very similar in size to the badger 5 , but clearly an upgrade.Install
 I had the badger 5 for a little over 8 years before it rusted and started leaking . Must be some kind of record from what I have been reading . It also stopped grinding , that 's when I found the leak . I was skeptical about buying the compact model , but I saw nothing but good reviews everywhere I turned . I bought it at Home Depot for a tad less than Amazon , how about that then . I did n't mind paying the little extra in taxes . Besides , I needed it now . Anyway , it all went up in an hour , including the time to remove the old unit . I could n't sleep much that night , and got up at 4:30 , opened the box , read the instructions , which were very easy to comprehend , so easy I did n't even have to refer back to them when I started . The hardest part is holding it up there square while you turn the three pronged clamp . My wife came in just as I was finishing up and could n't believe I was already finished , she thought I was just taking the old one out . Anyway , another point I have to make , I was concerned about the size of the unit , and if it would fit the same space as the Badger . It did . Perfectly . The two connections , disscharge and dishwasher connection went as smooth as anything . It is not whisper quiet , you can hear it , but it is WAY quieter than the older unit . I also like the fact that you can easily remove the baffle to clean it , something you could not do with the older unit . The stainless steel features was what sold me more than anything else , this one should last a LOT longer . Buy with confidence .
 We 're really pleased with this unit . It does cost a little more than the basic models but we think it 's worth it . I 'm pretty handy but I 've never replaced a disposal before ; which took about an hour including the drain and mounting bracket thing -LRB- ? -RRB- . It came with almost everything I needed to do a `` replacement '' , except the power cord which I ordered at the same time . Also , you 'll need plumber 's putty and some electrical tape . Start with disconnecting the power and plumbing from your existing unit , wrap a plastic bag around the existing unit , twist the mounting lock ring thing to disconnect the existing unit , keep everything close by for now . Unscrew , and remove the drain mounting bracket , remove/clean old putty ... and then follow the directions and hopefully it will be as easy for you as it was for me - just take your time , there 's no rush .
 This was an easy install for those with moderate skills and the ability to follow directions . You should feel comfortable with doing electrical work -LRB- however , not a lot of skill required -RRB- . The plug -LRB- which should have been included -RRB- was sold separately . I salvaged the cord and plug from my old disposal unit , first making sure that it was compatible with the larger amperage required for the new garbage disposal.The machine is well baffled and its operation is relatively silent . The 4 year in house repair -LRB- parts and labor -RRB- sounds excellent . I doubt that with the quality of the product that that will be necessary.I did a slow but full quality install plus removed the old Whirlpool garbage disposal in about one hour start to finish .
 The Insinkerator Evolution is a very quiet and robust disposal . We had an older lower HP one that practically shook the kitchen when we used it . Ear protection might also have been a good idea . This one is incredibly quiet and was easy to install . At 3/4 HP , it will take just about anything you throw at it.Be sure to buy the cord kit too because it does n't come with any form of electrical cord . You can buy them on Amazon or at Home Depot . Since I forgot to get it , I went to Home Depot . Expensive disposal compared with its cheaper cousin -LRB- but much less at Amazon -RRB- but worth the money .
 Noise level is much lower , nice replacement ! I hope this one lasts longer than the original one , though . It was a straight swap from a Badger XP5 .
 Length :
 Looked at several garbage disposers at brick and mortar stores . Once we settled on the one we wanted , we realized that Amazon 's price could not be beat . It delivered in two days and my husband and I installed it . It was a replacement disposer so electrical and plumbing was already in place . Old disposer was an Insinkerator Badger 1/3 hp which had never been up to par.The most difficult part was removing the old disposer . The screws that held the collar in place had become loose over time so when we tried to twist the collar to remove the old disposer , everything turned . Once we realized the problem and tightened the screws , the old one came off easily . New one was easy to install . Just took a little time and patience . The old one was hard wired in so we had to wire the new one while under the sink which was a bit cumbersome . No electrical wires come with the new one , so if you are doing a new install , you will need to purchase wiring . I recommend getting one with a plug on it and installing an outlet under your sink . It will make the job simpler.Disposer is amazingly quiet . We were shocked at how quiet it is compared to the old disposer . So far it has taken everything we have put in it without any problem .
 What can I say about a disposer that I have only had for a month ? Of course i could say negative things if those were true , but I have nothing negative to say yet . In this case , the InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Disposer has lived up to its billing so far . As usual the shipping and support were great . Packaging on this was good . The shipping box was a little banged up , but the inner contents were well protected , and everything looked great when i opened the box . This comes with all the pieces you need to install it new except the plumbers putty . You will need your own tools of course . It was as most people said easy to install , the hardest part being getting the old disposer out . I chose to go the easy route and not remove the drain and mounts , so this basically just twisted on to the old mount . I really wanted the look of the new product , but i probably saved a couple hours by not doing that , including the trip to the store for plumbers putty . I did need the power cord attachment which i purchased for a great price and installed very easily.Once installed , this has run quietly and efficiently to date . I have been impressed with the power . The other day i ground some stuff and it was almost as if i had not put anything in . Pretty different from the old one , which seemed like it was working really hard to grind up anything a bit challenging.All in all , I am extremely pleased with the InSinkErator products so far . For less than $ 200 , I have a new installed disposer , with fresh power connections , and no leaks . It runs strong and quiet , and my woman could not be more pleased with me as well ! How do you go wrong with that ?!?
 It is extremely quiet when running -- almost sounds like it is not working but it is . Quick for our plumber to put in as we do n't mess with anything water-related .
 This unit is really quiet and works great . At first I did n't believe it was working because my old one sounded like a bulldozer in the sink , and this one makes very little noise ! I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 After spending almost two weeks shopping around online and at local brick and mortar , I decided upon this unit.After getting the unit , I could have just attached it to the old sink set-up , but I wanted to install all the new parts . So , after getting it all ripped apart I realized I was missing plumbers putty . After a quick trip to the hardware store and $ 2 later , got the whole thing installed . The directions were pretty good . There were terms that the average person may or may not know . BUT , w/o issue I got it installed , checked for leaks and passed with flying colors.I purchased the garbage disposer in March , and have had it running for 6 months now . It is amazingly quite . If nothing is i in it and having water running , you ca n't even hear that it 's on . I could n't call this compact , as what I had was n't a compact unit and was roughly the same size . But , that part I did n't do research on.I highly recommend you pick this product up , if you 're in the market .
 The smaller 1/4 HP InSinkErator that came with our house broke after 5 years . The replacement Evolution Compact 3/4 HP was easily installed into the old fittingsand it only makes about 25 percent of the noise of the old one . Amazon was least expensive . We are very satisfied with this model so far .
 This disposal was purchased to replace an older model which had seized up . Everything in installing this disposal went smoothly . There were no instructions included in the package , so I had to look them up online . I contacted Insinkerator and they sent me a copy of the book to have for reference . Regardless , the instructions were straight forward and easy to follow.I did reuse the power chord from the old unit , which was a very easy swap . I chose to replace the flange and mount because the wife likes nice , new , and shiny things . Actually , I went and bought a new drain flange for the other sink as well . Since I had the tools and putty handy right there , it went well and only took a couple of extra minutes . For $ 12 at the local hardware store , the second flange was well worth it to have both sides looking nice and new.Regarding the unit itself , it works fine . About as loud as our older model , which is not a bad thing . I 'd say loud enough to know that it 's running and working .
 Seems to be of good quality and works just fine . Install was easy ; included directions are easy to follow . No complaints .
 This product was extremely easy to install . I was replacing an InSinkErator , so that made it easier . With the wiring , it took me approximately 20 minutes . This is a newer and more powerful disposal than the last one . I was surprised that it was so quiet . When I flipped the switch to start the disposal , I did n't think it was running until I turned the water off that was running into the sink .
 Bought this to replace a 6 year old Badger 5 that came with the house . It had some rust at the top -LRB- under the sink -RRB- , and it had developed a vibration that was getting progressively worse . Once I got the Badger out , I discovered the so called plumbers or whoever put the last one in forgot a gasket , hence the rust . It is also it is tight under the sink due to poor planning , so I had to take the plumbing out to put the new one in . This Evolution Compact fit in just fine , and is a much nicer unit than the Badger . Very quiet , nicer looking , and appears to be of better quality construction/material than the Badger . Well worth the extra money .
 I have had a great experience with every InSinkErator product that I have used over the past twenty-plus years and the Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Food Waste Disposal just purchased through AMAZON.COM continues the tradition . The unit is very quiet and provides all the grinding power need to do the job at hand . The parent company , Emerson Electric , has been one of America 's great design and manufacturing institutions for many years . The product I just purchased , in my opinion , continues the great history Emerson began over one hundred years ago .
 We have had InSinkErator disposals most of our lives . The old one died here recently so we got this one to replace it . Well , let me tell you about how quiet this new disposible has become !!! It is so quiet that I am afraid that down the road I may forget I have it on and may walk away ! Yikes , I hope not but just want everyone to know that the InSinkErator is now super quiet and works like a charm but then , it always has been a work horse . If you do n't have one now , we know you will love to have one in your future . : o -RRB-
 Upgraded from an ISE Badger 5 and this thing is awesome . Super quiet , and no backup into the adjacent sink basin when compartment is full . Installation was quite a bit easier than I expected . Be sure to buy the power cord separately , as well as the awesome air button switch that can mount in a countertop hole .
 The item itself works like a charm . It functions fully as a garbage disposal , and it 's also VERY QUIET . This is by far the quietest garbage disposal I 've ever had.As for the order/shipping process , I was provided a tracking number shortly after purchase and the item arrived per the arrival date on the tracking website , so no complaints there .
 Received product promptly , Directions to install were fairly easy to follow , only needed small amount of assistance . Very quiet compared to the Pro model that I replaced . I like the removable ? baffle that can be cleaned instead of a permanently fixed one that is inserted at the end .
 We had an InSinkErator garbage disposal before and were happy with it . It was 1/2 HP and did not do well with potato peelings ! -LRB- not a pretty site when the drain stopped up -RRB- Decided this time to get `` more power '' and now the potato peels are gone with no problem ... PLUS . . it is so quiet ! Love the quiet ! Much less noise than our prior model . My husband and son installed it with no problem . -LRB- easy for me to say ! -RRB- We 're very happy with this model .
 The disposal in our house finally gave its last a few months ago . Read a lot of reviews and settled on this model . Installation was really easy -LRB- this coming from a guy who 's `` Handy Man '' skill set rates really , REALLY low on the scale ! -RRB- and the operation is whisper quiet . Highly recommended , you wo n't be sorry . Take a deep breath , add it to your cart and relax . You 're gon na love this thing !
 Recieved in time and installation was fairly easy -LRB- what you would expect -RRB- . Installed in a new solid copper sink with a copper collar that was purchased seperately from the sink to match.When you turn it it , the water running almosts masks all of the sound of the disposal . When no water is running , you almost cant tell it is even running . Of course , you must run cold water while using it . It does the job VERY well . Its size makes the the underside of the seek more roomy for soaps , etc.Very happy , high quality , quiet operation . Solid product .
 About which disposer to purchase this is the model you will want . You may have to pay a little more but in the long run you will be happy . It is very quiet , easy to install -LRB- if you know your way around a sink -RRB- , and powerful .
 BE CAREFUL!The InSinkErator Evolution is so quiet when it is runningthat you may forget that it is ON . Very smooth operationand NO noise ...
 We had a Badger model originally but it either froze up on something or died . It was really loud too . This one is a little more expensive but has a nice warranty and is very quiet . Everything came in the box to install the unit . The ring for the sink is a chrome color and has the companies logo on it -LRB- which I like , just in case someone wonders what is in the hole -RRB- . It helps to have a second hand if your not a seasoned plumber or handyman . The unit is a bit heavy but not saying it is a minus -LRB- the old unit was heavy also -RRB- . The unit is very quiet -LRB- coming from having a Badger serious without insulation -RRB- and cuts through ice quickly so I 'm sure it will handle other things without issue . I would suggest this to others .
 This was a replacement to a 1/3hp Cheap , cheap , cheap GE that came with the house . Easier to install , quiet and eats up waste with no issues .
 Much quieter than our previous disposal , easily installed , smooth operation . Just what you would want in this sort of appliance .
 We installed the InSinkErator Evolution Compact in 2006 , and it 's still going strong . It 's nice to have an appliance that just works , and you never have to think about it . The initial installation was a breeze , replacing the original disposal from when the house was built , but it really shined recently on a kitchen remodel . I just had new granite counter tops installed , which included a new under-counter sink . Every project seems to take longer than expected , or there 's something that does n't work quite right . But removing the Evolution disposal from the old sink and re-installing it on the new sink could n't have been easier ! The disposal works as well as the day it was first installed years ago , is still quiet and handles whatever we throw at it without fail . It 's had normal household use and I do n't have any reason to think it wo n't continue to meet our needs . I initially wondered if we should have purchased a larger model , but I like that this does n't take up a huge chunk of my under counter storage , and I really do n't think we 've ever needed the extra capacity or hp . This has been more than sufficient for our busy household which includes teenagers and lots of cooking , and lots of disposing . I heartily recommend this disposal .
 I Purchased 2 of InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Food Waste DisposerAnd I had mount one of them and then it is not so badThe other one , I gave it to my parents but not installed it yet ... Anyways I think I like them ...
 Just installed this so havent had time to put it through its paces . That being said installation wasnt too difficult and its quiet . No comparison to the 15 year old Badger it replaced . Bought this because of the number of 5/4 star reviews
 This is my second InSinkErator , the first was the 5/8 HP model in a different home , which worked great . This 3/4 HP model does n't break a sweat no matter what we throw at it ! Not only does it work well , my wife is very pleased at how quiet it sounds with just water or with a full load of potato peelings.The first 5/8 HP model cost more than this one here on Amazon , the first one I purchased at Lowe 's , this 3/4 HP model is well over $ 200 at Lowe 's , buy it here and save some bucks ! Easy to install , had to cut the connecting tube from the other sink about 3/4 &#34; to make it fit right , be sure and use plumbers putty where it connects to the inside of the sink , keeps the drips away ; &#62; -RRB-
 I had an older 1 HP Insinkerator in our kitchen which was noisy and the rubber seal had worn out making it noisier . What a difference this new one made . It is very quiet and efficient , capable of grinding just about everything . I installed it myself , and the hardest part was to get it to lock to the ring . Once locked finishing the installation was a snap .
 This turned out to be a great deal and the disposal is pretty quiet not to mention it grinds everything well .
 We have had many disposals in our 45 + years , this is by far the best ! It is quiet , and quickly disposes of the &#34; stuff &#34; we load it with . A nice addition to our new SS double sink .
 I really like this disposer . It was easy to install had everything I needed to replace a 1/4 hp broken 17 year old InSinkErator . It is very quite , grinds just about anything you put in it , it is Made in America a big plus to me . All in all I would recommend this to anyone needing a very good disposer for a fair price .
 Surprisingly quiet . With water running , and no scraps being ground , one can not even hear it running . Very pleased with performance -LRB- have been using it about 4 months -RRB- .
 We have had this item for two years Does a great job and is very quiet Would recommend for everyone
 I 've had this for about a week so do not have a lot of experience with how well it works . However , it is extremely quiet . You can barely hear it from across the room . I gave it 4 stars because I did not find it to be compact in size as the description suggests . It is much larger than the last one & the plumber had to make some adjustments to the disposal to get it to fit . Now my garbage can barely fits next to it . I think I will be happy with it & do recommend it if it fits you space .
 I recently replaced both garbage disposers at home from the InSinkErator Badger -LRB- pretty much the default for all home builders -RRB- to the InSinkErator Evolution . The Badger , though works and performs , has some quality issues and are known to stop working after 4 or 5 years . One of mine gave up , so I knew it was time to replace them . I went with Amazon as it was about $ 70 cheaper than Home Depot . They arrived quickly and installation was quite easy . I chose to replace the sink drain that holds the disposer as I enjoy home projects and wanted to spend the extra time to make it brand new , but if you already have a InSinkErator you can actually mount the new unit in the same drain mount you already have.Pros : more powerful than the badgera lot quieter than the Badger . I could n't believe it was on and runningrelatively easy installationcan reuse drain mount and drain from other InSinkErator unitsCons : Need to buy the power plug as the unit does n't include oneA little bigger than the badger . If you have limited space below your sink , make sure to measure
 Installation of the InSinkErator Evolution Compact was simple and reasonably quick -LRB- about 1-1 .5 hours including replacement of all mounting hardware and sink flanges -RRB- . The unit is whisper quiet and my only regret is having lived with my vibrating and noisy unit for two years before making the switch . This is a great unit with all the right features in a compact size .
 The finest disposer I 've owned so far ... reasons for 5 stars - 1 -RRB- stainless-steel grind components , 2 -RRB- it really is MUCH quieter than `` regular '' disposers , 3 -RRB- plenty of power - 3/4 hp , 4 -RRB- Made in USA , 5 -RRB- it looks nice compared to `` other '' disposers . I know appearance really is n't that important ! However , it really does look nicer . 6 -RRB- It has a 4 year in-home warranty . Do yourself a favor and do n't be cheap when getting a disposer , insist on stainless steel . My old disposer was not and it was showing signs of some rot . You will probably be as amazed as I was at how quiet this thing is ... This model is the smallest in the evolution line . I 'm willing to bet the other larger models are just as great .
 you might not realize it is on.I purchased this disposer as a replacement for an inexpensive GE 1/3 hp unit . So , what are the things that are useful to someone shopping for a new garbage disposal?INSTALLATION - The instructions were straight forward and easy to follow . I needed to replace the entire assembly , unlike some of the others , I was able to secure the flange and collar without assistance from anyone else . I was easily able to reuse the wiring from the previous disposer , it would have been nice if the wire nuts were supplied , but I had plenty of my own . The only issue I had during installation was attaching the unit to the collar , it is fairly heavy and working in a confined space , twisting the collar was difficult.QUALITY - As many of the other reviews have stated , the unit is well designed and appears to be of high quality . The collar and plumbing attachment are rubber , greatly reducing the vibrations that are transmitted to the sink and plumbing.OPERATION - Overall , the sound level and smooth operation are simply unmatched compared to any other unit I 've experienced . We have thrown all sorts of challenges at the compact , just to see what happens and it continues to amaze.As I stated at the beginning of the review , once it is empty , you 'd be hard pressed to know it was on , so enjoy , and be careful .
 Although I bought from Home Depot -LRB- same $ as online -RRB- locally -LRB- 5 minutes from house -RRB- I will still give my thoughts . I use the reviews seriously when buying product . I read some good and bad . After buying this and installing it I think the ones who gave bad reviews are morons . First this is the quietest disposal I ever heard . The person who reviewed as noisy certainly did not install it properly . The one lady who could n't hold it up and used a car jack to do so deserves some credit for using her brain because I did the same thing as not to struggle . I took my time and used all the suggestions and it is still running great . The old disposal was a InSinkEator but a lower model and was all rusted , only 9 years old . Hopefully this one will last a lot longer . Great purchase ! Read all the reviews and take the good with the bad . Sometimes you have to use your brain .
 After my InSinkErator 444 decided it was finished after about 5 years , I wanted to replace it with something similar that would hopefully outlast its predecessor . This model had the same horsepower and a 6 year in-home warrantee . The mount to the sink was the same as the old one so I saw no reason to change it so I did n't . The only real curveball in the installation was the `` discharge pipe . '' It 's the thing that comes out of the side of the disposal and makes a 90 degree turn into the the waste trap . The one provided had a different flared end on it than the one I had so I was going to use the one they provided except it was too short . The old one screwed on , the new one went on with a hose clamp . After trying an extension on the provided pipe that was too wide , I decided to modify my one by taking a hack-saw to the flare . The flare used to be sort of arrow shaped and now it was just a raised ridge to keep the hose clamp from sliding off . I 'm guessing the change was done to limit the noise from the hard connection to a soft one . I will say this , it is a lot more quiet . When the 444 died , all it would do was hum and then pop its internal circuit breaker . When I fired up the new one , I heard the same sort of hum but it was running . As far as the grinding up goes , it seems to be about the same . One thing that is nice , is the rubber trap on top is replaceable without pulling the whole sink apart to do it . If it lasts , I love it . If it dies after 5 years again , I will not try another .
 I was going to buy the Badger and then a friend and a few good reviews convinced me that this would work for our house . It was a great decision . I ca n't believe how quiet the unit is -- I 've only recently stopped looking to see if it actually is working . A disposal wo n't change your life , but I have to say this has been one of my better purchases of the year !
 Easy enough to install , I have installed them before which helps . Instructions are fine . The actual disposer operation is very quite .
 This is by far the best garbage disposer I have ever used . I had to replace my old disposer after 10 years of use . I was so used to the old one being so loud that when i got this one , I could not believe the difference . You can actually carry on a conversation when you use this disposer . Not like my last one . I would recommend it to any one .
 Typical installation by myself 1 year ago , no problems . It is quiet but not as quiet as some have suggested .
 It 's so Quiet , I love it . Needed professional installer but once up and running iwe use this product almost daily .
 Easy to install when instructions are followed . Extremely quiet to operate . I would highly recommend this product to all . Great value .
 This is one pretty quiet disposal . Of course , it 's my first `` new '' disposal , but I am certainly not complaining about the noise . It does it 's work well . It was really heavy , but installing was easy if you have basic knowledge of connecting drain pipes to it . It took me roughly two hours as this was the first time I 've even done a Garbage Disposal install .
 I replaced the badger 5 with the evolution compact . What a difference in sound and vibration . I recommend this unit for a home user . All stainless steel organs .
 Very quiet and powerful . Some plumbing skills to install but be adventurous . So quiet when running without water or ready to be disposed items inside it the hard of hearing may not realize the disposal is operating . If you are hard of hearing try out the disposal and if you can not hear it when it is running purcase a lighted on/off switch for the wall switch . One unrelated observation - if you go to the hardware store for plumbing fittings know your fractions and inches since I found few employees who could find the correct fitting sizes . Be patient .
 This is the quietest garbage disposer I 've ever owned . Big props to the designers . It is very powerful , also , and does the job like no other .
 I recently bought a new Kohler Task Center Pro -LRB- see separate review -RRB- and wanted 2 new Insinkerators for each of the basins . These units are so quiet that it is very hard to tell if they are even on ! Highly , highly recommend !
 I am completely happy with this disposal . It was easy to install , it looks and feels solid , it works beautifully , and it really is quiet . Unless something solid is in there , you may not really hear it very much at all , which is a good thing . Highly recommended .
 My old garbage disposer &#34; roared &#34; ... this one merely &#34; whispers &#34; ! And it 's super fast . Very impressed and would recommend to small households .
 Great product , easy directions and installation . Still getting used to how quiet it is ! I expect it to last as well as my last InSinkErator -- 13 years !
 Have installed 2 of these garbage disposers . It is quite solid , a bit heavier than many -LRB- most DIY'ers will need an extra hand attaching the disposer to the mounting ring -RRB- , but installs VERY straightforward . If you have space limitations under your sink , this is probably the disposer for you . Most importantly , it grinds food VERY well and is SUPER QUIET . Definitely a different generation of disposer .
 There are several Insinkerator units to choose from . I burnt up a small Badger and replaced it with the 3/4HP Evolution Compact which I purchased for $ 160 at Home Depot . This unit came with everything except the power cord which I removed from the old unit . Removing the old unit and installing the new one took 1 hour . Read the easy to follow instructions carefully and you 'll have no problems . This unit is quiet and works wonderfully . As a side note be sure to purchase new plumbers puddy . I highly recommend this unit .
 I purchased this product at Home Depot . It was less expensive than Amazon and Lowes . The old disposal came out easily . The instructions that come with the product are pretty good . Make sure you purchase the power cable kit . The unit does not come with a power cable . This is the biggest issue I had because my old disposal was wired directly into the switch on the wall and the wiring went behind the sink . Unless you ripped the back of the sink off , you were n't getting to this wiring . So I installed the power cable kit , cut off the power plug and spliced the new wires to the wires coming from the wall switch . Overall the installation follows the instructions well . If you have a tight under the sink area , it is a bit difficult getting the disposal to line up with the quick install ring . I had to get my wife to help hold the unit steady while I twisted the ring . It took a few times , but we got it in the end . One area of improvement the manufacturer could make is to increase the length of the rubber fitting used to connect to your water pipe . There is not much room for the clamp to fit on the pipe . In the end , you can install this yourself . The unit is much quieter than the old one we had .
 After reading numerous posts about garbage disposals , this is the one I picked . So far , I am glad I did . It was easy to install and it really is as quiet as people have claimed . I would not say I ca n't hear it going , but , yes , it is very quiet . One thing no one mentioned . The connection from the disposal to the waste tubing is different from older units . Instead on screwing on , it has a piece of PVC which fits into a rubber sleeve and is held on by a metal ring which compresses when squeezed and fits snug . What they means is that you ca n't unscrew the old PVC and re-connect . I had to go and buy additional parts to connect to my drain system . Not hard , but it entailed a trip to the hardware store . If your old system was screwed to the waste piping , expect to do the same .
 It 's been a while since I purchased this thing and I just got around to installing it last weekend . I had some old crappy disposer in there before so it took me a while to figure out how to get the old one out of there . Once , I was able to do that though , the instructions explained it pretty well . It took me about 30-45 minutes overall and I had never done anything like this before . I also had to trim the drain pipe to fit.One thing worth noting is that I bought the Insinkerator brand power cable kit from Amazon as well . It took me a couple minutes to figure out which wire on the power cable was hot and which was neutral . But I 'm a dude so of course the last thing I did was read the instructions . They are n't color coded so make sure you look at the instructions for the cable itself to figure out which one is which.Got it working on the first try , no leaks . Runs like a champ and was a lot easier to install than I thought it would be .
 I HAVE ALWAYS BOUGHT THE CHEAPER DISPOSALS IN THE PAST , AND THEY WORKED , BUT AFTER INSTALLING THE INSINKERATOR 3/4 HP , I NOW SEE THE DIFFERENCE . EVEN THOUGH THIS ONE IS N'T THE TOP OF THE PRODUCT LINE , IT IS MUCH QUIETER AND DEFINITELY SEEMS STRONGER THAN WHAT I HAVE HAD . THE INSTALL WAS VERY EASY AND FAST , EXCEPT FOR HAVING TO WORK UNDER AND IN A SINK CABINET .
 I am just a new home owner whose old rusty Badger 1 died after trying to dispose of thanksgiving scraps . What a piece of junk that thing is . I went out next day and bought the Evolution Compact 3/4 HP from HD and all I can say is WOW ! It handles a load of potato skins in a flash . This is a serious disposal . You get what you pay for , and in this case you get a beast that can gobble up kitchen scraps with no problem .
 I purchased this item to replace a Badger 1 -LRB- made by the same company -RRB- after 12 years of very light use . It 's quite heavy and is packaged intelligently with very little waste save the box itself and the Styrofoam packaging.The instructions are excellent and the 26 steps will take you anywhere from 1-2 hours depending on your exact needs during installation.Physically , the unit looks much stouter than the old Badger . I do n't know if this is just `` packaging '' or whether or not it 's actually better.A few notes on installation :1 -RRB- You need to purchase plumber 's putty , about $ 1.50 at the hardware store2 -RRB- My installation was hardwired , so I had to reuse the strain relief from the old badger . This was an additional 30 seconds of work . If you have an under-counter outlet , you 'll need to reuse the cord from the old disposal3 -RRB- Some here have complained of the difficulty of getting the Evolution to match up and lock on the flanges , I had no such trouble , mine locked up right away .4 -RRB- You 'll need a helper to replace the sink mount when you put the ring into place . The instructions themselves suggest using the disposal to hold the sink ring in place . That might work.My family notices that it 's much more quiet , although I do n't notice the difference . It is not night and day as some have suggested.Overall the unit is quieter , the installation instructions are good , and the 4-year inhouse warranty convinced me this was the correct one to get , as I would prefer this to be my last disposal in this house.I 'm giving this 5 stars on the basis of good overall construction and instructions . I ca n't tell you much about it 's durability since it 's brand new , but I expect it to be better than the Badger .
 Like someone else said , installation would have been a lot simpler if it came with a connected power cord & plug - but what the heck , it 's in and operational . : -RRB- It may be a little late to be concerned about this , but is Amazon an authorized Insinkerator reseller ??? If not , Insinkerator wo n't honor the warranty !
 Easy as 1-2-3
 Bought the compact 3/4 HP to replace an insinkerator compact 1/2 HP . The old one lasted nearly 8 years , out living the 5 year warranty . The install was really easy , much to my surprise . I could have used the old sink ring/mounting brackets and saved some additional effort and time , but the new model had a much nicer stainless steel drain ring so I decided to replace everything . I did solicit the help of my wife to help get the unit properly aligned with the mounting ring . The unit I replaced was shorter so I had to do some minor adjustments to the plumbing , but it was minimal . The new unit is extremely quiet too . I highly recommend this upgrade .
 I had an InSinkErator prior to this one . The last one was more powerful and reversed . This works almost as well for a lot less money . If this had the reverse function I 'd give it five stars ... I was tempted to do that anyway .
 I replaced my garbage disposal when I installed a new sink . This thing is super quiet , it 's hard to tell it 's on . I could n't be happier . One thing I ca n't figure out is why they do n't put the power cord on at the factory . Instead , you will need to buy this separately for the install .
 This thing is schweeeeettt . . but it , it is awesome ! I do n't know how we lived without it before . It has no problems getting through the tough stuff and is very quit and quick . Anything larger might be overkill . Also , very easy to install .
 This disposal was so easy to install . I was replacing an existing disposal that died . It took about 30 minutes . This disposal is so quiet . I am very impressed . I got it from Amazon.com for much less than Lowes . I recieved it in two days with standard shipping . What is not to love about that !
 This is a very quiet disposal , and has taken everything we 've stuffed down it with aplomb . Its compact size works nicely in our small kitchen and cabinets .
 Just finished installing . Was a lot easier than I expected . First , I had to remove my old disposal which I had done in less than 15 minutes . I had thought the installation of the new would be more difficult . Followed the directions -LRB- also watched an install video on YouTube -RRB- and it was a piece of cake . Only thing was , I needed my son to help me mount the disposal because I do n't have a lot of upper body strength and just finishing pt for a torn rotator cuff . With him holding it up , I was able to turn the collar and lock it in to place . Have to admit that it 's not as quiet as I thought it would be , but I 'm blaming that on having a low end stainless steel sink . But it works and that 's what matters to me . All in all I have to say that I 'm pleased with the whole purchase and Amazon is the greatest !
 This disposal is very easy to install , particularly if you are also installing a new sink . It is very , very quiet , even when grinding lobster shells and citrus rinds . Highly recommended !
 I installed this disposer several months ago in my last home.I liked it so much that I purchased and installed one in the new home I have since moved into . Installation was easy relative to other brands I have had . The unit is VERY quiet and has no trouble handling heavy throughput . Based on my early experience , I believe the 3/4 HP is sufficient for a residential application although I know that InSinkerator makes heavier units -LRB- why , I 'm not sure -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 This works very well and easy to install . Performs as promised and does not shake and make load noises . In my experience I recommend this to anyone .
 Works great - very quiet , very easy to install . Fast shipment and product exactly as ordered .
 Easy to install , quiet , does the job.This was a replacement unit and I 'm pleased with it.The old one died and I questioned whether I wanted to wait for this one to ship . So , I priced the identical disposal at the chain store and opted to place the order . It arrived much faster than the shipping date estimate and I installed it the same day.I 'm happy to have a disposal again . I do compost most fruit or vegetable waste and the disposal takes care of the rest .
 It is a nice item this is my 2nd one and it was an easy install . The 1st one gave me good service , I expect the same from this one .
 Install was simple . I had a contractor grade InsinkErator that I was replacing and was able to use that mount to install this unit . This unit is MUCH quieter than my old unit and the performance is significantly better . I have already recommended it to others - one of whom has already installed it and they are very happy with it as well . So far -LRB- I 've only had it installed for a little over a month -RRB- , it 's easily worth a five star rating .
 This Waste Disposer really is good stuff and was an easy snap to install . I had it installed with in 30 mins .
 I needed/wanted a more compact disposer and did n't want the noise of the cheaper models . I chose this unit based on reputation and reviews . I sure was n't let down ! I mounted the Evolution to a 9 '' deep undermounted 16-gauge stainless sink . The hookup was not difficult
 Installed it about 2 months ago . If you currently have an Insinkerator , they best thing about them is that they are universal with themselves ! We took the old one out and used the same fitting connected to the sink to mount the new disposal . It took about an hour or so to install , but it 's one of those things where once you 've installed it one time , the next time it could be done in 15 minutes . I would recommend this to anyone . It 's a little pricey over the cheaper models , but I 've found that it works like a champ and is much , much quieter than my previous Insinkerator .
 This unit is very quiet , and very effective at making food waste disappear ! I purchased it to replace a very old no-name disposer that had failed miserably . The Evolution Compact was very easy to install in it 's place . The only thing required that was n't in the box is stainless putty , used to seal the top ring against a metal sink . After installation , I was stunned at how quiet this unit was . It was installed on a very cheap sink attached to a very cheap counter , and the vibration is virtually nonexistent even when it is grinding food up.The one thing I do have to note is that despite the ` compact ' name , this unit is much larger than most no-name 1/3HP disposers that typically are pre-installed for homes or condos . I can not fault it for this , but if you are like me and value your under-sink space you will have to sacrifice some for the power and efficiency of this unit .
 My old ISE with 1/3 hp started leaking after 12 years , I decided to replace it with this fancy unit . It claimed to be quiet , has more hp -LRB- which I do n't really care as I do n't dump everything down the sink and grind them up -RRB- . The installation was pretty straight forward , almost a direct replacement . If I did n't have to replace the sink drain flange , it would have taken me less than 15 minutes.Pros
 I purchased the InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Food Waste Disposer and am very happy with the product . Very strong , durable and works well with no problems . It operates quitely and comes highly recommended from consumer report .
 And in a good way!After an unfortunate encounter with fish-tank gravel , our last Insinkerator needed replacing . It was only 7 years old , but was very loud . I chose this one hoping it would be a smidge quieter.You know that horrible ` dead ' noise your old disposal made when it 's jammed ? That 's the sound this one makes when it 's working ! How great is that ? It handles everything from egg shells to bread to chicken so fast , and is silent.The new flange for the sink is kind of ridgid - I really have to go after stuff with a knife to get it down the hole - but that 's okay . It will soften up over time.We ended up being able to use the power cord from the old Insinkerator unit . This new one also fit into the existing sink mount , so we did n't have to bother with putty or anything like that . The pipe fitting going into the disposal was at a different angle . We ended up cutting a few inches off of the pipe and it worked out just fine.Delivery was , as always , a breeze . I 'm so glad I did n't have to schlep to Home Depot and deal with that whole ordeal . Yeah , we did n't have a disposal for two days , but eh.All in all , a great product , a good price , and easy installation . Love it !
 I 'm a first time homeowner and I installed it with no problem . The instructions are very clear . If you have a previous InSinkErator , the installation can be even faster because you do n't have to install the top portion of the disposal . However , I went ahead and did it anyways because I liked how the new logo looks in the sink . The compact design really came in handy for my tight sink space . The best part is that it is really quiet -LRB- as far as garbage disposals go -RRB- . Finally , the four year warranty is a great benefit .
 I bought this to replace a 17-year old 1/2 hp insinkerator with a broken shaft . I am very pleased with its powerful motor and quietness.Two things caused me to only give it a four star ; both are not related to the product itself . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The new unit did not come with the large diameter rubber washer that is supposed to go between the mounting fixture and the bottom of the sink . I have to re-use the one that came out of the old unit . The purpose of the washer is to provide padding so as to prevent damage to the sink when the three fixture bolts are tightened . I do n't know why Insinkerator would skimp on something so inexpensive . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I did the installation myself . To raise the unit up so that the top is sufficiently up against the rubber opening , I had to use a scissor jack . The instruction manual should have included this as a suggestion.Some complained about the need to do electical wiring . I do not find this to be a problem or a nuisance.Overall , the new unit is excellent .
 I needed to replace a very old and leaking Badger 1 disposal . I thought that buying this higher quality unit would last longer than the Badger 5 I was also considering . I was impressed with the quality of the Evolution unit and the stainless steel blades . The installation instructions were very good . I also recommend watching several DIY disposal instruction videos available on Youtube -LRB- not created by Insinkerator -RRB- that should help make the installation go very smoothly . My old Badger 1 sounded like a stump grinder compared to the Evolution . It 's so quiet it 's unbelievable !! Also , all InSinkErator disposals are made in the USA !!
 My Badger 5 started leaking and chose the Evolution Compact for its replacement.Pros : a -RRB- The Evolution uses the identical mount as the Badger . -LRB- Possibly all brands do -RRB- . I did not want to re-putty the sink.b -RRB- It is powerful.c -RRB- It looks great under the sink.d -RRB- The enclosed installation directions are clear . I 'm a Joe with a wrench and I could install it.Cons : a -RRB- It is n't as quiet as I hoped it would be . It is slightly quieter than the Badger 5 it replaces.b -RRB- There is no electrical cord . The cord must be taken from your previous unit for use on the Evolution Compact.c -RRB- Price . There are disposal units out there that boast a lower price . Companies these days tend to use cheaper materials to attain the lower price point . I hope they 've used long-lasting materials which is a factor that is difficult to reflect on a feature list .
 I bought this disposer from Home Depot for about the same price Amazon has it . I decided to buy this because it was n't a badger , and was a little more expensive then the badgers . I figured it 's more money , soooo must be good . I do n't know squat about disposers but do know the one in my new condo was old , LOOOOOUUUDDDD , and the whole damn sink shook when it ran.The installation was simple thanks to the included instructions , everything fit like a glove ... hoping its like that for everyone . After it was installed I let it run and let me tell you , it was literally music to my ears.This disposer is extremely quiet compared to every other disposer I have ever seen , and used . My neighbor next door came over and asked me sarcastically , `` Do you think you could have bought something louder '' , and laughed , he was amazed . I love it and would totally ... in fact HIGHLY suggest anyone looking for a new disposer to buy this one , you will NOT be disappointed .
 My new house came with a kitchen garbage disposer . It was probably a real cheap one -LRB- I do n't remember the brand -RRB- and it lasted about ten years . I replaced it with a InSinkErator model of the same size -LRB- 1/2 horsepower -RRB- and it worked well for a couple decades . However , a couple years ago we remodeled the kitchen , and that included replacing the sink . At the time , we decided to replace our aging InSinkErator also , even though there was nothing wrong with it . I was pleased enough with the brand that I only was looking at a new replacement of the same type . However , the clerk suggested the newer 3/4 horsepower Compact Evolution model , which he said was much more efficient and quieter than the one I was looking at . His argument was convincing . I bought the 3/4 horsepower Compact Evolution Disposer.This InSinkErator Compact Evolution model is much better than the older 1/2 horsepower model , in every way . It 's more expensive , to be sure , but well worth it . One of the more impressive aspects of this model is the quietness . I was amazed when we first started using it . Operation of the disposer has been flawless . I 've only had one problem and that was probably my fault . I fed a batch of potato peelings into it so fast that it clogged the `` U '' drainage pipe under the disposer and I had to remove the pipe to unclog it . I 'm more careful nowadays.This InSinkErator disposer is a fine product . It 's been trouble free for two years and we anticipate no problems in the future . It was easy to install and we love the quietness.Gary Peterson
 The installation was easy . The unit runs very quiet . A very compact unit and takes minimal space underneath the sink .
 Evolution Compact disposal from InSinkErator is so quiet and easy to install -LRB- replaced previous 20 year old InSinkErator product -RRB- . Another person commented on the poor rubber baffle design -LRB- `` the baffle requires assistance to put anything into the disposal '' -RRB- but I have found this feature a postitve . It has already saved my daughter 's ring and a random wingnut from going into the disposal . Very happy with my purchase and hope that it lasts for another 20 years : -RRB-
 Replaced an earlier Insinkerator that after thirteen years had begun to leak . Unit went in easily - detailed instructions were easy to follow . In the month that followed , no problems , and we look forward to a long usage-life . Since our house has a great room , with no walls between kitchen area and the living room area , quietness as well as power is important .
 I decided to get this disposal for my birthday for some reason . Our house is 9 years old and the GE disposal that the builder put in was loud and vibrated the hell out of the countertop when anything harder than a noodle was in it . I checked out online reviews and decided to go with ISE . I also decided to go with the Compact Evolution over the Essential or Excel due to the size.When I got the package , I was surprised at how big the disposal was . My old GE was much skinnier but taller . I was worried about putting in the small bucket of a disposal I just ordered . The old disposal was fairly easy to remove . The hardest part was removing the sink flange . After that the new Evolution was easy to install . Placing the spring clip was the most difficult part , but the instructions gave good tips to make that part easier . Overall it took me just over an hour to pull the old one out and the Evolution in . There must be a standard for disposal plumbing since everything lined up with no modifications.We 've had the Compact Evolution running for a week now and it 's been great . It is much quieter and vibrates much less than the old GE . As per the instructions , we 've been placing our food waste into the disposal to be a little `` greener '' . It still will vibrate a bit initially if you put a bunch of juiced lemons in , but it makes short work of them . The only complaint is that if the sink is filled with water , it seems to drain slower than before .
 Amazingly quiet !!! This Evolution Compact 3/4 hp ISE unit replaced an ISE model 3331/2 hp unit purchased at Price Club 17 years ago . The latter unit stood up to raising a family of six and finally quit being reliable -LRB- bearings in motor going out -RRB- . The new `` compact '' one is rated higher in power , is about the same size , and -LRB- possibly because it is attached to a cast-iron sink embedded in a tiled sink top ... -RRB- it is super quiet by comparison to its predecessor . If the radio is playing in the background and the water is turned off at the sink , you may not hear that the unit is still running.The new design of the rubber baffle in the intake throat eliminates outward splash when grinding food waste . It also absorbs a lot of the sound of food being ground up in the grinding chamber . It also is not part of the mounting gasket that seals the disposal to the drain flange . Therefore , unlike the old design , if the rubber baffle ever tears you do n't have to take apart the disposal-flange junction to replace it . You simply pull the torn baffle out from the top and put in the new one . -LRB- That easy removal feature also makes it nice for viewing the inside of the grinding chamber if you want to retrieve an object ... just lift out the baffle and go for it -RRB- The only two downsides for this unit :1 . The new rubber throat-baffle slows the passage of water from the sink into the unit and down the drain ... so if you are in a hurry it takes a few seconds longer to empty the sink . -LRB- Not really a negative for most people -RRB- 2 . The new stopper that plugs the drain flange , allowing the sink to be filled with water , is a solid plug . The one it replaced -LRB- from the 17 year old unit -RRB- had two positions
 I looked at many different disposals and was debating between the wast king and Insinkerator . The Insinkerator looked better so went with it . I just installed it last week after purchasing and was amazed by how quiet it is . It works extremely well and very happy . I was even happier when I was able to save almost 40 dollars by ordering from Amazon versus purchasing it in Home Depot or Lowes . I would definitely recommend this and if you want a little large one . They have a normal evolution but not sure its worth the extra money . It is the exact same except the size of the unit.YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !!!
 Installation was easy , almost a drop in replacement for my previous contractor-installed InSinkerator which started leaking after 11 years . This one is pretty quiet compared to the old one -LRB- Badger , definitely not an Evolution series -RRB- .
 I went from a double sink with the drain on one side , to a single sink with the drain in the center . I was concerned about being able to fit my garbage can under the sink . The Evolution Compact allows it to slide in on the side opposite the pipes and I am very happy . I have n't used it much , so I ca n't comment on performance , except that when my husband came home and turned it on , he looked at me and said , `` Does n't it work ?!! '' Well , yes , it was on , but he could n't hear it . It `` is '' very quiet !
 This was my first time installing a garbage disposal ... I 'm not a plumber , but just a reasonably-handy homeowner . This was a new installation -LRB- not replacing an existing unit -RRB- and it was easier than I could 've imagined . The instructions are very clear and detailed , and I 'm convinced that anyone who can lift it can install it.I love the fact that this is a quality model made in the USA.I can not believe how quiet it runs ... and this is not even the top-of-the-line . Note
 Old salad , egg shells , chicken bones , baby marmosets , this thing buzzes through them all like a reciprocating saw through bone ! And so much quieter than my old badger . Installation was a breeze . One star docked because the supplied sink ring was n't white like our forefathers . Would buy again !
 I love this garbage disposal . Growing up I was always wary of what to put down the sink because there was always the concern of jamming it up . My last few places had disposals where if you 'd look down inside them it 'd look like a sludgy sort of sewer -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- . When I bought my house and had to put one in , I did my research and settled on the Evolution Compact . It is fantastic.It grinds almost everything , from orange peels to stale chips to chicken carcasses -LRB- yes , you just break it up , shove it down there , and let it work its magic -RRB- . I still have not tried things like peach pits or avocado seeds , and it does struggle on the more sinewy parts of fibrous material like onions -LRB- it does n't jam , it just wo n't grind them and I have to pull them out with some tongs . Overall , though , I put just about everything I can down the disposal because it 's just so convenient.It 's also quiet and clean . Open up the little rubber deal , and it looks like brand new in there even after months of use . Past disposals always looked kind of funky and nasty , but this one keeps everything nice and clean . It 's so quiet , too -- you can barely hear it unless you 're grinding something like a thick bone.I would recommend this product to anyone in the market for one . It 's a little pricy , but you get what you pay for .
 I had this disposal installed and munching trash in under an hour . Ridiculously quiet . Friends now have garbage disposal envy . Only time will tell how all the rubber mounts hold up . If anything gives me trouble , I will be back to let you know .
 My home came with an old standard disposer which was noisy . I replaced it with a Kenmore 3/4 HP disposer which was noticeably quieter . Now this 2d replacement with the InSinkeror Evolution Compact 3/4 HP disposer is much quieter than the Kenmore .
 After installing the InSinkErator I was very pleased when my wife said that something was wrong with the unit because it was n't running . I had to prove to her that it was working properly . Installation was fairly easy because this was a replacement . Amazon was spot on as usual .
 Excellent product . Easy to install . No noise or vibration when it is on.The transaction is smooth.I received the item as it advertised.The shipment is on time and quickly .
 real easy to install woks great just hope it lasts not much more else i can say it was harder doing the survey
 Compared to the old one , the InSinkerator Evolution grinds all foods up very quickly and very quietly . Mu back no longer allows me to climb under the sink to install these things so I hired it done . He said it should take less than an hour , and it did , even though I have congestion in under-sink equipment . As advertised it is hard to hear if there is any background noise at all . We are very pleased with it.The Old Geezer in Comanche Texas
 The company that makes this item has really dialed in on compactness , quality and design as well as quiet . Other reviewers noted a few problems with which electric cord goes where , but if you buy the cord kit and CAREFULLY read the directions , it will tell you where the `` ribbed wire '' the `` green wire '' and the `` smooth wire '' on the cord kit are attached to the disposer wiring and then it is a matter of making certain the wire nut is nice and secure because over time there will be vibration and it would be bad if the nut twisted off . If you are really mechanical , you could sodder the wires before putting on the nut . But if not , two techniques about correct wire nut are
 Installation was fairly quick and easy . Instructions were straightforward , especially since I was replacing an existing unit . Operation is very quiet with no vibration . Hope it continues to operate like it does now ...
 I replaced a 1/4 hp older Disposer with the Evolution compact model . What a difference . Extremely quite and is able to didpose of food items that my older one could n't . A very good product and exceptionally quiet .
 My home warranty company AHS would not allow me to replace like for like , only same horsepower . I had a 3/4 hsp InSinkErator installed new 16 yrs ago , the allowable replacement is a WasteKing 3/4 and the plumber did not use any sealant at the sink , so it leaks like a seive . He kept saying he was a plumber . I feel like a 2nd class citizen , while paying 16 yrs for a home warranty policy . Same with their washer repairmen , I am on the 6th man and Maytag Clothers washer still does not wash thru a complete cycle . Better to do it yourself .
 Excellent , very quiet , easy to install , well worth the money , Compair to the other brands and price this is the to go .
 When we FIRST purchased this disposer - we thought it was broken because it was n't as quiet as we expected . So we verified everything was installed properly and could n't explain what was wrong . 3 weeks later after mild usage - the disposer is now SUPER quiet ! Not sure if it had some sort of break-in period , but we now LOVE how quiet it is !
 This think works fine . I had a plumber install it while the Counterops were being replaced , so I can not comment on installation . This replaced a 20 year old same brand . Noise level to me is only slightly less than the older unit . This one has a distinctly lound &#34; Click &#34; when you first turn it on . Sounds like the blades kicking into position when the centrifugal force engages . But , hey ... we only run Garbage Disposals for a few seconds a day , so noise is not a big deal to me .
 So much quieter than our old GE and working pretty well so far . We have had 1 backup that required a plunger , but other than that it is fantastic !
 After my old garbage disposal developed a crack which turned it into an under-cabinet fountain I decided that it would be a good idea to get a new disposal.I chose this model over other models mainly because I have an extra-deep kitchen sink and this is one of the shortest garbage disposals I could find . I have an extra-deep sink in my kitchen and the low distance between the bottom of my sink and this unit 's out-flow plumbing connection meant I did n't need to change any of my existing pipes.The instructions were clear and installation was fairly straightforward . I think the most difficult part was re-attaching the retaining ring and even that was n't terribly difficult.When I had the unit fully wired and installed I initially though that something had gone wrong , but it turned out that the unit was functioning perfectly and was just unbelievably quiet ! As a quick experiment I quartered a small lemon and ran it through the disposal . The disposal chewed through the lemon flawlessly ! My old disposal always had problems with lemon peels and I 'm now looking forward to never needing to fish one of those things out again.I just wish my old disposal would 've broken before Thanksgiving . Having this new disposal around would 've been a big help .
 I 've had this installed for a while and have had no problems . It is a pretty quiet unit and runs smoothly . It has never jammed up and works flawlessly .
 The disposal works well and is extremely quiet . We are very pleased . My husband installed it with ease . The only part that 's irritating is the rubber stopper in the sink that split after a few uses . The stopper also does n't allow for much water or food in which to pass freely on its own , so we are constantly opening the rubber flaps by hand .
 It 's very quiet and seems to be doing the job . The true test of a disposal is time , so we shall see !
 I had bought a new sink a Faucet nearly a year ago so putting the old , loud garbage disposal back in made no since . I looked around on the internet for about a month . I did n't want to rush it . I did my research and found the &#34; InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Garbage Disposer &#34; looked like the best buy for the money . Now to look to the best buy . Where is that going to come from , eBay , a store on the web , or Amazon . This time it was Amazon and what a deal I got , $ 141.10 delivered . I 've seen a little better , but not much.Well I finally had to do it . Our old Fauset was leaking so bad my wife put her foot down and Out the old sink came , piece of cake . The new sink is bigger on one side and deeper . Lets just say that the easiest part was installing the disposal after the sink finally got installed . It so quiet now the cats do n't get scared when it get turned on . One of the reasons why it 's so quiet is the rubber piece that fits in between the disposal and the sink fits in there pretty good . So good it slows the water when draining , but it 's has n't caused any problems .
 Everything I expected . Easy to install and extremely quite compared to my badger . The rubber catch I the sink has a smaller whole which makes water drain slower .
 The unit is compact enough to fit easily under the sink and it is much quieter than the older unit we replaced .
 This is a great product . It was easy to install by myself -LRB- with a little help -RRB- and is so quite . Wonderfull !
 Arrived promptly . Very easy install , replacing an old Insinkerator . Very , very quiet . Grinds very well . Would buy again . Quality product .
 InSinkErator is the only brand I buy . Have had good luck with it . Just as expected , good quality and price . Arrived quickly and packaged well .
 It is a replacement and is much better and quieter than the previous one . I personally , think InSinkErator is the best disposal available .
 This garbage disposal is amazing . When you turn it on , you do n't hear anything . Honestly , I wish I would have purchased this disposal the first time around so I could have avoided replacing it .
 The instructions are very well written . They also explain how to uninstall your old unit -LRB- if need be -RRB- . It took me about an hour and a half to install and I 'm not handy . I needed to pick up some plumbers putty , but , otherwise , everything was in the box . It 's very quiet and there 's no vibration . It 's pretty small . About an inch smaller than my 10 year old 1/2 HP . Anyone who wants to save money on having one professionally installed should get this slightly more expensive unit .
 Replaced my 15 year old model with this one when remodeling the kitchen . Easy installation . Suprisingly quite . Very please with this purchase . Shipping was prompt .
 We love this garbage disposer ! It is very quiet when it runs and still does the job ! The best part is that it is Made in the USA . Our old one was made in China and it would vibrate the whole counter -LRB- and it barely made it 's 4 year warranty before it broke -RRB- . Would highly recommend this product .
 This unit functions as advertised . We actually use it to dispose of food waste unlike the -LRB- useless -RRB- Kenmore model that it replaced .
 I just installed this myself yesterday , and I ca n't get over how quiet it is ! Installation was much simpler than I thought it would be . I 've never installed a garbage disposal before , so I looked up some how-to videos online . No problem . Besides watching the on-line videos , the included instructions were excellent . Now that it 's hooked up , I 'm absolutely amazed at how quiet this is . I 'm used to a garbage disposal that shakes the whole sink and scares the cats . This thing - I actually had to try it several times to believe that it was actually running . Yes , you can hear it , but it 's VERY quiet ! It 's a low hum . I was a bit dismayed to find that I had to go buy a power cord separately . So , there was a quick trip to my local home center , but Insinkerator had a power cord kit hanging on the wall right next to the actual disposals . Again , very easy hookup . So , if you are n't replacing an old disposal , just know in advance that you 'll need a separate power cord . Overall , I ca n't recommend this highly enough . It 's great , and incredibly quiet .
 The design is sleek and the installation is easy and straightforward . The operation is noticeably quiet -LRB- we used to have a GE unit which was deafening -RRB- , though sometimes is not very effective
 I have been using this disposer for 6 months now . It works pretty well . Only once I put in some corn husks and got some noise for a while . This is my very first disposer . I wish InSinkErator can have some warnings on the tag .
 We bought this model on the recomdation of our plumber . We have been completely satisfied with it , it works great and is very quiet .
 This unit so quiet that you can barely hear it when it is doing its job . It runs super smooth , so there are no vibrations making the sink rattle as it used to with my old basic Insinkerator . I am very pleased with this disposer and recommend it highly .
 Ok , so this is the first disposer I 've used in my own house that cost more than $ 75 . Let me tell you it 's worth paying a bit more ! I put one of these in my remodeled kitchen 6 months ago and it is super quiet . Way better than the standard unit . I highly recommend . - Matt Risinger
 Quiet and easy to install . Only bummer is that the power cord is n't included and the drain flange -LRB- ? -RRB- hole does n't seem large enough for food ... I usually have to use something to shove the food through the flange and into the disposal or it just sits on top ...
 Our old disposer was pretty quiet but we had seen others in friends homes that were so loud you could n't talk while they were running . We were concerned about the noise but this one is so quiet that we can whisper while it 's running . As a bonus , it was a snap to install in place of the old one .
 I just installed this disposer to replace an inferior GE product . I got used to the loud noise and scary vibration the cheap GE disposer produced . When I turn this Insinkerator on , I could n't believe how quiet and steady it is . It 's beautiful . My previous GE did such a bad job grinding that it actually clogged my drain pipes . I 'm grinding all sorts of things in this disposer . You ca n't beat the price to quality ratio either . I 'm so glad I bought it . I 'm an Insinkerator customer for life now .
 After buying theWaste King L-8000 Legend Series 1.0-Horsepower Continuous Feed Waste Disposerand not enjoying a -RRB- the fact it 's exposed flange was chrome and not stainless and b -RRB- it was quite large , I had to go out on the last day of my kitchen remodel -LRB- !! -RRB- and buy this Evolution Compact locally . We were very upset that Waste King does n't mention the color of it 's flange and that it would clash with our stainless sink . After micromanaging all the details of our kitchen , I was n't happy about that . I like that the Evolution also did n't emblazon it 's name across the exposed flange . This Evolution is so small compared to that Waste King . -LRB- See my comparison photo -RRB- . We never had the Waste King installed so I ca n't compare noise levels , but this InSinkErator is the essence of quiet . It 's a very low-level hum that you can easily talk over . It 's also more visually attractive than the Waste King , if we 're going to be picky.The other problem with the Waste King , if you 're wondering , is that my installer tried to get an in-store stainless flange to put onto it , and it turns out that it did n't want to be threaded with the in-store flanges , it would n't line up -LRB- as I understood from installer -RRB- . Run water on cold , turn on InSinkErator , push food in if necessary * , turn off unit , keep water running a few seconds , done ! Easy ! * I am not sure if this is common with garbage disposals because this is our first , but we need to push the food in with a plastic knife to get it to be accepted by the InSinkErator.Very happy , now if I could just go back in time and have bought it on Amazon for cheaper , had I known . : -RRB-
 I pretty much echo the same things you 'll read from others who gave 5-star reviews . When the plumber finished installing my new faucet , sink , and disposer , she flipped the disposer on as a demo . Yeah , it was quiet , but since there was no food grinding , the quiet was n't impressive . Now , having used it for a week , let me tell you
 We received the product on time and without a hitch . However , our only complaint is that the unit did not contain a power cord which seems rather odd . Other than that , we are very pleased with our purchase . Too soon yet to tell how durable it will be .
 My old Badger 5 died . Which I guess , was a good thing , because it meant I got to replace it with a newer , quieter model!I was afraid about what would fit under the sink - since there 's not a lot of room down there - but the customer service rep I talked to at Insinkerator was extremely helpful and suggested this model.-I like doing home projects and felt confident taking on this one myself . Taking out the old diposal was a pain . It was in there pretty good . Installing this one was - OK . A good `` challenge '' for a Do-It-Yourself -LRB- er -RRB- . I ran a few videos online about replacing a disposal to get a feel for what to do . I 'll spare you the details and just point out the things I noticed : - * This comes with ALMOST everything you need . The one thing I had to run out and buy was an `` electrical connector '' . This cost a whopping $ 0.59 . I assumed it was a one-size-fits all little thing and I was right . I do n't get why one was n't included . I mean , it 's this cheap metal clamp thing you screw onto the bottom to hold the wires in place . It was kind of a pain to have to run out in the middle of the install , but at least my local hardware place is close . * The metal ring . OK
 We are so impressed with our new Insinkerator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP disposer.It arrived fast after purchase and within an hour of delivery , my husband had the old Badger that we 'd had for the past 14 years , OUT and the new Insinkerator IN.I read all reviews of a zillion models at all price ranges and finally landed on THIS model for our needs almost totally based upon THE REVIEWS . So people ... when you purchase something and you like it a lot ... or NOT ... be SURE to write a review for the rest of us as it truly does a lot to guide purchase decisions ... . far MORE than the glossy brand advertising that entices ... but does nothing to convince.Indeed ... seeing ... installing ... and using is believing.This model DID live up to the manufacturers descriptions . Was fast/easy to install ... and is MOST DEFINITELY ... QUIET ... EVEN WHEN GRINDING A LOT OF HEAVY-DUTY ITEMS.It does NOT vibrate and ` shake ' the counter top/faucet ... like our older Badger did . The ` mouth ' / portal is wide enough to accept refuse and to clean out as necessary.Another PLUS ... the little stainless/black ` stopper ' lid it comes with , is shiny ... attractive ... and really provides a great seal when you need to fill the sink and not have water leak away . It has the dishwasher connection/connector , so that 's another plus . Anything that is whisked off dishes feeds into the unit for disposing.We DID go to the home improvement store prior to the unit being delivered , and got some plumbers putty to use/secure the unit into the sink and a couple of those little plastic wire connector caps to secure wires . Cheap . Installation a breeze.This is the COMPACT unit . we needed a compact model since we have limited space under our sink and we also have more shallow sink basins ... so this model really delivered.Good price ... excellent installation ... smooth operating quality ... This is as ` romantic ' a review as I can give to a new utility kitchen appliance , without asking it out for a date!Purchase this unit with confidence and ... if you 're not handy with installation , nor care to DIY ... just know that replacing an old disposer with this new one , should be fairly seamless/easy and FAST for a professional -LRB- given thatyou have no other ` under-the-sink-issues ' -RRB- . Be sure to register your purchase online . Warranty.guarantee is good.Now get out there an ... GRINDEMUP !
 I had a 3/4hp InSinkErator in my kitchen for 26 years , it was getting noisy , & lazy . I replaced it with the 3/4hp InSinkErator Evolution Compact , everything hooked up to the existing plumbing , & is so quiet my wife asked if it was even working , awesome quiet machine , very pleased !
 This disposal is as advertized , very quiet . It is not the monster kind , which will grind up anything . However , after using it for a few weeks , I find it adequate for everyday use . In addtion , the small size leaves room under the sink for storage . I recommend this product espeically if you have tight undercounter space .
 This disposer met all of my expectations . It is a lot quieter than the less expensive Badger series -LRB- but it is far from silent -RRB- . It is compact enough to fit in tight spaces , but holds more than most disposers . It has never jammed once for us -LRB- and we put all kinds of stuff down it -RRB- . It also works great with the cover control adapter - this let us install a batch feed disposer for less money than the Evolution Cover Control disposer , which was too big to fit in our tight space anyways .
 I purchased this disposal to replace a dead one . I decided to replace it myself which scared my wife . I 'm please to say that it was fairly easy . I was able to remove the old and install the new disposal in under 2 hours . The step-by-step instructions included with the disposal are very straight forward and come with detailed pictures . The disposal does not come with a power cord , but I was able to reuse my old power cord . If this is not an option I suggest purchasing the InSinkErator CRD-00 Power Cord Kit -LRB- around 8 bucks -RRB- . I bought this being unsure about the old power cord . Some of the spare parts that came with the kit ended up being very useful so it was worth the 8 bucks . My wife is very please with what little noise it makes and I am happy I did n't have to pay a plumber .
 I had the option of getting the Titan 11/4 HP disposer from Costco for $ 80 -LRB- after the $ 20 discount going on now -RRB- . It however seemed bulky and looked cheap . I went with the ISE evo compact - Amazon has a good price , but I ended up getting it from HD for about $ 20 more.Installation was smooth - I used the power cord from my old ISE , had to buy some wire nuts and a wire-clamp/strain-relief from HD . Installation instructions are good , and the disposal looks and performs very well . I am happy I went with this model .
 Is up to standard for InsinkErator products . Was kind of suprised that I needed to purchase the power cord seperatly .
 I bought the Evolution Compact 3/4 HP disposer to replace our 20-year old InSinkErator , which used the same Quick-Lock mount and fittings to attach it to the sink as does the new one . I was a little surprised that no electrical cord was included , but it was no problem to reuse the cord and plug from the original unit -LRB- instructions to do so are included with the Evolution -RRB- . Things were going so well that I thought this would be the easiest home plumbing job I 'd ever done , until it came time to hold up the disposer under the sink flange and try to mount the disposer . I could never get the heavy disposer to line up on all three sides of the mount while holding it hand , so I got out our screw-type auto jack , centered the disposer on it , and raised the Evolution slowly to the exact spot that allowed me to latch it onto the mount easily . The jack made it a breeze to install.After everything was set up , I reached the moment of truth and turned it on . Nothing but a low hum , as though the motor was binding and not turning at all . So I looked down into the unit , turned it on again , and to my amazement saw that it did in fact work . I had no idea a garbage disposal could be so quiet.Don ' t waste money on a cheaper product -- especially if you 're replacing an old InSinkErator . This is a case of getting what you pay for .
 We live in the Niagara region , where garbage disposal units are frowned upon as we have organic recycling . But with two kids , little food scraps get through out and started to clog our drains . So I did some research and bought this little wonder . I had installed this under the sink next to a RO system , and the beauty of it is that they both fit!This a EXTREMELY quiet machine that has a very small foot print . The material and quality are very good , and is a fantastic edition to any kitchen . And it is very easy to install . For your sanity , buy the $ 12 electrical cord with this unit.Great quality . Great buy .
 I just installed the new evolution compact disposal . It was very easy to install myself and I 'm not terribly handy or knowledgeable about stuff like this . The product does n't come with an electrical cable or the mounting . For me that was n't a big deal as I was replacing an existing disposal . I just stole parts from the old one . It 's definately a lot quiter than the old one.I just hope it lasts . I 'll update this next year and let you know how it 's working out .
 I actually purchased at Home Depot as it was cheaper with my Vet discount . However , I decided to write a review because it was a great product . First , its compact design give us the ability to store taller items . Secondly , the removal of the old model was no problem as the unit was made to the same specifications as my previous -LRB- very cheap -RRB- Badger 5 Model . As a result , I was able to use the same PVC items with minor cutting.The only difficult part was mounting the new unit but after a few tries it was finally connected . Understand that this old guy -LRB- 70 -RRB- is not a agile as a few years ago . Then connected everything . The real surprise was when I flipped the switch . Could not hear anything , so figured a wire came loose but that was not the case . It was so quiet I could not hear it running . So much better than Badger 5 . Handles waste with little effort-so far . My wife loves it . I could not see the worth of more expensive Insinkerator model if you are concerned about noise .
 The Insinkerator arrived on time as promised , has been installed about a month and works well . It is quiet and efficient .
 The installation is reasonable . The unit is nice . There are two reasons why this product loses a star . 1 . The power cable and twist-on wire caps are not included . It 's easy to find a cord , but who wants to hunt around for the right type of screw on cover/wire harness ? 2 . The attachment to the drain pipe uses a spring-wire , clip-on type . My old disposal had a nicer mount that makes a more trustworthy seal .
 This is the best garbage disposel that I have ever had . It is so quiet you have to pay attention when it is running as you could walk away and leave it on if you are not carful.Would recommend it to anyone that wants a QUALITY DISPOSEL .
 I 'm a salesman . . not a plumber . . but I was still able to install this unit from scratch ! I 'm quite proud of myself!I did need to buy a couple of plubing supplies . . a couple of bits of pvc pipe a coupling or two and a tub of plumbers putty , but they were all inexpensive and easy to find.The unit is very quiet and has n't choked yet so all in all I could n't be happier.If the company wanted to make it a little bit more userfriendly they could include a little tube of putty to help seal the drain . . it 's not something most homeowners are going to have on hand or are likely to ever need again . .
 When we remodeled our kitchen , we made the decision to replace our six-year old InSinkErator 3/4 hp disposal which had been purchased at the nearby big box home improvement store . After doing some research and reading reviews , I decided to stick with the InSinkErator brand . However , I felt that our household could use a 1/2 hp unit because we rarely put more than a carrot or lettuce core through the disposal.In the past , I have worked with one of the saleswomen at a local kitchen and bath showroom ; she has always provided me with excellent advice . Further , while Amazon has some of the best prices online , she has been able to come within $ 25 on many of the same items , and when she does , I will purchase the item locally . She told me that unless I wanted to cut the lettuce core into smaller pieces , she would recommend that I get a 3/4 hp unit . Since my replacement sink was 9-inches deep , she also recommended the InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Food Waste Disposer.I can not believe how quiet this unit is - if you choose to purchase this model , you too will be amazed ! While you can hear that it is running , you do not wonder whether a freight train is aiming for your kitchen . The unit does not vibrate as much as other disposal units I have used ; your sink and counter tops will remain stationary instead of moving violently to and fro . The collar covers the disposer 's opening without gaps that may allow odors to rise from the drain . The distance from the top of the collar to the actual grinding mechanism is fairly short - if you are like I once was and use a wooden spoon to poke waste down into your disposal , you may end up with a chewed up spoon.The InSinkErator Evolution Compact is easy to install ; most individuals with some home repair experience can handle the installation.If you are replacing a disposal or installing one in new construction , I definitely recommend the InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP Household Food Waste Disposer . It is the best I have used .
 After reading the reviews here , I went to Home Depot this morning and bought the Compact . I planned to install it myself , and did not buy any extras . I could always run back to the store if I needed . The hardest part of the entire installation was getting the old disposal out . I think it was the original installed by the builder 20 years ago . Once I got the old one out , the rest was a breeze . The instructions covered everything well enough that I had no problems , inspite of my wife 's questions about whether or not I had ever done something like this before . I did not have to move or replace any plumbing . I did need my wife to push down on the sink collar while I attached the rings underneath . Everything went together well , no leaks . I even took the tension clamp off the old one and used to secure the power cord coming from the wall.The moment of truth came
 InSinkErator Compact Evolution Household Food Waste Disposer , GrayPros : - These current generation InSinkErators could be the quietest and most vibration-free disposers on the market . The case itself is insulated ; the sink-drain connector assembly 's metal parts are rubber cushioned ; plus the discharge pipe flange is rubber . These anti-vibration innovations work . When no water or waste is in the unit , all you hear is a mild hum . If it was much quieter and you would n't know it was on . - It performs as you would expect for an excellent disposer . Nothing we 've fed it has failed to be ground-up and flushed away . - 3/4 HP has been more than enough to get the job done . - It 's the smallest of the high-end disposers , giving more room to store things in your sink-base cabinet , and more room for your body when working on under-sink plumbing . - It 's good looking and looks expensive . - About as easy to install as possible , for a disposer . Have a small container of plumber 's putty on hand before you begin . You might also need some medium sized wire nuts . - A four-year in-home warranty confirms the manufacturer 's confidence in their product 's reliability.Other - Years ago , the most common method of electrifying a disposer was to hard-wire it by connecting an NM -LRB- non-metallic sheathed -RRB- cable directly to the disposer -LRB- which is why no cord is provided -RRB- . A safer method is to use a cord such as theInSinkErator Power Cord Kit #CRD -00 , and plug that cord into a receptacle in the sink-base cabinet . -LRB- It 's `` safer '' because otherwise , someone could turn the circuit breaker back on while you 're working on the disposer , and electrocute you . With a cord , unplugging it is a sure means of power disconnect . -RRB- If there is no receptacle there , feed the existing NM cable into a utility box and install one ; turn the power off first . Use a receptacle tester -LRB- sold by Amazon -RRB- to verify proper wiring . If you have the skills to hard-wire a disposer , you should have the skills to install a surface-mounted box and receptacle . -LRB- Your county may require a permit to do this work . Whether you get one is up to you . -RRB- - If you are connecting a dishwasher to the disposer , you might need theInSinkErator Dishwasher Connector Kit #DWC -00 . Some dishwashers , such as Kitchen Aid models , do not need the kit , because their discharge hose connects without modification to an InSinkErator.Cons : - InSinkErator should design the unit so a special three-prong cord -LSB- they could sell -RSB- plugs and twist-locks into the bottom of the disposer , while still allowing for a hard-wired option . That would eliminate all wiring directly to the disposer , preventing end-user miswiring of the cord.Summary : This disposer is obviously the result of many generations of InSinkErator improvements ; a 5-star appliance .
 I ca n't say enough about how happy I am with the Evolution Compact disposal from InSinkErator . I had a fairly high end Kenmore disposal for about a year . It did a good job but was noisy . Then this year there was a fire in my condo unit that resulted in several rooms having to be rebuilt , one of which was the kitchen . When working up the remodeling details , I ran across the Evolution Compact at Home Depot . I was n't up-to-speed on this new series so I went home and read up as much material as I could find . In short , though I did n't really need a new disposal , I decided to give it a try to see if I could reduce the noise in the kitchen . I am SO GLAD I spent the money for the Evolution Compact . It is significantly quieter than the Kenmore . My sink does n't rattle like it 's going to come loose from the countertop when the disposal is running . Best of all , the Evolution quickly gets rid of anything I 've thrown at it , all they while doing it quietly . One thing that attracted my eye in the store was the blue color of unit . It stood out from all the blacks and greys around . While appearence in not necessarily something you look for in a garbage disposal , it does project the image of a high-quality , high-end appliance , something that can be a positive if for any reason you decide to sell your home . I highly recommend the Evolution Series to anyone looking for a new garbage disposal . I agree with a prior reviewer , there are other places where you find the Evolution Compact for $ 159 so it 's worth shopping around unless you live in an area where you have to make a long drive to get to a home center like Lowes or Home Depot .
 I bought this based on the recommendations and reviews here -- just installed it last night . It is fabulous ! The first time I turned it on I thought it had gotten jammed or something because it was SO QUIET ! I turned it off , got out the jam wrench and hit the restart button -- only to find out it had been running ! You guys warned me , but it is SO TRUE ! After the first initial start , you have to listen to hear it run!Couple of things on installation -- I did this all by myself -LRB- female -RRB- , all on my own , had never done this before ! It took about three hours -- I also installed the new flange , even though not needed , because it was so pretty -LRB- probably added an hour to the job -RRB- . Use the trick shown in the directions to keep the flange still while you install everything else -- completely worth the extra time . Just read the directions -- it 's easy . And do n't forget to pop out the dishwasher plug if you have one.One other trick -- I had a difficult time given the angle , weight , etc. , holding the disposal in place and twisting it onto the mount . Tried a couple of things to support the weight and then got my CAR JACK -LRB- !!!! -RRB- out of the back of my car . I balanced the disposal on the jack and simply hoisted it in place , then twisted it onto the mount ! VOILA ! Easy as pie !
 Our 9 + year old builder-installed GE 1/3HP disposall had finally bit the bucket . The inside had corroded and one of the teeth had broken off and blew into a million pieces . While it worked , it was time for a replacement.My wife and I had succumbed to ISE advertising and immediately decided to get an ISE . Well , almost . I actually did a bit of research but when it came down to it , there is n't much in the way of disposal review . Anyway , off to Home Depot.One thing I did know was that I was n't going to $ 299 for a garbage disposal . Once in the store I realized that the Compact was only a few ounces shy in capacity then the Evolution Essential . So , I bought it for $ 159 . I am a pretty handy guy with LOTSA tools so removal of the old and installation of the new did n't faze me at all . But I must warn you , if you are removing an old disposal like I was , you probably wo n't be saving any hardware except the drain pipes . This means you 'll need to add some plumbers putty to your cart * . Also , take a look and see if your disposal uses a plug or is hardwired directly into your panel . Most are hardwired . If it is n't , you can use the one from your old disposal for your new ... unless it is in bad shape . * The Tools and Materials list is as follows -LRB- and does n't match the outside of the box -RRB-
 I am the sort who reads consumer reports and online product reviews before making a decision -- even about a garbage disposal . This seems to be a fine product . I had read someone who said it was so quite they thought it was n't working . I thought , `` yea , right . '' But then the same thing happened to me . When I first turned it on -LRB- without waste the first time -RRB- , I had to look to be certain it was even functioning . One quick caution -- I also had to use larger wire nuts than the ones that came with the electrical connection kit . Also , there seem to be two versions of the evolution disposal out there . I have seen both a 5/8 hp and a 3/4 hp by the same name at two major competing home supply retailers . I have the 3/4hp from Amazon . While I suspect they are both fine , you will want to be aware of what you are getting .
 I was debating whether to get this model or the comparable 3/4 horsepower WasteKing version . I chose this one for the following reasons : - Consumer Reports magazine ranked the Evolution Compact as being a quieter unit . Quietness is one of the things I care most about in a disposal . I think any 3/4 horsepower unit will do a great job in an average household kitchen , so in the end quietness and build quality are what separate the units . Based on my actual usage of the product -LRB- purchased it recently -RRB- I am surprised how much quieter it is than the Insinkerator Badger 1 it replaced . I 'd say it 's about 50 % -60 % quieter . Its sounds like how the Badger 1 sounds when it 's jammed and you turn it on -- just a hum . I am VERY satisfied on that front . - The WasteKing has a higher rotation speed but the grinding mechanics of the Evolution Compact seemed to make up for it based on my reading of the on-line product documentation . It 's as if the WasteKing has to make up for the less advanced grinding technology with higher speed in order to win the `` specs '' battle . - The WasteKing does not have a hole in the bottom for you to put a wrench into to loosen jams . Their sales documentation says you do n't need one because the motor is so powerful it will not jam -- whatever . If that is the case then why does the product 's user guide instruct you to stick a broom stick in the disposal and twirl it around if it ever gets jammed ??? I think not having a wrench hole is a way to keep the price low . And saying the unit is so powerful you do n't need a wrench hole is a way for their marketing department to hide the product weaknesses and push units . Stuff like this let 's you know that WasteKing has cut corners to get the price so low . - Based on reading the on-line product documentation , visiting the manufacturer Web sites , and reading user comments I concluded , in my opinion , that the Insinkerator was a higher quality product -- even with the shorter warranty . Yes , the comparable WasteKing model has an 8-year warranty and has a higher rotation speed , but that does n't mean it 's better built . Honda 's are know to have some of the shortest warranties in the auto biz , but their brand is consistently ranked among the highest for long-term quality . - The WasteKing just looked cheap . I read some of the WasteKing comments and some of them mentioned it being made of cheap plastic . The Evolution Compact looks like , and after installing it in my kitchen I can also say , feels and sounds like a quality product . - Insinkerator has a 4-year come to your home warranty where they 'll send someone to fix it . To me that has more weight than a 8 year warranty that I will likely not be able to take advantage of when I move in 5 years or so . - I often find that you get what you pay for . The WasteKing being so much cheaper kind of worried me.All in all I am very happy with my purchase . BTW
 Bought at Home Depot for $ 169.00 this morning . In my installation , it was a two-man job . I needed someone to hold the flange down while installing the snap ring . I then found out that my hands and fingers were to big to work the snap ring in place . My brother had slimmer hands and snapped it into place in about 10 seconds . I had tried for about 1 hour to do it by myself and the flange kept being pushed up and out of place . Second difficulty was holding the unit up with one hand and twisting the collar and tabs in to place . My brother could not do it after 20 minutes of failed attempts , so we switched and I was able to do it in a couple of minutes . I think some folks will have to jack up the unit with a turned over bucket or something and shim it up into place before attempting to get the collar locked.Took about two hours total . But the effort was worth it . This unit is whisper quiet . I then tested the two tough foods , celery and then potatoes . It chopped them up as fine as the video shows on the insinkerator.com site.My last insinkerator lasted 16 years . It literally rusted out on this inside and the motor never quit . I believe this unit is going to lasta long time and looks far superior inside and out . With a 4 year in-home warranty to boot , I do n't think you could go wrong with this one .
 I just finished the install of this , took me about 2 hours . I was replacing a badger5 , about 10 years old , and was pretty noisy . I had high hopes that this would be super silent , and my biggest disappointment is it 's still pretty noisy.The install instructions were pretty good . The power cord thing is really annoying , make sure you deal with this before you install -LRB- make sure you have it ! -RRB- and buy some plumbers putty.I am not a plumber , and it was a little nerve wracking to install , the wife is still questioning whether there are any leaks , but it seems ok.Overall , it looks nice , works fine , but I was unimpressed with how much less quiet it was than the Badger 5 .
 The InSinkErator Compact Evolution 3/4 Horsepower -LRB- HP -RRB- garbage disposal is a welcome addition to my kitchen . When I remodeled my last house I installed a good InSinkErator and never had any difficulty with it . Recently the disposal in my current home abruptly seized , so it was time to replace it . I researched the different models available and decided that the combination of compact under-sink footprint , quiet operation , and power made this the right model for my needs . I feel after looking at the disposal and the instructions that I could have installed it , however I elected to let a plumber do it as there were a couple of other things he had to do in the house anyway . Of course he 's a trained professional , but he had it installed and working in maybe 30 minutes -LRB- I was n't timing him , so it could have been a bit more or less -RRB- and it is amazingly quieter and stronger than the old 1/2 HP model it replaced . Given the layout of my plumbing , the compact size was important -LRB- or several pipes would have had to be relocated ; this was the primary reason I wanted a professional to install it -RRB- and this unit is about 1/4 inch shorter than the old unit , so pipe clearance was no problem.Although I have not had the unit very long , it 's amazing what a difference it makes in routine kitchen cleanup , and I can not emphasize the amazing difference in quietness and vibration from this InSinkErator versus the older machine . Based on my experience with this disposal , and the fact that my last InSinkErator lasted many years with zero problems , I have no qualms recommending the InSinkErator Compact Evolution 3/4 Horsepower garbage disposal
 My 6-year-old builder-installed 1/3 HP Badger starting really making a grinding sound and I needed a replacement . I chose this model because it fit the existing mount , it is three times as powerful , and it is quieter . I did n't need the extra volume of the larger unit or the additional 10 % reduction in noise.It took less than half hour to remount . Cut the electricity . Disconnect the drains to the trap and dishwasher . Rotate the holding ring , and it is off . Then disconnect the power cord to the old one and reconnect . You have to hold and push up the unit with one hand and turn the holding ring with the other . Reconnect the drains and test . Lifting the unit is the only really difficult part . A weaker person might need some help pushing up to make the seal fit to close the ring . I read where some people have used a small jack to lift the unit.The most difficult thing is to install the quiet collar and baffle . It fits very tightly . This baffle works so well that I give the unit 4 stars . The baffle 's purpose is to restrict what goes into the disposal and provides a water seal that helps reduce the noise . If you put the flat stopper in the other sink , the noise is even reduced more . On the positive side , it is hard for something to fall into the disposal like spoons or draining water ; on the negative side , the baffle requires assistance to put anything into the disposal -LRB- I keep a wood spoon handy to use as a shovel -RRB- and it really retarts the flow of water . You will use the spayer more than ever to flush the sink . This meeans that the water in the sink recedes very slowly . A pan of water does not just pour down the drain ; itseeps slowly down into the drain.It is easy to install , quieter and grinds most anything including small bones . For some this model has solved backed-up drain issues.I would recomment it , but be aware , the slow-draining water takes a bit to get used to . The baffle could be redesigned a bit to be more user friendly and allow a better flow of water .
 I had to replace an old unit which stopped working . After reading good reviews here on Amazon , I decided to go with this model . Installation was a breeze . When I ran it the first time , I was n't sure if it was working because it was too quiet compared to my old one . I tossed a few pieces of vegetables down the sink and it ate them up right away . This waste disposer does not come with a cord to plug into the wall . I reused the cord from the old unit so if you 're replacing your old garbage disposer , do n't throw away the old cord . Disconnect it from the old unit and wire it to the new one . Otherwise , you 'll have to buy a new cord . Check the old cord for signs of damage before reusing . As a reminder , you will need some fresh plumber 's putty before you can install the new disposer . This is for sealing the flange around the sink hole . A piece of putty rope works best . Any hardware store should have it .
 I had the cheapo contractor grade kenmore for about 4 years . i was secretly hoping it would die and finally my prayers were answered . It began dripping water out of the trip switch . I shopped around online a little , i was between a kitchenaid and this model . I keep cleaning supplies under the sink so this allowed more room for those . the kitchenaid may or may not be quieter but this is a huge improvement . i can actually talk to my wife when feeding the disposal . it also doesnt shake the soap off the sink when i feed it potatoes or something heavy.The only con i can think of is that it is harder to put food into it however this is a characteristic of all the new disposals . they have a thicker rubber neck that blocks more noise and it also channels the water into covering the rest of the whole so the water actually acts as a sound barrier too . Overall , this one was about $ 40 cheaper than the kitchenaid and had free shipping . I went to a big blue brick and mortar store . the manager refused to match the price . i received this two business days after ordering , thanks amazon!oh lastly , make sure you have a can of plumbers putty , just roll it like playdoh and take the cord off your old disposal . no need to pay $ 5-10 for a new one .
 Just received this Disposer this afternoon . In the past I was always the type that would n't mind spending the extra money to have something installed professionally because Bob Villa I 'm not !!! I just do n't have a talent for DIY stuff . However after getting my house 6 years ago and having a plumber from a very well known franchise actually call me out to the kitchen -LRB- while fixing the disposer I just replaced -RRB- to point out to me that he had to do one final quick adjustment that would double my bill -LRB- he laughed when he told me and obviously enjoyed sticking it to me -RRB- , I decided that I would do as much DIY stuff myself as I could from then on . So here I am reading reviews for this disposer and everyone is saying how easy it is to install so I mustered up the courage to at least give it a try . Tonight it is in and purring like a kitten ! Was it easy ? Yes and no . Easy as far as the product itself . I was replacing an Insinkerator so it was really just a quick swap out as far as the hardware . The only reason it took me about 3 hours was stuff on my end that had nothing to do with the item itself . Things like a cramped working area and trying to yank thick copper wires from that little hole on my old disposer . Getting my old disposer totally disconnected was actually the most time consuming part . This thing is really quiet and has liquified everything I 've thrown in it so far . In the end I have no doubt that by getting over my own fears of installing this myself that I easily saved well over $ 100 for a plumber to come in and put this in . It was a great learning experience as well . You end up realizing that most of these projects are easier to do than you ever realized . By the way , this unit comes ready for hard wiring only . If you have an actual electrical outlet under your sink you will have to buy the power cord kit seperatley . It 's also a very attractive unit , if that matters to you .
 We have our kitchecn remodelled in the winter of 2009 . At first , I did not want to do all the plumbing as it was not my skill , but after I found out that it cost almost $ 950 just for a professional plumber to do the simple drainage piping and install a new garbage disposal . I decided I 'd better get my hands on this.I bought InsinkErator compact from a nearby kitchen h/w store . Then read through the installation instruction and go over the installation video on You Tube . Then went to Lowes to get the necessary piping . I installed everything in 3 hours -LRB- including 2 more trips back to Lowes as I bought the wrong size pipe - - - see , it was my first DIY plumbing project ever -RRB- . But I found the installation of this InsinkErator to be very easy and I got it working the first time.I remember the first time I turned it on , this thing ran so silently . Before having this unit , we normally did not use much of the garbage disposal for fearing that it may clog the pipe . But since we have this machine , we put more stuff in to it on a daily basis and never once had a problem.In fact , in October 2010 , having been so impressed with it , I bough a 3/4 HP unit and install it at my church as a donation . As expected , it works great without a failure . In fact a lot of friends from the church go ahead and install one when they remodel their kitchen.Well , today is October 01 , 2011 and this InsinkErator is still running ever silently like it did the first day . ** Updated 11/11/11 , forgot to mention that the AC power cord is not included in the box . Do n't know why they did it like this but you can buy the AC cord from Lowes/HomeDepot -LRB- between $ 15 - $ 25 -RRB- OR if AC cord of your old unit is still in relatively good shape you can re-use it . In my case , I re-use the old AC cord as it 1 . the cable was still in good physical shape 2 . The old unit consumed the same electrical load -LRB- the current , in Amp . on the label -RRB- 3 . it had enough length to reach where I placed this new unit and 4 . it came striaght from the wall on/off switch . As a protection against any possible electrical leak from this cord , I bought a flexible plastic conduit from Lowes -LRB- less than $ 3 -RRB- and installed it securely . ** Updated 05/28/12 it has been almost 3 years and regardless of everyday uses , this InsinkErator is still work like new .
 I bought the Insinkerator Compact Food Waste Disposer to replace a leaky , poor-quality Gourmet King disposer that had been causing me problems ever since I moved into my place . The plumber told me that in order to replace my old one , he 'd charge me $ 350 for labor and parts ! When I finally asked what make and model of disposer he planned to replace my old one with , he said the Insinkerator Badger 5 , which may be a good product , but I could 've bought it for about $ 80 online , which meant the plumber was going to charge me close to $ 300 in labor !! So , after reading the reviews on Amazon , I decided to buy the Compact instead and try to install it myself . And sure enough , with some help from my boyfriend -LRB- who gets major kudos for this ! -RRB- , I was able to save over $ 150 by buying this one and installing it myself.As soon as you take it out of the box , you can tell that the Insinkerator Compact is a high-quality product . The materials feel strong and sturdy and it weighs quite a bit , so it definitely has a substantial motor . It 's also good to know that Insinkerator offers a 4yr warranty , so be sure to register your prodcut once you install it . Moreover , there are plenty of online tutorials on how to install , so if you need a visual -LRB- not just the instructions in the package -RRB- , go to YouTube and type in ` Insinkerator installation . ' The company has it 's own fool-proof video of how to install the disposer.The best part about this product is how quiet it is !! I sometimes wonder if it 's really grinding stuff up because it 's seriously half as loud as my old one , if not quieter ! And it does n't leak , which is also good . My old one had a major leakage problem and caused all sorts of water damage under my sink.Bottom line
 I 'm writing this review immediately after installing this InSinkErator Evolution Compact 3/4 HP waste disposer . I concur with so many others here ; I 'm very impressed with the ease of install , quality of components , and performance for the money.My disposer replaced a jammed 1/2 HP Badger 5 -LRB- which I unjammed , but wanted to upgrade -RRB- . The Evolution Compact is very close to the same physical installation size of our Badger 5 with the exception of the width of the unit . The Evolution is a little wider , so very minor plumbing adjustments were required to get this to fit.Rubber fittings secure the tailpiece to the house plumbing . The top of the unit also contains rubber that mates with the fittings under the sink . The rubber absorbs the energy that would otherwise be distributed along the plumbing and countertop . The quiet motor along with isolation provided by the rubber fittings results in an amazingly quiet performance.Installation was a breeze and took about an hour . If you already have an InsinkErator , you should be ready to go with minimal changes . You most likely will be able to reuse all the fittings attached to the sink . I chose to change mine because I like the new look inside the sink , but if you do n't care about this , you may not need to change it . Simply undo the plumbing , twist the old unit off , unwire it , get the new unit , wire it up , twist on the new assembly , reconnect the plumbing , and give it a trial run.If you 've installed a disposer before , there are no surprises here . If you 've never installed one , not to fear . General instructions are provided with a modest level of detail . If this is a new install , you 'll need to size up all the plumbing before installing the disposer.The wife and I have had this unit for only a few hours , so I ca n't report on experience . I can tell you the installation was a breeze and when we fired up the disposer , we were both very pleasantly amazed at how quiet it really is.If you 're like me and had one of the Badger InSinkErator disposers , you 're gon na love this unit !
 We bought an InSinkErator model 444 in 2004 . It had a 4-year warranty . After 3.5 years it stopped working due to an electrical problem . We called the company service number and they sent a repairman out within three days . He replaced that unit with an Evolution Compact which has worked perfectly ever since . I was impressed with the efficiency and honesty of the company . They were very polite and never tried to give us a runaround or close questioning , etc. . With some research I discovered that the model 444 was problem-prone , mainly due to leakage , which ours never experienced , but the Compact Evolution seems to be trouble-free and gets high ratings everywhere . I am mainly impressed with the customer service and integrity of the company.Edit -LRB- 3 years later -RRB-
 My last insinkerator -LRB- Badger 5 -RRB- lasted 8 years and failed with a cracked ABS housing -LRB- common failure mode , I understand -RRB- . So I went out and purchased this unit as a replacement . One thing that is nice about Insinkerator is that the mounting ring is the same on all units , so it simplified the installation quite a bit . The wife reports the unit is quieter and it does its job well . It grinds food , what can you say . One selling point for this unit over the Badger line is the `` stainless steel chamber . '' It 's in quotes , because it appears that the housing is still ABS , but lined with stainless sheet metal . I did not disassemble to confirm , but it sure looks that way for this one and the other Evolution models on display . Hopefully , this helps the ABS last , we 'll see . One thing to keep in mind is that this unit DOES have the stainless steel chamber -LRB- well , stainless steel LINED chamber -RRB- like all the other Evolution units . You can also confirm this by looking inside . The comparison chart that was posted in the store I bought it at fails to indicate this for the Compact , so as to steer you to the more expensive units for which it does state `` stainless steel grinding chamber . '' That display sign almost got me to unnecessarily purchase the next more expensive model . With a 3/4hp motor , I 'm sure I 'll be fine with this one .
 To me , a disposal was a disposal was a disposal , or so I thought . We just had this installed and started using it . WOW ! It works quickly and extremely quietly . So quiet I was n't sure it was really on ! We 've purchased a few disposals in our lives , and although they were always good they never worked like this one . I 'm impressed and will be purchasing one for our rental .
 This is the best disposer I have ever owned . It 's quiet , powerful and compact . Amazing . You will be happy with this one . I never new that a disposal unit could be quiet . It allows me to fit things under my sink . yeah !
 The InSinkErator Evolution is quiet , fast & very effective in cleaning out the bits of food in the drain via the sink . I 've realized I use very little water compared to lesser models due to it 's efficiency . Easy to install-less than a 1/2 hour.It 's a worthwhile product . Quiet , effective , stainless steel & Amazon delivery were high selling points for me . My son also obtained , installed & recommended it - the origin of my search . Thank-you !
 I am very happy with this disposal . It works great , does not take up a lot of space and is very quiet .
 This garbage disposal is worth every penny ! It works extremely well and is almost silent . It is so quiet when it runs that you can barely hear it . You wo n't be disappointed !
 This unit is very quiet in operation . The compact design provides lots of extra under cabinet space . It is an excellent choice .
 Easy to install . Works well and produces little noise . This product is much better than my old disposal . It has a good reputation and should last . It 's always better to spend a little more up front to get a better value in the long run .
 Installation went rather well . No leaks , pretty good instructions . -LRB- wish this manual was linked here in PDF form before I ordered since not all parts are included . I had to also purchase wire nuts , Romex connector -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Romex%C2%AE-Connector-1-2-in/dp/B0003S2MEQ -RRB- and lastly some plumbers putty . -RRB- All in all , removal , purchasing new parts and full installation took 2-3 hours.Solid motor , quiet .
 This thing is really , really quiet . The two stage grind process really gets the job done on things like potato peelings . Let 's hope the longevity is better with the higher quality internal components over the Badger series . If you are replacing one of the Badger disposals , the sink mount ring is identical so you can eliminate that step if you choose to.Overall , I am very pleased with the unit . It really is true that the running water is louder than this disposal .
 Selected this compact model to leave as much space available under the sink as possible . So far , it works great and is extremely quiet . No complaints .
 This is a great disposal and the price was great . When running it is hard to hear ! I love it .
 I bought this disposal a month ago , had a plummer install it . He turned it on and I could hardly hear the grinding noise . It 's amazing .
 This has only been installed for a few days , but it is very quiet and made very well . I had a InSinkErators before and was very pleased with it . I 'm hoping I have a winner again . It is a great size for the home .
 Purchased this unit from Amazon . It had great reviews . I found that those were correct . It is extremely quiet and efficient . We are a sizable household , and it works wonderfully . I am a certified UN-handyman and found it very easy to install . The instructions were quite clear , and the parts all fit nicely . I heartily recommend this unit for anyone who needs a quiet , efficient and headache-free disposal .
 No , you ca n't love a disposal , but I dig this thing . Replacing a very old InSinkErator , it probably is n't a surprise this thing is quiet , but it really is ! The compact unit saves us some space -LRB- which is hard to come by in our galley kitchen -RRB- . The wife likes it , it works great -LRB- have had it a year now -RRB- , so I 'm happy .
 The InSinkErator Evolution Compact seems to be a good garbage disposal . I purchased it about a month ago and installed it without difficulty . The directions for installation were accurate and helpful . It works well and we have n't had any problems with it . I thought it would be quieter but my wife says it is much quieter than our old one . I would recommend this product and would purchase it again .
 This thing is quiet compared to my old Badger , and easy to install . If this one is this quiet it makes we wonder how much better the bigger one is . I 'll have to try it the next time .
 I replaced an old bottom of the line disposal with this unit . You can barely hear this unit running and I think , because it 's so powerful , I could probably use it as a wood chipper ! We are very pleased with this unit and would recommend it to anyone .
 I picked up one of these quite a while ago . Like most of my honey-do projects , it took a very long time for me to install it . It replaced a Badger 5 disposal . When my wife came home , she turned on the disposal and reached over to turn it on again . She did n't hear it running . Yes , it is that quiet ! We 've thrown quite a bit of garbage at it and it just keeps running smoothly.The bad news is that , two weeks after I finally installed it , we ended up signing a contract for a new house ... So , today , I bought another one for our next house . We 'll have the builder install it so we can enjoy it immediately!It sounds strange to use the word enjoy in regards to a garbage disposal but it really is sweet .
 I had this installed by my handyman . It was as easy to install as anything can be when working under the sink . I really like the removable rubber which makes it easy to see what 's inside the disposal . I just hope it lasts as long as my last Insinkerator .
 This is true . When we turned it on we thought something was wrong and we were just hearing an electrical hum but the disposer was n't actually kicking in . Wrong . It was on . It IS that quiet . Everything else -- the fact that it works really well and was easy to install , is gravy . The thing is quiet . My husband and I were amazed .
 I would recommend this disposer to anyone ! It is incredibly quiet and very easy to install . You will need another person to hold the unit while you make the plumbing connections ... not a big deal . The whole process took about an hour and a half , and I HATE plumbing . I checked prices at all of the `` home improvement '' stores and the Amazon price was the best . If this unit fits your needs ... BUY IT !!
 I replaced an Insinkerator Badger 5 , which had started to make strange noises after 14 years of use , with this unit . The timing was right because the price was right . There 's no comparison between this unit and the Badger 5 . The Badger frightened some of my family when they used it because of the noise level . This unit is extremely quiet and works quickly and efficiently , barely audible with the faucet on and installation was quick and easy .
 Unfortunately I had to buy mine at a `` big box '' store as Christmas was looming and I had to work fast . It truly is so quiet that I have to double check the wall switch to make sure it is off . I liked this more compact model as it was difficult enough to hold and fit on the mount ... anything bigger would have been more than a one man job and there is not a lot of room under most sinks . It was not really a difficult job , however , I have a skill level that turns a one hour job into an all afternoon project . I suppose most people have plumbers putty , wire nuts , etc. . I had to run to the store to finish the job up and of course that always adds on another hour . Given that , I must say that it took a lot of sheer strength to hold it with one hand and tighten the ring on . It was not easy and it took a little vaseline to get the rubber to slide in it 's mount properly . Having said all this , when I actually turned it on , as another reader said , I was beginning to wonder if I might have crossed wires or something . Nope , it really is that quiet . Oh yes , it also seems to grind up things with vigor . I feel good about the purchase and that is not always the case . My only experience was about five years ago when I put one in our old house . It seems I had the same trouble getting it to link up with the sink that time as well . I could actually install it in an hour now but I hope this wo n't be a problem again for many years . Hopefully my friends and relatives wo n't read this review .
 I replaced my old InSinkErator by this new model . I have to say I am very impressed . It is so quiet that I am afraid that I will forget that it is on . Replacing was relatively easy since this was the same brand as my old one I did not need to buy the power cord . Overall I am very happy with this unit . It 's been six months and no problems .
 This disposer replaced a a very loud and huge one that was many years old . My husband installed it on his own quickly and easily - he read other reviews which were helpful with the installation process . It was up and running in less than an hour . Man , this thing is quiet as a mouse ... when it 's running it makes the same sound as a `` dead '' or jammed disposer . I did n't realize it was grinding when we first flipped the switch ! And grinds everything we put down there . It does n't take up tons of space under the sink . The only con so far is the rubber lip around the drain . It 's pretty stiff so I have to shove stuff down the drain with a spoon . Sometimes water has a hard time getting down the drain if some food blocks the stiff opening , so water backs up into the sink until I press the food down and get the water flowing down again . its really not that big of a deal , just something i noticed on occasion . Hoping the rubber softens over time . Other than that con , this thing is awesome ! Would buy another in a heartbeat !
 I purchased this disposer on Amazon in Sept. 2012 to replace an ailing General Electric model that looks like it may be older than I am . I was expecting the installation of this new disposer to occupy me for most of the evening , but I was happy to be mistaken . The instructions are very detailed , and from start to finish , including removing the old disposer and hooking up the electric and plumbing , this install took me 45 minutes . I was lucky enough that the pipes lined up perfectly , so there was no cutting of the tail pipe for me , which might have brought the installation time up to an hour.Some important things to note for the install : - Do not over-tighten the mounting screws on the sink flange . My first attempt at mounting the flange failed because I went too tight and the snap ring flew off the bottom of the flange . It sounded like something broke , but I was happy to see it was just the ring flying off.You need to supply : - plumbers putty for around the sink flange.Stainless Plumber 's Putty , 14 oz-a 3/8 '' wire clamp to screw into the bottom of the unit.Halex 90512 Clamp Connector for Non-Metallic Cable-2 wire nuts.Gardner Bender 10-003 Wire Gard Orange Wire Connectors , 100-PackTools you may need : - Philips Screwdriver -LRB- for the mounting screws , and the wire clamp . -RRB- - Slotted Screwdriver -LRB- to pry the snap ring open on the sink flange , and to hit with the hammer to open the dishwasher inlet . -RRB- - Hammer -LRB- to break the seal for the dishwasher inlet . -RRB- - Channel Locks -LRB- I needed these to loosen the drain lines on the old disposer . -RRB- Now , on to my thoughts on the product itself . This disposer is the quietest disposer I have ever heard . Period . When I finished installation , I turned on the water and flipped the switch on the wall . I thought something was wrong , maybe I messed up the wiring - No , it 's just that quiet . I actually had to throw a cucumber down the drain to make some noise , I could n't tell if it was running otherwise.In addition to being ridiculously quiet , there is one major improvement I noticed on this unit over my old GE model . The connection to the sink , the connection to the drain , and the connection to the dishwasher are all rubber . This should help eliminate any vibration or noise from traveling out of the unit and into the sink / pipes.The quality of the unit seems to be pretty good , and I 'll be sure to post with any updates as I get the unit more broken in .
 Installing this disposal was very easy . It was light weight , fittings and power were easy to attach , and it has been running hard for two weeks with no problems . Client is very happy with its quietness and easy operation from the sink top . I have put in dozens of disposals and I will recommend one of these InSinkErators whenever I can .
 I have now owned the InSinkErator Evolution for over a year after a major kitchen remodel and it has exceeded our expectations . It 's very quiet for a waste disposal and it has no problems at all destroying any food we send down the drain . My wife and I have been very happy we decided to add this in on our kitchen remodel !
 I have this model that I picked up from a local Home Depot store . I read the reviews here on Amazon before making the purchase , and was intrigued by all the , `` It 's so quiet '' comments . I did n't really think much about it , but decided to purchase this instead of the lower cost Badger models . I 'm VERY glad I did . It 's insanely quiet ! The other reviews are correct . The install was simple as well , and only took about 30 minutes . That included tracing down power to the location of my sink which was n't labeled on my breaker box . I would highly recommend this unit based on my initial impressions of it .
 This disposer was purchased as a replacement for a very old InSinkerator when the kitchen was remodeled . I chose the Evolution because of how quiet it was and also past experience with InSinkerator . My mother has one and I could n't believe how quiet it was . That was what convinced me that I wanted the Evolution . The great reviews online and in Consumer Reports and 4 year in-home warranty further convinced me to purchase this one . I am very happy with how well it processes the food . It was installed by the kitchen remodeler so ca n't comment on how easy the installation was . I 've been using it for about a month . I would recommend this model to anyone .
 I replaced an older model whose plastic housing broke over 4 years of wear and tear . This model is much better constructed , and easy to work on . It is also really quiet and does n't shake the whole kitchen while it is in use !
 Great product with a great warranty ! Liked it so much I bought a second one . Easy to install with excellent installation DVD .
 This is my second Garbage Disposal . The replacement was very easy to install if instructions are followed . The first one lasted over 20 years , and the only problem with it was a seal . I will probably keep it as a spare.Amazon had great price and the shipping was right on time .
 Have had it a month and it works great . It 's compact so it 's great for space under the sink yet its super strong and amazingly quiet . We went from an old badger I think it was 1/3hp to this and man is the noise difference noticeable . I did n't realize garbage disposals could be so quiet !
 I replaced my 8yr old badger 1/3 model with this 3/4 compact model.Lets start off with the install . Overall the install was pretty straight foward . I had to get a new seal/gasket between the machine and the sink because my sink has a mount with a white cap on it and I wanted to keep the drain opening white so I kept the sink portion and reused the badger gasket/seal . So I 'm not using new designed seal that is supposed to create a water dam and allows for quick removal for cleaning . I also had to run to the hardware store to get a new pipe for the other side of the sink . This new compactor has the rubber outlet mount with a clamp on the drain discharge so I needed to get a new down pipe with a compression fitting to accept the drain from the disposer to the main line.So aside from that it was a pretty simple install . It runs pretty quite but maybe it would be quieter if I had used the new baffle with the water dam tech . I noticed the lights dim a bit more when I run it . Must be larger current draw compared to the 1/3hp motor . I ground up some veggies and ice just for fun last night and it chewed through them with minimal issue . I would say the vibration is reduced during the work load but it was n't as drastic as I thought it would be.So in the end I bought this item + a new plastic drain piece at the big box store . I was able to reuse the power cord and sink mount from my badger . Install was n't bad . noise level was reduced . but it is a little pricey .
 Ordered from Amazon.com . Really easy to install . Great instructions . This thing is so quiet you must remember to turn off the switch . Bet it will last over 25 years . The one it replaced lasted 25 years and the new one looks better built .
 I bought mine at Ace Hardware and paid $ 179 . A little higher then most here paid but the guy spent 15 minutes explaining how to get the old out and the new in.It 's a great product . Super quiet and grinding all the food I put in it . Was very easy to install and I would say the instructions were pretty good . Much better then most . The electrical was an easy hook-up . A couple of wire nuts and it 's done . Took me less then 45 minutes to remove the old and install the new one , ca n't ask for a simpler install . I did do it myself but an extra hand would have been helpful as it 's heavy and hard to hold when you latch it back on . I really like the removable rubber flange . My last one was not removable.I mentioned this before but super quiet , I ca n't believe how quiet.Product is made in the USA and I like that . Money that says home is well spent .
 I originally installed this Insinkerator 555-SS unit in 2000 . 12 years later , one of the actuator arms that swing inside the grinder part broke off . I considered replacing the unit , or repairing it . I called the Insinkerator folks , and they recommended parts dealer Carroll Parts at 1-800-654-3545 . The folks at Carroll were very helpful , and for $ 48 I could purchase the replacement rotating plate with two new singing actuators.Aside from this breakage , the unit has been great - I agree with all the praise written in these reviews . The Carroll folks said the current model 555 does not have a replaceable grinding plate -- I would have to replace the entire unit if a new one broke like this.So I ordered the new part . Two days later , it arrived . It took one hour to remove and replace this component . You need a bench vise , allen wrench and 3/8 '' 13mm socket . 40 ft-lbs of torque later , that nut was loosened and replaced . A snap for your typical garage handyman.I admit that I had a lot of difficulty remounting the unit , as some have described . I saw the suggestion of using a small car scissor jack . WOW , that worked perfectly . That was a fantastic suggestion , and made a difficult chore a piece of cake . Holding the unit in place as the mounting flange lined up with the top of the sink mount was a breeze.So the unit is back together and running like new.SamG
 Was n't expecting much since my life does n't revolve around appliances and DIY weekends . I 'm a fairly shallow consumer so I totally bought this on looks vs performance reviews . This thing is quiet ! And very easy to install . Well written and designed instructions.Yeah , I ca n't see it under my kitchen sink but I know it 's still looking awesome under there !!!
 Lives up to its reputation - great waste disposer - easy to install and hook up - efficient and quiet . We are very pleased and would buy again .
 WOW ! So much power in this tiny model!And it is so quiet you ca n't even tell when it 's on!Very easy to install !
 Very good and quiet operation compared to the unit it replaced .3 / 4 HP is the better minimum choice for most households -- IMOBe aware that unit doe 's not come with power cord but if it isa replacement then you can probably use the previous wiring , otherwise you will need to purchase the cord separately.One last reminder ... be sure to break out the plastic stopperif your are adding the drain hose from a dishwasher !!
 Just installed today . Replacing old badger 5 which lasted many years . A great smooth operating product but to be honest , not as quite as I expected , especially for the money . A very well made unit that I 'm sure will live up to its claims
 This model insinkerator evolution built to last , run much quiter , you will pay a little more then the cheaper one which will not last long , the istalliation took about an hour , the old one would not turn off had to get a hammer and chissal to loosned it after that the install went in easily .
 We just purchased another InSinkErator Compact Evolution Household Food Waste Disposal in Gray . Our last one just died on us and it was 16 years old . The quality is great and oh so quiet compared to our last one . The one feature I love about it is that the rubber can be taken out and periodically cleaned underneath which the old one could n't be and that was a hassle cleaning . I hope this one lasts as long as the first one we had . As far as we are concerned you can depend on the name InSinkErator for quality . Also , my husband had no trouble installing it himself .
 I just purchased and installed this unit and the power cord -LRB- sold separately -RRB- . The install was pretty straight forward and simple . I had never installed or removed a disposal before . I removed the old until in bout 2 - 3 minutes . I used all of the new parts which came in the box replacing the old part . The hardest part of the install was lining the disposal up , under the sink , and connecting it to the flange -LRB- which still was n't difficult took about 5 minutes -RRB- . I ran the water for a couple of minutes while checking for leaks . I was pleasantly surprised when we turned the disposal on . It was so much quieter than the old unit . In fact , I actually thought , is it working ? When the old unit began to malfunction sometimes it would only hum , opposed to spinning as it should . I 'm if you are looking for a new disposal , then you know the humming sound I 'm talking about . This new unit , running , chopping food , is about as loud as that hum .
 We 've been using this `` Evolution '' model for three years since we moved to a new house . It is installed under a Kohler cast iron sink . Pineapple , banana , chicken bone are no problem . I even throw beef shank bone , and it does it job , too . My kids does drop some metal spoon inside , and so far it still alive . One complaint I have is the noise . Still too loud , I wish the next generation could be quieter .
 I missed a sale at a better price but this item was still offered at a lower price than the local home centers . I installed it yesterday and surprised myself with how easy it was . It was replacing an existing , failed unit under a new sink , I therefore was able to use the cord from the old unit . It is quiet but as noted in other reviews the baffle that helps with the sound does slow the passage of water and intake of garbage . So far , it 's early , but I 'm happy with my choice and with this transaction through Amazon and the third party , delivery took three days .
 If you 've ever had your kitchen remodeled there are certain items that you forget about . This was one of them . After realizing that we would need a new garbage disposal , I did some significant research online and throughout Amazon . I ultimately decided on this model due to the overall reviews , price point , the name recognition and the fact that this one claimed to be quieter than the rest . I also discovered this to be the same model we have in my work lunchroom , which you can hardly hear when its being used . Well the kitchen has been completed for over a month now and there have been zero issues . It does its job efficiently and quietly . I would highly recommend this product if you 're in the market for a new one . As some have mentioned , be sure to purchase the power cord since this is not included .
 In the month or so since we installed the InSinkErator Evolution 3/4HP disposer , it has lived up to its favorable reviews . It is extremely quiet and performs as advertised . We were able to install it ourselves in about one hour , replacing an older InSinkErator 3/4HP disposer . The old model did not last as long as I expected , so my only concern is whether this model will be equally short-lived . For now , I recommend it .
 As others have said the unit is easy to install and it is quiet . So quiet I thought the `` hum '' was because the motor was stuck . It was n't . My original garbage disposal , an insinkerator , started leaking on Sunday , I ordered this on Sunday as well , received it on Tuesday , amazon prime member , and installed it immediately . Meanwhile , back up one day , on Monday I stopped at Sears just to see what was there and ended up with a Kenmore Elite 1.0 hp garbage disposal with a 10 year in home parts and labor warranty . -LRB- 4 years for this insinkerator -RRB- I installed it Monday night . My dilemma , the Kenmore is about as quiet , no double grinding , powerful motor , and very nice warranty , but about one hundred forty dollars more . I 'm staying with the insinkerator . I hope I do n't regret this one.Update . It 's been a week and I 'm even more impressed with this product . With my dishwasher going and the tv on I turned the disposal on and actually forgot to turn it off because it runs so quietly . I 'm very pleased with my choice .
 I am so impressed ! Was replacing a Badger series ISE . When it quit working it would only hummmm but not spin . The new one -LRB- which installed easily with the existing ISE hardware -RRB- is as loud running as the old one was NOT running -LRB- just humming -RRB- ! Very happy . -LRB- and I am usually hard to impress -RRB-
 Excellent machine . Powerful and yet quiet . I love that you can easily remove the black sink guard to see down the drain and retrieve items easily . Beware : It does n't come with a power cord though.Be sure to order one with it .
 My Waste-King locked up solid after only a year - apparantly their ` warranty ' is n't even worth the paper it 's printed on so I bought an Insinkerator Badger 5 which was defective by design . I took the Badger right back for a refund . After hunting around a bit I came across the Evolution which , although still made by Insinkerator , is clearly made to a higher standard . Even though it costs a lot more than the Badger I could see the metal body was n't going to fail in the same way the Badger 's plastic will.The Badger and the Evolution both use the same sink assembly which is a total pain to install . The trick is to put a heavy weight on top of the assembly as you struggle to get the snap ring into place . I put a 10lb tin of peaches in the sink over the assembly and then put the Evolution on top of that . With my wife 's help we got the snap ring on in about two minutes compared to the ten minutes it took without the peaches.The lock ring that connects the body to the sink assembly was only held in place by a plastic collar on the Badger which simply was n't good enough . The lock ring on the Evolution is held in place with a metal collar . It actually does the job . Yay - that was much easier . Even though it 's a lot heavier , getting a good seal to the sink assembly was easier than with any other garbage disposer I 've installed.Now the Evolution is wider than the old garbage disposer so I had to cut 1/2 '' off the horizontal pvc pipe that ties it into the plumbing . You have to cut the down pipe to length anyway so the extra cut is no big deal . Attaching the dishwasher is easy if you remember to remove the plug before you install it :--RRB- I 'll try to remember that next time.Be aware you will need to buy a strain relief for the electrical wires . I do n't know why they do n't include one - they know you will need it . At this price that 's inexcusable . However the electrical work is very easy . I had to use an external connector box but most people should be able to complete the connections inside the disposer 's body.So now I flip the switch . I works beautifully . It 's quiet and efficient.One reviewer was disappointed theirs only lasted five years . I 'd be thrilled to find a garbage disposer that lasted that long . Not a negative in my opinion . If this lasts five years I will happily replace it with another one .
 This product was easy to install and gives the appearance of highquality materials . Packaging was good . Instructions were clear and concise.Completed within two hours by myself with just plumbers putty and a screwdriver.Very surprised how quiet the operation is . Almost so quiet that I wondered if itwas actually working!Only slight gripe is that they should include the electrical wire clamp ! I usedthe old one off my existing appliance.Be sure that the power is off when you install ! Use a digital voltmeter to confirm !
 It works well but it is a little noiser than what I expected . I will probably go to the less expensive model next time since I do n't really dispose too much kitchen waste through the waste disposer .
 The compact Insinkerator Evolution is ultra quiet and powerful . Easy to install and a wonderful replacement for my old Insinkerator . Amazon made it easy and delivery was right on time , as always ! Thanks ! A winner !
 Two Grind Stages Quickly Grind Difficult Foods makes it easy to use and it is Quieter Than Standard Disposers . Ideal Choice for Small Households and Restricted Cabinet Space with Quick Lock Sink Mount Allows Easy Installation and Replacement of any Disposer . Big plus !
 This is a very good unit . The motor is very quiet , but also does not bog down at all with normal foods . It grinds chicken bones in a flash . I highly recommend this to anyone !
 This disposer is amazingly quiet . You can hardly hear anything . Works far better than the larger one that I replaced , which I was surprised . It must be the new grinding technology . Do not hesitate to buy this disposer . You wo n't be disappointed .
 It 's awesome . The installation was a breeze . It works well and is very quiet . I would recomend it to everyone .
 I bought this to replace the dead one which was installed by builder.It 's definately far better than that one - quiet . And also much easier to install.Plus 4 year in-home service is a good value .
 Got this to replace a badger 1.0 . Easy to install , although it is a bit bigger in diameter than my old one so my 90 degree pipe is a bit crooked once installed . I just made sure everything was tighten and no leak . This thing is quiet ! No need to think twice , just buy it . You will not regret it .
 Quiet and powerful , very compact and easy to install . Unit is what I needed for a limited space installation . Based on previous experience with this brand looking forward to many years of good service from this unit . Just wish they would include a power cord wit the unit but you can always use the cord from your old disposal . Pricing was very good better than I could find locally .
 This is the first time I am replacing a garbage disposer.First , the install instructions were very clear . I had no difficulty understanding or following it . The product does NOT include a power cord . The description does not state anything on it though . I used the power cord from my old garbage disposer . You might want to do your homework on other accessories that will need to complete the installation . It would be helpful if the product description included what 's in the box . Give about 30 minutes for installation.Second , the product is a very good quality one . It 's now couple of weeks since I bought and installed it . It 's way quieter than the old one -LRB- badger -RRB- that I replaced . I am very happy with the product performance .
 because it was so quiet !!! Seriously , I could barely tell it was running . Other than that it appears to do what it is supposed to do which is grind up food.I first saw this disposal at a local home store . It was on display with a badger 500 and the top of the line InSinkErator so you could compare the noise level of all three . The badger was definitely the loudest and sounded like the disposal I was replacing . This one was quieter and the top of the line model quieter yet . I opted for the middle of the road based on pricing and am very happy with my decision . Our family room is just off the kitchen and in the past when watching TV my wife would give me a warning that she was turning on the disposal so I could increase the volume . That will no longer be necessary . If you want quiet buy this one and save your money over the top of the line model ... unless you need the added HP it affords .
 First , the handyman I hired did not need the electrical cord -LRB- just re-used the old one -RRB- or the diswasher fittings which I bot with the unit . I was able to return those unopened for a refund , a pleasant surprise.The disposer works better than expected . It replaced a 1/2 HP unit that was 7 years old and sounded like a bad transmission on a Mack truck . It was a bit bigger than expected , but as an added benefit , the necessary re-plumbing makes the whole sink plus the diswasher function better than when I had it first installed.I was quoted $ 75 to install it , but then needed all the plumbing under the sink replaced plus replacement of one drain . The job ran $ 150 , took half a day.The disposer exceeds my expectations and hopefully will significantly outlast the prior unit .
 Can anyone really get excited about a garbage disposal , its something you need and once installed its kinda forgotten . But this thing is kinda cool . The evolution replaced our basic Insinkerator model which had failed . The decrease in noise and vibration was amazing , just a barely noticeable hum when running and it does seem to process waste faster . Have not had the courage to place a large load of potato skins just yet , an item our base model had trouble with.Installation was a breeze , current plumbing just required a slight shift in position with no cutting . The one issue is that due to the sound proofing insulation the device is larger taking up a bit more space under the counter . Prices were comparable to big box stores.The cost of the evolution models is more than the base models , but if you can swing it the difference is noticeable and worth the added cost .
 This product is extremely quite , easy to install and I would n't trade it for anything . I recommend it for everyone !!!
 Easy install , like the rubber isolator for the tailpiece pipe exiting the disposer . Very quiet in operation . I have put in about 10 disposers over the years for me and others , this was one of the easiest .
 We replaced a bottom of the line InSinkErator that lasted six years , because it ended up having a crack/leak in the main housing . This model is much quieter than the basic version , in particular since it has a big sound insulation blanket around it . So , if the noise of the cheaper units annoys you , this one is noticeably quieter . Ca n't say it works any better , but hoping it does last longer . EZ Installation by the way .
 Who ever thought someone could make a garbage disposer that was so quiet you almost have to check to see if you turned it off . Nice unit !
 I highly recommend the Evolution Series to anyone looking for a new garbage disposal . I agree with a prior reviewer , there are other places where you can find the Evolution Compact for more money , so it 's worth buying from Amazon unless you want to go to Home Depot and pick it up the same day and pay more.I installed the unit in one hour . Great instructions.Product Features : Two Grind Stages Quickly Grind Difficult FoodsAt Least 30 % Quieter Than Standard DisposersIdeal Choice for Small Households and Restricted Cabinet SpaceQuick Lock Sink Mount Allows For Easy Installation and Replacement of any Disposer4 Year In Home Warranty on Parts and LaborBest part about this purchase is it Ships from and sold by Amazon.com . I 'm a Prime member so I got it in two days .
 This is the finest garbage disposer I have ever owned . It 's unbelievably quiet and quickly disposes of everything that I put in it . I installed it myself using the detailed instructions supplied . So far , so good .
 I replaced a InSinkErator Badger 5 that was 12 years old and all rusted out with this one . The old one was way too loud and kept getting jammed up . This one is so quiet I first thought there was a problem with it , but then I realized it was just that quiet . The install went pretty smooth , the hardest part is geting the wires connected up , the wires from the switch on mine were super heavy duty gauge and were a bitch to manipulate through the hole and get connected . The drain pipe on mine needed to be trimmed down slightly to fit since this one is a little fatter I guess . Once I got everything installed it worked like a charm . I love it . I 'm looking for stuff to grind up now . I hope this one lasts as long or longer than the last one that was the el-cheapo model
 I put this in to replace an existing but older ISE disposer -LRB- the 444 , if it makes a difference -RRB- , and the installation was a snap . Once I hooked everything up and tested it out , I was a little concerned because I did n't hear the disposer making the same amount of sound that the old one made . That is a very nice feature in general , but could be somewhat dangerous if you 're not expecting it -- how would you know if the thing was ON ?? So far , after a month , it eats food waste as well as the old one and has n't leaked even a little . For me , that 's a win . Just be aware that the thing is awfully quiet -- like , &#34; there 's something stuck in it and it is n't moving , &#34; quiet -- but it is actually spinning and working .
 Old one broken - - price was right and service excellent . When was installed it was so quiet I was n't sue it was running .
 Bought this to replace the junk Badger 1 , as installed by builders everywhere . The Evolution is very quiet , and attached to the same sink connector as the previous Badger -LRB- circa 2010 -RRB- . The electrical cord was also reusable . Grinds quickly and quietly . Ca n't yet say how long lasting it will be . One minor negative compared to the Badger 1 , it does not seem to pull water/food down the sink hole with the same vigor . You have to push more stuff down the sink hole . Mine came with tail fittings for connecting to a dual sink waste trap , or for a single sink waste trap . The splash guard also detaches for easy cleaning . I think that * maybe * this splash guard is not as flexible as the old non-detachable one , and perhaps this is why waste food needs a push to get it down .
 I bought one of these with some sandpaper . The box of sandpaper cost more then this bar , in a few months the sandpaper will be gone . I will be using the Superbar for years . The edges are ground smooth the little V for pulling nails is ground well , the balance and flex are just perfect . Another reviewer said the price was `` appropriate '' Please , I have bought many tools that were far more money then this and have not been even 1/10 as satisfied .
 Review of Vaughan B215L SuperBar , 21-Inch LongI bought a cheap 15 inch knock-off of this tool from Harbor Freight a few years ago just to see if this form of pry bar would be useful to me . It has been.With a big siding-removal project in the works I decided to invest in a better quality version , and get something just a bit longer . Turns out it was a very good decision . The quality of this tool is far superior to the HF knock-off . As another reviewer mentioned , the ends and nail pulling slot are nicely ground . Seems like it 's made with higher quality steel as well , since this 21 inch bar is not much heavier than the knock-off even though it 's 40 % longer . It 's a very good size and weight for removal of plastic siding , easy to carry with me up and down the ladder all day . Quite good at nail pulling , although there are specialized nail pullers available that will do a better job in really tough situations.Helpful tip
 This is pure USA quality . I have used it ripping out my old deck and it worked like a charm ... stay away from that knockoff Chinese stuff and buy the real deal . This is actually made with steel made in the USA .
 The fit and finish on this tool is excellent . This tool was manufactured in the USA.I purchased this to help with demolition work in my garage . I removed the outer brick molding , garage door thermal break , and the primary molding surrounding the garage door . To put this into perspective , the brick molding is roughly the size of a 2x4 , and the primary molding is 3/4 '' x 51/2 '' . The molding was secured with 3 '' nails . I already owned some much larger pry bars for serious work , but I wanted something that would get behind some of these tight fitting moldings and then provide some serious prying action.The Vaughan B215L Original SuperBar worked really well . It can be tough to rip out wood attached with 3 '' nails , but this bar was both sufficiently small to wedge behind the molding , and long enough 9and strong enough -RRB- to then leverage the molding out . I am glad that I went with the 21 '' model -LRB- as opposed to one size smaller -RRB- . During the course of the demolition , the bar may have been smacked a few times with a hammer , and I was surprised that no obvious marks were left on the SuperBar . the strikes were only sufficient to drive the bar behind a few of the pieces that were really tight , but it was very fast . Highly recommended .
 Added to my earthquake-readiness shack outside the house , just in case.Quality moderately well.Quick shipping and fair price.Go and get one !
 Being a flood remediation tech , I 've got a shop full of tools to bring to every job . I never leave without this one , even if it 's just an appraisal . I can do almost any job with the superbar a utility knife and a Philips head . If you do any kind of construction or demo , you need this bar . Period .
 This is thin enough to get under molding , but strong enough to pry a 2x4 off . Long enough to get leverage but light enough to use all day long with little fatigue . It 's especially good with trim , taking out old windows , removing lath , prying siding off , and prying old wood flooring off , things that are nailed down too close to get a big crowbar under and too tight to use a wimpy crowbar on . It 's made in the USA .
 This tool is great for prying , levering , splitting , pulling - on whatever you need pryed , levered , split , or fulled . The angles , curve , and bevels are just right - a simple tool very well done . Get one - it will save you time , effort , and agravation .
 Perfect design . It flexes a little but , it is to be expected . It is only metal after all . I have to use a larger/thicker bar for the serious prying . The price is appropriate which is a contributing factor to my five star review .
 There is not much to say about crow bars . The finish is fine and it is stiff . One off for price
 Excellent value . Solid piece . Well made . Bottom cabinet comes fully assembled . You just have to attach the granite top . Nice service also from the seller .
 this was a gift for my carpenter husband ... his coworkers are always asking him where he got it . It has been holding up for over 6 months now and it gets some serious use . He works in arctic conditions so it is exposed to constant use and harsh weather ... a solid buy .
 This small light weight gadget is great , I have been using this product for years now and it has saved me alot of time and money in the form of replacing tools that have broken because they have fallen to the floor after balancing them on a ladder . I suggest getting two in case you break or lose one .
 this is great , secures the drill , nail gun tight on the belt hook . love it!Note will not support a framing nailer , also be careful where you put the hook on your belt . to the side or back is best . If on front when bending over the drill pops out .
 From a Builder in Australia . We are building a complicated Timber roof frame and spend a lot of time up high.Each carpenter and labourer has a holder . For Makita impact drivers and cordless drills . Climbing over the roof frame with hands free and tools secured and available for use . Pretty comfortable , if you do n't mind the extra weight on your hips . We love them .
 Having first seen this product used by the installer for my garage door I was intrigued . He explained to me that it worked well for the amount of abuse he gave his tools . Having recently procured one myself , to aid me in keeping my tools on me as I remodel my basement and garage I must say I am delighted with this tool . It Fits every tool I have . I can put up to four of them on my work belt and carry every tool I need for a job at the top of a ladder . -LRB- I do not like heights so the fewer trips up a ladder the better -RRB- . As for the complaints about large tools , please not that on the manufacuters web site they say that Bigg Lugg 2 is rated for tools under 10 lbs.Bottom line ; I like this product so much not only will I be getting more of them for myself I will be giving them as presents to my friends .
 Works as promised . Appreciate having my cordless securely attached to my belt when I 'm up on the ladder . It does n't make your toolbelt wider when going through doors as the holster does . Only gripe is when you take your toolbelt off it unhooks and you have to put it back on when you wear the toolbelt again
 good for a great variety of power tool , even I prefere a hook for my cordless drills
 Most of you are probably familiar now with the metal bigg lugg tool holder originally designed for cordless tools particularly drills.WELL - Things have even gotten BETTER ! The fine folks at bigg lugg have come up with the `` Bigg Lugg 2 '' , sad to say my original big luggs are going to be sitting in the trailer quite a bit now.Listen UP ! if you are a carpenter , sheet rocker , plumber , electrician or any other construction trade you need to check these things out.The keystone of this system is a unique belt clip with a cushioned non slip design that you can easily position on your belt or tool belt . Then an ingenious bungee strap securely fastens around your tool handle , it can be used for left hand or right hand applications.Furthermore , it adapts to odd handle shapes even hammer handles , when positioned near the head of the hammer . The retaining system utilizes a special cone/ball combination that allows it to connect easily with the belt clip . This unique ball and socket connection allows free movement of the tool when you are walking or climbing a ladder or scaffolding , while still allowing incredibly fast access to the tool when needed.I highly reccomend this product and applaude the creativity that went into it 's design.ps - I am going to be ordering a couple of their NEW ladder luggs and will provide further info after I have had time to field test them.jim
 This is a great doo-dad ; it works perfectly -LRB- as opposed to the original hook , which I could never seem to find with the tool , could n't seem to get the tool off of , and was always falling off or getting hooked on something -RRB- . One initial problem I had with it was that I did n't like the space it takes on cordless drill/driver handles . Solution was to replace the drill strap with the bungee . To make it perfect I shortened the bungee length about 21/2 '' by popping the red cap off , pulling the bungee ends out and recrimping one end shorter -LRB- hack the cord out of the crimp and enlarge it by driving a punch into it -RRB- . Now the drill/driver does n't wack my thigh .
 The new Bigg Lugg is a vast improvement over the original version . Although handy , the original was obtrusive in the open position , regularly getting caught on things . The new model has eliminated that problem . We purchased them for all of our Maintenance personnel and have had many compliments on the design changes .
 Works reasonably well , but I wish it would snap in place more easily - and at the same time , I wish it would stay in the socket more reliably . In other words , it works , but it has limitations .
 I bought this about a year ago , and now have bungee balls on all my nailers , staplers , and saws . The hook side is solid and holds firmly to my belt , and the round plastic bit keeps the weight of the tool from digging into my thigh quite well . None of the dozen or so bungees I employ have broken , and they where I put them without slipping or turning on the tool . The ladder hook , however , did break and should be redesigned . \ I do have a few comments to address some of the complaints other reviews have made : Some say having the bungee on a tool takes up too much space on the handle or makes using the tool uncomfortable , but I 've been able to spot them well , usually just under where the bottom of your palm would grip.I 've heard complaints that the tool slaps against or digs into a leg . Much of this can be remedied by adjusting the bungee placement - an adjustment that is not possible with a hook.It is true that if one jumps or runs with a tool in the holder , it can bounce out . This is not a shortcoming for several reasons :1 . One should not run or jump when using power tools .2 . This is great for holding tools while working on a ladder . Again , one should already be employing deliberate movements .3 . The holder is great for keeping a tool at hand while placing material , as in sheeting a wall.Plan ahead and set out your tools where you need them , and you wo n't have to walk across the jobsite with a stapler enthusiastically greeting you in a personal area .
 Have been re-modeling my kitchen and using the Bigg Lugg 2 belt clip for weeks now . What a great product ! Easy to use and does n't get in the way of tight spaces.I wrapped the bungee cords on three tools and just left on permanently . One on a 14v cordless drill , one on a stapler , and one on a caulk gun . You can even hold smaller tools if you put a knot in the bungee to tighten it up.I received my first Bigg Lugg 2 via a trade show , and I know the company has more products coming -LRB- see my review of their Ladder Lugg -RRB- . Now I 'm ordering another , and maybe soon , more bungees.As a non-professional carpenter , I need all the help I can get . This system makes every job , go smoother .
 I got this gift for my two adult sons who are in construction . I had read about it in a handyman magazine ; neither of them had heard of it . One of my sons has already said it is better than anything he has had before . It is easy to use , lightweight , and really secures the tools .
 The lads I work with have these and they love them . Had to have my own . A fantastic but simple bit of kit
 This was an order for a replacement belt clip . I lost the first one , and was surprised how much and how quickly I missed it . Very handy for carrying a drill driver up and down ladders with other things in your hands .
 Excellent product . It 's been working like a charm , winter and summer long . I use it for my waterfall pond , more than plenty power to pump water from 10 feet below . I have yet to use the accessories for fountains , but I 'm sure it would have enough power to shoot it up in the air . Easy to assemble , maintenance is a breeze , has a convenient place for cleaning the filter . So far so good . I would buy it again .
 We have bought many pumps mostly from Lowes . This is a strong pump and much bigger than it looks . It really pumps the water in our 16x20 pond . great product for a reasonable price .
 This is a new pump for me , as I recently upgraded from a much smaller Sunterra pump . It 's efficient , quiet and runs 24x7 unless I have it shutdown for cleaning the filter system.I 've never had a problem with the pump shutting off , the impeller jamming or breaking or other issues . The flow is outstanding , and it really keeps the water running nicely over my waterfall.I would buy another if I needed an additional pump .
 This pump Sucks in the Best possible way ! Going on a year of constant use in an outdoor koi pond , this thing really kicks out the water with no signs of slowing down . &#34; Fairly &#34; quiet operation if it 's on a stable surface . I would buy this pump again .
 The house I bought 8 years ago had a little pond/fountain in the back yard that had a Little Giant pump in it . When it broke I replaced it with another Little Giant pump and it did not last long and was n't cheap either . This time I decided to try something different . This little guy has a much higher output and is completely enclose , so there will be no oil leaks like I had with the older pump , plus it handles nasty dirty water with no problem . Love it .
 First pump I received was broken , I notified Amazon right away and received a replacement next shipping day . My pond is around 3,000 gallons , I also have a Beckett 3500gph pump , which works with my skimmer and water fall.I have installed the new SUNTERRA 202000 POND PUMP 2000 GPH and it is working fine . Very happy with the amount of water flow it is producing and the pump is doing a good job of helping my pond stay clean.My pump stopped working after installing it on June 30th , just a month and 3 days of use .
 First scroll chuck I purchased.And i can just feel that it is a quality product.And its a dream to use .
 I own many Woodline router bit sets , including this one , and every one of them has been very impressive with no exception . The bits are very well made with perfect carbide edges and never a scratch on any of them . They can cut all day without a problem . The cuts are always very smooth even when cuts are very aggressive using the larger bits.The bits have a lifetime warranty which is an indicator of the faith Woodline has in their own product . Woodline 's customer service was very helpful and courteous in the one occasion when I contacted them about a different product .
 This set gives a wide variety of bits to choose from without the cost . Great entry set which will allow you to see which bits you use the most and would warrant investing in high quality bits one at a time.Great for novice to intermediate use . Surprisingly sharp and durable for the price .
 The perfect `` Splinter getter outer . '' I use these all the time , especially on my kids . They are a must in every household .
 I use this screwdriver in a production environment . I can honestly sayIt is the best I have ever used . The Handle will last a lifetime . The bladeswill last far longer than the junk you purchase at Home Dept or Lowes.Replacement blades can be purchased at Commando Products . And thecustomer service at Commando Products is second to none .
 I needed a small screwdriver to take to work with me and this one is great and everything fits in the handle great price works fine
 I always liked a quality tool and do not like plastic . Although this screwdriver is a lot more expensive , if you can afford it I reccommend it . I only with they made a high quality aluminum one with larger bits such as a # 1 and # 2 phillips . Seems only stanley has a pen size # 2 phillips but its in a plastic housing .
 I just ordered my second one after my first one ran for about five years non stop . The pond is dirty with no prefilter so it has to deal with a lot of gunk . It also ran dry a few times due to other plumbing issues and somehow managed to keep running without burning out . In short , I abused the thing and it ran like a champ for five years with no problems . Did n't even consider another brand to replace it .
 Quick delivery . Pump works great . Pump was described as stated in the add . I 'll do business again . Amazon , you 're the best.Thank you .
 I recently purchased this pump for use in a garden pond approximately 12 ` X12 ' to power a waterfall and a fountain . The waterfall is approximately 2 ft. wide and 18 '' above the pond . I am well pleased with the flow rate . The pond sometimes has silt in the water when it is being cleaned but it does n't seem to affect the flow . The fountain sprays approximately 5 ' high through an 18 jet nozzle . The pump appears to be well constructed and operates very quietly . This pump replaced a similar pump by a different manufacturer which proved to be defective after only 16 months . The instruction sheet that comes with the unit states that the 3000 and 4000 gph pumps should not be used with a fountain but I contacted the distributor and they replied that it could drive both the waterfall and fountain simultaneously without any problem . So far it 's working perfectly and I 'm very satisfied . Good pump at a reasonable price .
 Length :
 I BOUGHT THIS POND PUMP AS A LAST RESORT . EVERY PUMP I HAD PURCHASED FAILED OR HAD PROBLEMS WITHIN THE FIRST MONTH . NOT THIS BAD BOY ! I HAVE HAD IT RUNNING FOR ALMOST 2 MONTHS -LRB- RUNS 24/7 -RRB- AND HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS WHAT SO EVER . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PUMP TO POND ENTHUSIASTS . THE PRICE WAS GOOD AND SO IS THE PERFORMANCE . THANKS AMAZON AND SUNTERRA FOR OFFERING AND MAKING AVAILIABLE SUCH GREAT PRODUCTS.REGARDS,RVW-MICHIGAN
 As a Firefighter/Paramedic I need a pair of protective glasses that are sturdy and that wraps around your face to protect you from all kinds of pathogens . I purchased two pairs ; one pair of sunglasses and one pair of protective clear glasses . Both with reading glass inserts . After a few months they are holding up nicely . One big plus is the wrap around shape and the light weight , one minus is the detachable rubber nose pieces that tend to fall off once in a while .
 I bought these for outdoor work and play . The bifocal lense allows me to avoid having to switch to readers when working outside . I wear these for biking and running , also . They are great . I no longer have to squint to read my GPS while working out .
 perfect solution for those of us who need to flip between reading magnification and distance without readers while working outside in bright conditions . the magnification area on the glasses is just right for me unlike others with too small an area which can reguire tipping up the glasses to use the magnification on close work .
 I like the cheater lenses to help me see what I 'm doing but I wish the magnification line was a little lower to for when I want to see distance .
 Unclear if these are polarized and this is important for fishermen -LRB- to see into the water -RRB- . Probably need to assume they are not . Takes a little getting used to but seem to work . The magnifying portion is fairly large which could be good or bad depending on your perspective . By making the magnifier larger is seems to be more likely to be distraction when you looking to the distance and do n't want magnification . Overall for the price I think these are good glasses .
 The seller of this product is currently listing at $ 75 . I just bought some at Home Depot yesterday in San Diego for $ 20 -LRB- SKU 308376A -RRB- . Also consider the `` rabbit fence '' version of this product with finer mesh at the bottom , SKU 308376B .
 Replaced 2 of my original aerators with these higher flowing 2.2 Gpm units , and what a difference they made ! I may be using a little more water , but the extra flow quality is worth the extra expense to me . I mainly replaced them due to the original gaskets were hard and leaking . Very surprised that these flowed like 2X the old units , and I cleaned the old units often so I know they were not clogged . They were just very restrictive . Very happy with this style aerator .
 This product does the job as advertised . They are cut in the shape of the pre-filter box , but they hardly make any kind of seal with the box . So , it would be just as effective if you could find a big roll of this filter foam -LRB- I found some at a local pond store -RRB- and cut some out yourself . Also worth noting is that these come pre-cut to fit a hose through them . They are also not very thick , and I am a bit concerned that I might tear them at some point trying to hose them off .
 The way my fountain is made it gets alot of debree in it and clogs the pump , but was able to wrap the pump with this filter to eliminate the problem .
 It works well and is more cost effective than the Becket filters . I have a small pond and the heat this summer added to the algee , in turn I had to change the filters more often .
 Needed a spare and this was the best price plus shipping . I got the item so quickly too !
 This item is very hard to find locally so I have to clean the filters by hand and they do not always look clean . This item is making it easier , just remove dirty filter replace with a new one and later clean the old one or throw away . wish I had found it sooner .
 HAD IT IN A COUPLE OF DAYS . The item was just what was described and what I needed and I am happy .
 they 're pond filters , what else can I say ? If you need them , but them . decent price . that is all . bye .
 When I first bought this , I thought I 'd be filtering other things other than the left over from fishes . I guess those are different filters . It works well but it 's hard to clean . I guess it 's normal for people who owns fish pond .
 What can you say , it 's a filter . LOL . Got at great price , came quick within 2 days . Perfectly cut to fit Sunterra filter box .
 These filters work fine . Same filters I get from store but cheaper here . Cheap enough to use for summer then throw away and get new next year .
 This seems to be a sturdy well made filter but I have a problem in that I have not yet used it . I can not fully evaluate this item until I have a need to use it .
 The BAD
 We purchased this sink to replace another vessel sink in our bathroom . We also replaced the faucet . We love the way the sink looks but it is quite thick and is sitting on granite . We are having a tough time installing the pop up drain that came with our beautiful new faucet . Decolav sells a pop-up drain with a longer pipe but that 's another $ 55 - $ 65 that we hope to avoid spending . We have n't given up getting the drain that we have to work but , if I had it to do over again , I would have bought a faucet without a pop up drain and ordered a Decolav drain .
 We have been using the Control Products Deluxe Freeze Alarm for over 15 years . Same unit . We use it at our summer home in the mountains of West Virginia . I ca n't tell you how many times it has successfully called us with a power outage alarm , a low temperature alarm or a low backup battery alarm . We purchased the optional battery pack that uses D cell batteries and have never had a battery alarm since . We do change the batteries in the backup power pack every 6 months and use the old batteries in our flashlights . When we go up there in the winter , we call the unit , while we are on the way , to raise the temperature for our arrival . It has never failed to work . Yes , it does require an extra thermostats . BUT , the alternate thermostat can be a simple inexpensive thermostat set to the desired increased heat level -LRB- we have the alternate set at 72 degrees and the normal set back thermostat set at 55 degrees when we are not there -RRB- . The wiring for this arrangement is very easy . A small multi conductor wire , such as standard telephone cable , can be run from the normal thermostat to the backup . Very simple because we did it ourselves . We have the unit mounted on a small shelf above the inside of the door of the utility room . A TIP
 The product works as advertised . Easy to program and use.Unfortuanately , it arrived with absolutely no packaging material.The package consisted of three pieces , each having about 6 inchesof movement travel within the box . Despite this , nothing seemsto have been damaged.The fact that it arrived without a manual is dumbfounding ! The Amazonrepresentitive said he would send one . Nothing yet . I gave up waitingand downloaded one online.I would buy the product again . Not from Amazon , however.steve
 The unit is easy to program and it worked with my existing wireline phone set up . I have not used it yet to control multiple thermostats but I am planning to use that feature this winter .
 The owners manual must be read from cover to cover for proper setup . Once that is done , it is easy to program the Freeze Alarm to suit your needs . Works like a charm .
 Easy to program , works as noted in description . Keeps my house safe . I used some external settings for some security equipment and I am very happy . for temp and power it cant be beat .
 I installed this in our second home two years ago . I love it . Our second home is in Northern Minnesota where winter temps get to 50 below.This freeze alarm has saved us twice when our furnace conked out . It also offers us peace of mind to be able to call up and get the temperature in our house.Aside from emergencies , it is also practical . In those cold temps , it takes the house a while to warm up from the lower setting on the second thermostat . We simply call up and switch the day before we get there to arrive at a cozy warm house .
 I have been very happy with how well this freeze alarm operates . It does everything it advertises
 Works great . I own a vacation home in Maine and it is peace of mind to know that I can call my telephone number and know what the temperature is in the house .
 I purchased this after we burned through all of our propane and the pipes almost froze . Very easy to set up and program . It was very useful during winter storm Nemo when my power went out and the in-house temp started to drop . I was able to remotely check whether the power was on and what the temp inside the house was . When the power did come back on , I was able to insure the heater restarted and was working .
 With the exception of one false alarm , I found this monitor to be what I need for monitoring my home in the cold climate of Alaska . The instructions are fairly easy to follow for setting up the monitor . I especially like the latitude to set my own alarm limits as many of the monitors , on the market , have a fixed/preset limit at 45 degrees before sending out a warning . I have learned from experience that it takes several hours to bring my home back up to temperature when it even gets to the low 50 's inside and the outside temperature is below zero . I do n't want to wait until it gets to that point to fix the problem.I would recommend this monitor .
 I just purchased a small cabin in the Northern climate where winters can be quite cold . The previous owner had always winterized the cabin , so there was never a fear of freezing water pipes . Well , I wanted to use the cabin during the winter -LRB- including running water -RRB- . But the cabin is 4 hours from my home in the city . I needed a cost effective solution to warn me of temperature variations that could lead to frozen/burst water pipes . After a lot of research , I settled on the Deluxe Freeze Alarm . I also purchased a couple MA-S01 motion sensors for added security . My property is quite rural and there was no existing phone line . But I was able to interface a wireless TracFone -LRB- $ 10/month -RRB- to the Freeze Alarm using an Xlink BT Bluetooth Gateway . It seemed a little complicated at first , but it was so easy to setup . Within an hour I had the wireless phone paired with the Xlink BT , which was physically connected to the Freeze Alarm . The Freeze Alarm has a lot of configurable options , and the built-in voice prompt setup menu made the process simple and painless.Okay , so it is easy to setup . But does it work ??? Well , after about a month of operation , I got a phone call from the Freeze Alarm informing me that the temperature was below the threshold I had set . So , I called my father who lives about 20 minutes away from the cabin and he agreed to go check it out -LRB- what a blessing to have such a wonderful dad !! -RRB- . After a bit of troubleshooting , we determined that the furnace thermocouple had failed . I 'm 100 % confident that without the Freeze Alarm , my cabin would have been a frozen popsicle costing me thousands of dollars in repairs from burst water pipes.I 'm thinking of ways I might use the integrated relay switch on the Freeze Alarm . I thought it would be interesting to turn on a video camera to record what is happening at the time of an alarm condition . The Freeze Alarm is a tremendous DIY solution and I highly recommend it .
 I have been using this freeze alarm for several months at a second home and I am very pleased with it . It was straight-forward to set it up . The readings are accurate . On one occasion the alarm went off , as it was supposed to . And I very much like the feature that I can call the house anytime and get a temperature reading , a verification that power is on , and a volt reading of the back up battery . I highly recommend it .
 Very easy to set up initially , as almost all default settings were appropriate for my situation . Within 48 hours the power failed , and the Freeze Alarm called both my cell phone and my landline at another location . It was also very easy to turn off the alarm once I was notified to avoid repeated calls for the same problem . I also call in to the unit from time-to-time just to check on temperature in the house . Also very easy to do , even with telephone company voicemail service .
 I had no problems in hooking up and programming . I call my place in Alaska daily and changes in temp and battery voltage tell me it 's working in as advertised . It would have 5 stars if the temp sensor had a longer lead . Yet be aware do not use a surge protecter in your phone hook-up . I did and messed up the freeze alarm and my answering machine so I could n't call my house when it was 30 below outside ! -LRB- That 's fahrenheit . -RRB-
 Will buy another one for my other property . It set up right away with no complications . Lets see how long it works wiith no problem .
 I had an earlier version that lasted 10 years without a problem . Then one day it stopped working for no apparent reason . I still think it 's a great product and bought a replacement .
 It is my understanding -LRB- I have both -RRB- , that the Ooma Hub does not send touch tones back to the phones that are connected to it due to patent considerations , but the Ooma Telo does . I have an Ooma Hub and a Telo -LRB- both are not in use at the same time -RRB- , and I 'll need to have the Telo hooked up if I dial into the Control Products Freeze Alarm . I had thought it was n't a problem when I heard about the Hub having this restriction , but here it is.Freeze Alarm can dial out on Ooma Hub -LRB- I suppose -RRB- , but no tones are received from an outside caller , which limits use of devices such as Freeze Alarm.This is not necessarily a problem for other VOIP systems , though , do n't know.This is an unexpected Ooma Hub restriction , not the fault of Control Products . Try calling into the Ooma Hub , then answer and listen to a phone connected to Ooma Hub , while somebody tones from the othere end of the line . No tones . I tried it previously , and just did . No inbound tones can be heard from the Oma Hub connected phone . Voip systems have to simultate touch tones , and the Hub is only doing it outbound . -LRB- btw , There are many thousands or hundreds of thousands of Ooma Hub users , so they need to know this . One reviewer sent back Freeze Alarms blaming it . Not their fault . This post is to prevent that costly , upsetting situation for others , I hope -RRB-
 I have a vaction home and was looking for a new Freeze Alarm.I pick the Deluxe Freeze since you can call it and check the current temp.This is a key feature since you need to know if the house is warming up after the repair man `` fixed it '' . My old alarm would stay it alarm until the room temp was above the set point . The problem was you had to wait hours not knowing if the heat was back on or if the oil tank gelled again.The set-up was easy and the quality seems good!I plan to use the remote switch funtion , to provide for a remote warm funtion . This feature does require another Thermostat and some wiring work.Seems like Freeze Alarm to get !
 Product performed as advertised . Installation and set-up were very user friendly . Less than 2 weeks after installing , I was notified of a power outage and was able to remotely monitor the temperature while the lines were being repaired . Lithium Battery seems like a must . I plan to add a remote water sensor prior to spring to ensure the basement sump pump is working properly .
 If you have a second home in a cold climate this product is perfect . I have the capability to call ahead to turn up the heat so my lake home is warm when I arrive -- which is terrific . I wired this myself and it took a couple hours to do -- not a big deal if you like little projects like this . You do need a telephone jack and a power recepticle nearby so I spent the bulk of the time determining where I wanted to locate the Freeze Alarm so it was out of the way . I decided to locate it in a basement closet so I had to run the power receptical and telephone jack there -- which took the lion 's share of my installation time.It is also great if you are concerned about your furnace in the winter . It can call three numbers if the temperature gets below a threshold that you set . Works great and provides peace of mind.It is a little expensive for what it is but it certainly appears to be a well engineered and quality product .
 My husband and I have a second home in the Adirondacks . We do n't live too far away but still wanted something to give us peace of mind to monitor the heat and power in case we are n't able to get there quickly . This system has been great . We set it for high and low temps and is a blessing . We can call it anytime to know what the temp is of the house and if the power is on . And it will call us if there is a power failure . When we are on our way we call to switch the remote to heat or cool the house as we want . The only glitch was figuring out how to bypass the answering machine -- which really was n't hard once we read the instructions !! LOVE IT and ca n't imagine being without it . If our power goes out in the winter for a long time we could have our pipes burst and have a lot of damage . This is a life saver .
 Have had the products
 I purchased 2 of the Control Products Basic Alarms and 1 deluxe alarm to monitor 3 zones in my vacation home . I settled on the Control Products after extensive research mainly due to their reputation and product features . The deluxe alarm will enable me to call ahead to ramp up the temperaure before I arrive . I like the feature of the deluxe alarm to also be able to call in for temperature and power status . If you only have one zone to monitor , the deluxe alarm is the way to go .
 It 's really nice to be able to control and monitor a location by telephone . The install was easy and it functions perfectly . I only wish I had purchased it years ago .
 Product set-up instructions were easy to follow , albeit a bit complex.Only negative is the product exterior design . Device aesthetics make one want to hide in a closet or storage space , not in view . However , to view indicator lights , the device should be in a visible location .
 This is a great unit for the price . I 've used one for several years and it has worked twice to alert me to situations where my furnace was out . Very simple to use . The only issue is that you ca n't use an answering machine with it because to stop it from calling you requires you to call the unit and let the phone ring 16 times . Answering machines wo n't let you do this . So , now I 'm going to buy the deluxe model which allows you to use an answering machine and has more bells and whistles .
 I bought this to monitor the temperature in a cabin in Maine where I could n't easily drain pipes and was away for several weeks at a time . I was always worrying after storms if the power was off and heat down . This unit has worked perfectly , was easy to set up , and I can call at any time to find out the status if I 'm wondering - power , temperature , and backup battery voltage . Just what I needed . Now I do n't feel as though I need to call on friends to check it out after every big storm or take the drive up myself if nobody was around . Had it in for about 3 months now this winter and it has worked very well .
 Exactly what I needed . Super simple set-up , just the right amount of info to report on , 3 person notification . I also like the ability to change options , passwords , etc from my cell phone 300 miles away . Very happy !
 The freeze alarm works amazingly well . I call my cabin , from 1800 miles away , daily to determine the temperature and the status of the power and battery . I also trust it to call me if there is a problem . From Amazon the price was right also .
 This product is easy to set up and to verify that it 's working . I can call the phone number at the cabin , the alarm answers , and reports the current temp , whether power is on or off , and battery status . It minimizes the worry factor when you have a heated cabin in the winter , at another location . This way I know the furnace is working properly . Good price , too .
 Setup was realtively easy - there 's a lot of information you need to give it . As for function , I 'll let you know next summer .
 We love this freeze alarm . It calls us at our residence , if the temperature drops below our setting and/or if the power goes out at our cabin . Plus , we can call it from anywhere , and check on the current temperature any time we want !
 Just the ticket for the cabin or home if you travel a lot . Simple and fastto set up with the handset of a phone or remotely by phone . I like the longer cord for the temperature probe and the small size overall .
 I put this product in service over a year ago and at 5am this morning it called me with a power outage alarm . The cause of the alarm was the failure of the alarms power transformer . I called Control Products customer service number , described the problem and they agreed the transformer was the problem and mailed me a new one today at no charge . That is good customer service on a great product for the price . Would recommend it for anyone who leaves a house unattended for any period of time winter or summer .
 This is perfect for what we need this winter . We will be out of state for a short while and this will handle our piece of mind with our home .
 We 're using this alarm to monitor our Server room . I searched & found its capabilities for the cost was by far the best deal going . It was easy to setup & it works perfectly , contacting us if the power goes out for more than a few minutes or if the temp climbs to the specified alarm threshold we chose .
 All functions operates as advertised . I purchased this particular unit because I am in Alaska and the programmable low temperature setpoint is needed due to our low temperatures . It was a breeze to set up . I did have a problem with temperature readings , however the the seller corrected the problem promply . Customer service has been great and I highly recommend this unit .
 The installation of the device was very simple and could be done even without the manual due to the audio menu . I had the alarm set up and operating in less than 5 minute from the time I plugged it in . I can now check on the house 's temperature from where ever I am and have the confidence that if I 'm away two other people will be called to check on the problem . Well worth the investment for the peace of mind it brings .
 Easy to set up , and works great . Can call out or receive calls in when set up for them . Has lots of options , which is great since each user might need different options .
 I love the fact that I can control the temperature alarm setting and that I can dial in remotely to find out the current temperature in the vacation home - this relieves the anxiety about the environmental conditions in an empty house .
 This product works really well . We are pleased with it . It does everything is says it does . Would recommend it to everyone who has a camp and are worried about freeze ups .
 Thankfully we 've never been notified of a problem , but we like being able to monitor our house from afar . A worthwhile investment !
 This is my second unit . It was very easy to setup and use , it is basically a configure and forget device except for changing the backup battery . We have trained multiple family member to use it , and the voice instructions are so clear everyone has been able to respond to an alarm with no questions.Pros
 This is THE perfect device for all you RV ` rs out there that travel with your pets . If you 're like me -- you worry anytime you leave them alone in the camper while you go out to eat , or go biking/kayaking , etc. . . If the shore power fails -- the air conditioner quits -- the climate inside an RV can become unbearable for your pets in very short order . The FREEZE ALARM unit will notify you so that you can come back to camp to rescue your animals ! How does it do this ? When you hook the Freeze Alarm -LRB- FA-I-CCA -RRB- up to the Cobra PhoneLynx -LRB- BT-215 -RRB- ... and couple this to a bluetooth enabled cellphone ... the Freeze Alarm will call up to three numbers and give a digitized alarm message anytime the temperature setpoint is exceeded/the 110vac power fails / or the backup 9v battery voltage is low ... IT does this through your cellphone -LRB- provided you 're in a coverage area -RRB- by using the PhoneLynx bluetooth device . Now I can take a bike ride in the summer while the doggies nap safely and securely . Should the power go out ... or the temperature exceed my setpoint ... we 'll get an immediate call to notify us that they need our attention.P
 I have had this FreezeAlarm for about 6 months now . It was relativly easy to program . I set it in my house in South Dakota late December and went to Arizona for the winter . We were gone 4 months , the device called me twice when the furnace did not light , and once during an electrical outage . All three times I was able to get a repairman to the house before anything froze and caused any damage , it has already saved me thousands of dollars in repair bills . While I am away for the winter , I can call my home phone anytime , from anywhere and the device will tell me the current temparature in my home . One of the best devices I have ever bought .
 I have a cottage in northern Michigan of which I do not stay in year round especially in the winter months . I installed the Freeze alarm to keep me informed of any power failure or temperature drop . It is easy to install and setup and make calls for periodic temp and power checks . I plan to add another unit at a different location . Just what you need if you have multiple properties .
 I purchased this unit because we live in the Northeast where it can get pretty cold . When we travel during the winter months , I like to have the security of knowing that the heating system in our home is working properly and we are not coming home to a disaster caused by frozen pipes . The unit is so simple to set up and maintain that you will probably not even read the well written instruction manual that the unit comes with . I just plugged in the power supply , installed a 9 volt battery and plugged the unit into an available phone wall jack . I then called the unit using my cell phone and completed the programming in less than 5 minutes . The intuitive voice menu guides you through the installation in an extremely clear manner . It works well with our existing answering machine . Well worth the price of $ 180 that I paid .
 I am fortunate enough to have two residences that I live in depending on the time of the year . Spring and Summer in Minnesota and late Fall and Winter in Southern California . Leaving the Minnesota home unattended throughout the Winter is anxiety inducing as a power or furnace failure in the sub zero weather could lead to frozen pipes or other disasters . I do have internet cameras monitoring the house along with an indoor/outdoor thermometer that can be seen on the camera but I need to have access to high speed internet and the power needs to be on in the house in order for me to see what is going on . I wanted something more secure but did n't want to pay an alarm service several hundred dollars to add in temperature monitors to my existing entry alarm system . After searching around I found the Control Inter Freeze Alarm on Amazon . The reviews were good so I went to their website and downloaded the product manual to see the details on what it could do . I was impressed at the capability and features so I ordered one . When it arrived I scanned through the instructions and set it up in about 10 minutes . The software control of the unit -LRB- embedded -RRB- is ingenious and kudos to the developers . Once plugged into the electrical and phone lines you can set it with numerous variables like setting the alarm temperature , how long at the temperature before it calls one of the three numbers you program into it , how many rings before it answers - yes you can call the unit and it will report temperature , power condition and backup battery level - you can also reprogram any of the selectable parameters over the phone after entering your password and choosing the desired variable from the very simple voice guided menu . I was concerned that my answering machine would answer before the unit and I would never get through or I would only get the freeze alarm and never the answering machine . Control has an ingenious solution where you select a ring count for answering that is higher than the answering machine - my answering machine answers after 6 rings so I set the Control Inter Freeze Alarm to answer on 8 . The Alarm will retain the ring count for ~ 3 minutes so I call the home number and get the answering machine after 6 rings , hang up and call again and the Alarm answers after 2 rings and I 'm in . Really well done . The manual is very comprehensive but difficult to read for techno-phobes . Fortunately , the unit is very simple to use and using the manual only for specifics will make setup easy and painless . Testing the unit is a bit awkward as you need to put the temperature probe in a waterproof bag and immerse the protected probe in ice water and then wait until the unit starts calling out the programmed phone numbers and alerting as to an alarm condition - it works but I would have rather seen a test button to do the same thing . Having said all of that I am very pleased and I like the unit a lot.February 2008 update . Working on my computer late two nights ago my cell phone rang and it was my Minnesota home calling me here in California - strange I thought as I answered the phone as no one is at that home . The voice on the other end was Inter Freeze Alarm telling me that the temperature in the house was 45 F and an alarm condition existed . I decided to wait until morning to see if it was some sort of anomaly before calling my son who is going to school in the area . I called the alarm early the next morning and it indicated the temperature was now 40 F and an alarm condition existed . Called my son who went over to the house , found out the furnace blower motor had seized and got the repair company in a few hours later . This puppy just paid for itself several times over with the damage that could have ensued with frozen pipes and subsequent water damage .
 This is one of the best products ever invented . An absolute necessity for someone who has a second home . Great features allow you to check the temperature of your home at any time . It even calls up to three emergency numbers when something is wrong . A small price to pay for never having to worry about your investment . I could n't imagine not owning one .
 On three occasions after installing the FreezeAlarm , and alarm was triggered and I was able to get a service man to restart the furnace before additional damage was done . The FreezeAlarm obviously paid for itself within one month .
 This little device is great and a bargain at $ 180 . It works like a charm and gives me the peace of mind that my weekend house is safe and sound . Since my house has electric heat , the power outage feature is a huge plus . I have it set to send a warning call if the power is off for an hour , as brief interruptions are not important . I also like the ability to call and check the status and house temp , works well with my answering machine as promised.If you worry about your place while you are away , this is most definitely the route to go . You wo n't be sorry !
 Great Product ! I had heard of similar products but most require monitoring fees or are more complex . The FreezeAlarm was not only simple to use but it payed for itself immediately when it called our home in Florida due to a furnace outage in our Minnesota home . My wife also really likes the fact that we can call our home and check the temp and power anytime .
 This item works well and gave me peace of mind all winter while it monitored my second home on a lake on cape Cod . The company is very cooperative answering questions and getting setup . So happy I purchased it .
 I ordered this unit for my house in NH as I was moving to Florida and had not sold the house . It was shipped FEDEX and arrived the next day . I had only 1 hour to set it up before we were moving.It has been a house saver . The furnace quit a week later and the unit phoned me at 1:30 in the morning to give me an alarm . The furnace technician fixed the malfunctioning furnace by 4:30 am and prevented frozen pipes . This $ 200 saved me thousands of dollars . The unit will also call two other phone numbers if I had not acknowledged the alarm.The unit is easy to set up and the default settings are the right ones so there are not a lot of changes . It is great to be able to call in and get the current temperature at any time even though there is no alarm .
 We own a log cabin in vermont that is 200 miles from our home in ct. . We keep it heated during the winter because we snowmobile a lot . Three years ago our furnace did n't shut off , and it was a good thing that we went up when we did , it was over 100 degrees in the cabin , it would have burned down . This january we went up and the heat was off needless to say we had frozen and bursted pipes.I always turn off the well pump when we leave or it could have been worse.I started looking for a monitoring system and decided on the inter freeze alarm.I was at the cabin in february and lost power at 4:30 am and at 5:30 am it called my wife in ct.she knew the power was out before i did.I now have piece of mind that if anything goes wrong I will know about it.The only thing I wish it had would be a high and low temp setting at the same time , but it 's not a big problem because I can call in to see what the temp is inside anytime . I would highly recomend this product to anyone needing the piece of mind . Excellant product
 The Freeze Alarm was simple to configure and install . I purchased it as a supplement to my security system which gets quirky when the power is out . Two weeks after I put it in service it called me to let me know the power was out . Within two hours I received a ` freeze alarm ' call letting me know that the temp was 45 degrees . Over the next couple of hours I called in until I knew the power was back on and the temperature was rising . The night I lost power to the home the temperature was -19 F and the windchill was -49 F.
 Good clear instructions and easy to set up . Just what I needed to monitor the house while I am gone !
 We have n't had an alarm yet but it certainly was easy to set up and test ! So far we are very satisfied !
 Works perfect for our application , will see how it works when needed . It is what I wanted and installed easily .
 I bought this item for a vacation home in Maine . Item was easy to program , and does everything you could want in a freeze alarm . I 've tested it several times before bringing it to Maine and it works perfectly.If you have a home or cottage that you leave during the winter , this is the product .
 Took 5 minutes to program!I own a garden center in Connecticut . In December when the greenhouses are filled with Poinsettias , I am always afraid the heat is going to fail and I will lose all my stock . This alarm solves my problem . I can call in and in seconds I can put my fears to rest . We have voicemail on the phone set to answer after 8 rings so I set the alarm to answer after 9 . I call , let the phone ring 5 times , hang up and call again immediately and the alarm answers in the 4th ring.Why did n't I find this alarm sooner ?!
 I 've installed over 100 of these units in condominiums and homes . They have never failed to warn of a heat failure in a unit . Installing these dialers has prevented thousands of dollars in damage , saved on insurance premiums and there is a lot of peace of mind knowing that if there is an issue with heat in a building the freeze alarm will let you know . I 've never had a problem with getting them to dial out . I have several of them hooked up to Vonage -LRB- internet phone through high speed internet -RRB- and they work perfectly .
 I purchased the Intermediate Freeze Alarm two years ago and am still delighted with this alarm . It is easy to program and works exactly as advertised . I chose this model because I wanted the call-in feature to be able to check on conditions in the house . It has brought me the peace of mind I wanted .
 Excellent product with a standard analog telephone line.I have an Internet product for my telephone service so when the power goes out so does n't the Internet service rendering the FreezeAlarm useless.I can call the house and the FreezeAlarm will tell me the temperature , battery status , and that I have power.I recommend this product .
 Set up was very easy . Freeze Alarm called our 3 numbers and it was easy to access the information to make sure the temperature was accurate in the house . So far , so good !
 I had my doubts about how well this would work , but the alarm -LRB- in Massachusetts -RRB- called me -LRB- in Florida -RRB- and announced that the temperature in my house there was only 40 ! The lowest it gets without triggering the call is 41 . I called my handyman , who went to the house and discovered that the gas to a nearby house had been repaired , and my gas had been shut off . Because I was n't there to light the pilot light , the boiler had not restarted.This instrument saved me hundreds , if not thousands in potential repairs if my pipes had frozen .
 Fairly easy to set up . Makes calls when it should . Do n't know why I need to add all these other words !
 I was replacing an old unit at least 15yrs . New has better technology than old . Has kept me out of frozen pipes for many years .
 This alarm works GREAT ! Ca n't begin to tell you what peace of mind it is to be able to check on the status of our vacation home 4 hours away . We live in Miane and we have had a cold snap where it has been in the single digits and below zero for a number of days . Highly recommend this unit .
 This was recommended by a friend and we think it is a fantastic idea which will give us peace of mind if we travel during the winter months . We have n't had an issue that it called with an alarm but we do call it periodically and check it and it seems to be working fine
 I like this product and after searching all over I finally settled on this one . It works as advertised and I amusing it right now as I 'm away from my home and can check on temp and electricity .
 This Freeze Alarm is perfect , exactly what I needed . It calls and lets you know if there is a problem with the temperature immediately . I could n't be happier .
 Product gave me peace of mind throughout the winter . It called me twice when there was a power failure ... wish I had purchased it earlier ...
 After doing some research , I purchased the Intermediate Feeeze Alarm . I made a great choice . This product works exactly as advertised . While traveling during the winter months , I would call home occasionally and the alarm answered exactly as I set it . The peace of mind was worth every penny spent on this alarm . The customer service was also amazing . While experiencing difficulty with my phone system upon setup , I called the Technical Support number and received a call back within 2 hours on a Saturday night . I highly recommend this freeze alarm .
 It 's increasingly rare these days that products perform to the expectations their claims have us believe . This product is well designed , well built , intuitive and well worth the price .
 This product is not difficult to install , provided you have a functioning telephone jack , and appears to work OK . It is designed to send a phone alert to you -LRB- you can specify three phone numbers -RRB- in the event of a power failure lasting more than an hour or if the temperature in your house drops below 50 F . Since installation , we have not had either event , so I can not say for sure that it is reliable , but the tests performed in setting it up suggest that it will work as advertised . The vendor is reliable , the product arrived within a few days of ordering .
 It is my understanding -LRB- I have both -RRB- , that the Ooma Hub does not send touch tones back to the phones that are connected to it due to patent considerations , but the Ooma Telo does . I have an Ooma Hub and a Telo -LRB- both are not in use at the same time -RRB- , and I 'll need to have the Telo hooked up if I dial into the Control Products Freeze Alarm . I had thought it was n't a problem when I heard about the Hub having this restriction , but here it is.Freeze Alarm can dial out on Ooma Hub -LRB- I suppose -RRB- , but no tones are received from an outside caller , which limits use of devices such as Freeze Alarm.This is not necessarily a problem for other VOIP systems , though , do n't know.This is an unexpected Ooma Hub restriction , not the fault of Control Products . Try calling into the Ooma Hub , then answer and listen to a phone connected to Ooma Hub , while somebody tones from the othere end of the line . No tones . I tried it previously , and just did . No inbound tones can be heard from the Oma Hub connected phone . Voip systems have to simultate touch tones , and the Hub is only doing it outbound . -LRB- btw , There are many thousands or hundreds of thousands of Ooma Hub users , so they need to know this . One reviewer sent back Freeze Alarms blaming it . Not their fault . This post is to prevent that costly , upsetting situation for others , I hope -RRB-
 I have n't had a chance to actually put this alarm into operation yet , but I will this winter season . So far , I have only tested it to see that it works under a controlled test and it does everything I thought it should do . The real test will be this winter , because the Northeast is notorious for losing power a few times , and last year , we lost power for an extended period of time , and I want to see how long this one will last under battery .
 We purchased the Freeze Alarm to monitor our condo that is located in the White Mountains of Lincoln , NH . from our home in Massachusetts . It was extremely easy to set it up . It actually talks to you on the phone and tells you just what to do to set it up . I now can call from MA to NH and hear a message telling me what the present temperature is , that the power is on , and what the battery level is . It is also set to call 3 phone numbers that we programed in case the power goes out in the condo and the heat goes below a certain temperature . Fortunately we have not had to use that feature at this time -LRB- I hope never -RRB- . Purchased this product after another condo in our complex forgot to put their heat on and the pipes froze and damaged not only their unit , but the unit next door-to the tune of over $ 60,000 . I highly recommend this product for its ease of programming and for the security of knowing if your heat is shut off .
 Works great for monitoring the temperature of our cabin remotely . We set the alarm for 40 * so that we 'd know if our pipes were in danger of freezing . It 's nice that we can call in and check the current temp whenever we want . It does n't interfere with our answering machine since it does n't answer until after 4 rings in the space of a few minutes.All in all , it 's a great way to maintain peace of mind about our cabin when we ca n't be there .
 This freeze alarm is remarkably easy to set up and it works wonderfully . To test it , I stuck the sensor in a bowl of ice and within a minute , the unit called the number I had programmed into it . It also works fine on my DSL telephone line -LRB- using a DSL filter -RRB- . The price of this freeze alarm is well worth the peace of mind that you get from not having to worry about frozen pipes !
 I purchased this freeze alarm for a lake home and am very pleased with the product . I am an electrical engineer and have dealt with both very good and very poor products . I found the the product features were very well thought out , it was very easy and logical to program , and the product documentation was very well done . I would STRONGLY encourage the company to develop a full featured alarm system that provides freeze alarm , water presence , multiple intrusion sensors , and fire alarm capabilities . Their advanced alarm already has some of these features and should be readily enhanced to provide additional capabilities . Based on the alarm I bought , I would buy an improved version in a heartbeat .
 The freeze alarm is a high quality product . The directions supplied were excellent and programmig the device was as easy as anything I 've worked with . It works as advertized .
 Product is easy to install and use . Testing verified that it made the appropriate calls when the temperature fell below the set minimum .
 Set up is simple . Documentation is great . The unit is flawless in every way . Being able to check the house when I 'm away brings peace of mind . This is the BEST !
 Great product , works just as described.Easy setup , definately worth every penny .
 I ordered this alarm and had it in hand in just 3 days . I followed the well-written instructions and was able to program it with ease by just plugging in a phone to the input jack . I Tested it by inserting the probe in a cooler and it rang up my neighbor to announce an alarm condition . I 'm headed south for the winter and leaving my Vermont home with a much greater feeling of safety knowing that I can call or be called at any time . Very worthwhile purchase !
 Living in Alaska , losing one 's heat for just a short while , can result in frozen water pipes and related damage . I purchased an intermediate Freeze Alarm to monitor the temp in my house while I was away on a trip . Had the temperature in my house dropped to my preset level , the Freeze Alarm would have placed calls to up to three phone numbers - in my case neighbors who could respond and correct the potential freeze emergency.I , and especially the nieghbors who were watching our house , particularly liked the feature that allowed them to telephone my house , accessing the Freeze Alarm , which would announce the temp in my home . Pretty handy when it 's minus 40 degrees outside.It was simple to set up , especially using a telephone and following the prompts.The Freeze Alarm is now monitoring my neighbor 's house while they 're away and next month another neighbor will borrow it .
 I 'm a retired electrical engineer . My wife & I live in Connecticut but also have a winter place on the shore in Jupiter , Florida.Last year we invested in an ` intermediate ' level ` Freeze Alarm ' & could n't be happier . While away last yesr , it let us know that our home furnace had stopped working and a 2nd time it let us know that our power was off.This ` Freeze Alarm ' not only notified my cell phone , but also my wife 's cell phone while we were away in Florida for the winter.As a result , we were able to phone back to Connecticut and get the needed professional help that we needed to get our Connecticut home back up & runninning agian in terms of power & heat . . that yo ` Freeze Alarm ' . Since . . we have now recommended this Freeze Alarm warning device to a number of our frineds that are now equipped with it to be away fom their primary home during the 2011 - 2012 winter season.I ca n't say enough for the satisfaction and reasurance that our intermediate Freeze Alarm device gives us.Ray
 I purchased this FreezeAlarm last fall and set it up to monitor my house in Michigan while I spent the winter in Florida . I set my house heat thermostat to 50 degrees and set the FreezeAlarm to send an alarm condition at 45 degrees . About three weeks after I arrived in Florida I received a phone call from my friend who was on the programmed call list . The FreezeAlarm had called him at 5:30 AM . It was now 6:30 AM and he was at my house . The temperature was 42 degrees and dropping , and the furnace would not come on . He had a repair man out and the furnace was back on and operating before 9 AM . This alarm worked exactly as it should , and saved my house from potential major damage . Everyone who lives in a cold climate and leaves their house for a week or more in the winter should have one of these . Having someone check on your house once a week is not good enough . I would estimate that where I live , a house could go below freezing within 48 hours or less if the heat went out , and that is when the pipes start freezing and the damage starts . The FreezeAlarm is worth every penny . The only complaint I would have about this unit is that when it calls out , if voice mail picks up the call , the FreezeAlarm starts its alarm message while the voice mail receiving the call is still giving its welcoming message . This results in the voice mail starting to record the alarm message when it is already in the middle . The FreezeAlarm should be programmed to wait until the voice mail is ready to receive and record the unit 's alarm message .
 We bought it for travelling and it is easy to set up , use , and check remotely . I also tested it before our trip . It does what it say it wiil do .
 Purchased last year and set up in 2nd home to alert when power goes out . Product as VERY EASY to set up ... . and the alarm function , and its execution , was excellent . Had 2 major power outages during the winter , one time when the temp was -30 at night . System enabled a backup plan to be implemented with minimal delay . This unit provides some peace of mind , and saved some mjor repairs , that would have not been possible otherwise -LRB- without someone driving by on a weekly to daily basis -RRB- . My only wish was that it had multiple temperature sensors ...
 Our oil burner has intermittently stopped working recently . We were going away for a long weekend , and I was concerned about freezing pipes , so I ordered and installed this freeze alarm . It was simple to set up - easier than setting up voice mail . We returned from our trip without incident . Today our oil burner randomly shut off again . While waiting for the repair man , my cell phone began to ring - the device calling as advertised . This product absolutely worked when needed , and I 'm so glad I bought it . I know it will give me great peace of mind every winter .
 I rarely write reviews but felt compelled to do so for this product . We own a second home in Vermont and were having trouble with our heating system so we needed a way to monitor the temperature . The low-temp alarm offered by our oil company was absurdly expensive to have installed , plus an annual monitoring fee . The Intermediate FreezeAlarm fit the bill perfectly - I can call and check the temperature whenever I 'm nervous , and it has already alerted us to a problem . I love too that there was no installation required , just plug into your phone .
 We bought a freeze alarm for our weekend house about 3.5 hours from NYC in upstate New York . I set it up and pretty much forgot about it , except for the fact that I always make sure it is on and appears to be working before I leave the house in cold weather . We bought the alarm in about November 2009 and never heard from it until about three days ago when it called my cellphone and said the temperature in the house was 45 degrees . I kept calling the device to find out the house temperature . When the temperature reached 41 degrees we got in the car and drove upstate . The furnace was off and it was very cold in the house , with sub-zero weather projected for the weekend . The furnace repairman showed up shortly after we got to the house and got the furnace up and running again - saving the pipes from freezing . I hope the freeze alarm continues to work so well .
 I installed this product at my fathers vacant home that has heat on low in freezing temperatures and we live 250 miles away plus travel farther in the winter . I entered the dial out numbers of his neighbor who checks on house , my wifes and my own cell phones . If the temperature drops below 45 degrees it calls all of us in my voice to alert us of an alarm condition . With dial in feature , all of us can check house temperature , power on , and backup battery voltage by just calling house and no need to go there as often . I can call and change program at any time from where ever I am and not have to go there . The unit is so user friendly with voice prompts when you call it that you do n't even need to refer to the book . I found this unit to be much better than I expected and would recommend it to any one who leaves their heated home in freezing temperatures unattended for any length of time . It also will do hot temperatures to check on hot areas if you choose . An awesome piece of high tech equipment to protect your property .
 Have owned this fantastic device at a vacation property for ~ 5 years . Has saved us on a few occasions -- including this upcoming holiday weekend . The device recently called our cell phone with a power outage alarm . We checked with the power company -LRB- which had incorrectly disconnected our service -RRB- . Thanks to the FreezeAlarm , we were able to get everything back in order -- before arriving at a 90-degree home with weekend guests and waiting at least a day to be reconnected . Really dislike the utility co. -- but love the device .
 Works as advertised . Went out of town for 5 days and was able to call in to check temp . Gave me peace of mind .
 In the winter snows of 2010 I have had the benefit and peace of mind of knowing when power outages occurred , and when power was restored . We winter in Georgia , and the house is in PA near Philadelphia . It works beautifully and was easy to set up . Caution
 I 'm rating this product at fully five stars because it 's simple , uncomplicated , and does just what I need it to do.It seems well made . It 's easy to understand . It comes with good directions . I read the direction all they way through , but its pretty much like any voice mail system
 Freeze alarm works great . We love it . The only thing I would change is the backup battery connection . Difficult to snap in the battery and I worried about breaking the connectors inside the alarm , but I did get the battery installed . Other than that , it works great .
 I have been using this product successfully for a while . It is everything everyone on this site says it is
 The Control Products FA-I-CCA Freeze Alarm is an excellent product . As the house with the alarm is for sale , it was useful to check remotely if a Real Estate agent had returned the thermostat to 55 degrees when he left.The only difficulty I am having is finding how to change Celsius readout to Fahrenheit . The product description does n't say what scale is provided . It is a minor inconvenience and I can convert .
 This works exactly as advertised with a simple and intuitive interface . My cable-based phone system works seamlessly with this unit . The ability to call home for real-time updates of temperature and power outage restoration status is a great fail-safe feature .
 The `` Intermediate Freezer Alarm '' is excellent . It works as advertised . Would recommend it without qualifications .
 Arrived faster than estimated , easy to set up and has been working fine . Good peace of mind
 This device called my daughter who called the oil burner repair people who fixed my oil burner and kept my home from freezing while we were away on a cruise !!!
 I ordered the Freeze Alarm and it was very quickly delivered . A couple weeks later when I went to install it it was not functional . The vendor I bought it from very quickly put me in touch with the manufacturer and a replacement was mailed out that day . The replacement alarm set up with a minimum of fuss . I am pleased with the responsiveness of everyone I spoke to .
 This is an update over one year later -LRB- 4-07 -RRB- . It is still a great unit and works like a charm . The unit just called us to tell us we lost power and the temp was droping . We installed this system in Nov 05 for our second home in Maine . It has signalled us twice when we have lost power and the temp was dropping . Am placing an order for the updated version -LRB- allows your own message -RRB- for our first home . Very easy to change program from a remote phone .
 The product performs as advertised . The instruction manual is complete and easy to follow . After programming the unit , I ran the suggested test on the temperature set point and the unit automatically called the programmed phone numbers . When calling from a remote location , the unit verifies the temperature and power status at the installed location . I hope not to receive any alarm conditions , but I am confident that the unit will provide the warnings that I will need to correct the alarm situation .
 Installed at our cabin , install was easy , programming also very easy . Ran a test run by putting sending unit outside , call came through fine . Comfort of mind knowing I have it installed .
 I have used this product -LRB- intermediate freeze alarm -RRB- myself for a year and we go away in the winter . We have our home checked but with this product you can have extra peace of mind knowing if somthing happens it will call you . I purchased 3 more for gifts for friends that travel as well . I think it is a good product .
 quick to set up , good instructions , good value , easy to call in / / / / / / / /
 Perfect protection while we were gone on vacation . Our power goes out often due to living in a wooded rural area and this model gave us peace of mind when we were gone . Best price , perfect for the job intended , seller recommended .
 have not set it up yet . i am going to use it at my lake house were i always think about the heat when we are not there.Fast shipping
 Using the product as I write the review . A friend recommended and we decided we liked the idea to have it monitor the home temperatures while we are away .
 Product works just like described . Easy to set up . Easy to program . I tested it , by putting it 's sensor above a glass of ice . It responded , and called out to the programed number , exactly as it should have .
 I have an overnight rental property several hundred miles from my residence . In December the furnace stopped working and the temperature outdoors was in the teens . Every pipe in the house froze and there was ice in the toilet bowl and tank . Fortunately the cleaning personnel found this problem before it thawed and broke the pipes . In January I installed the Control Products FA-I-CCA Intermediate Freeze Alarm . With this device I can call from home and get a reading of the temperature in the house and if the power is on or off . Also , if the power fails or the temperature drops below 45 degrees , the alarm will dial my home number and notify me of an alarm condition . This device is easy to install and has many options to choose from . There are also insurance discounts for having this installed . Another great thing-MADE IN THE USA .
 This unit installed very easily and does what it says . You can program it very easily using your phone and change setting remotely . The instructions are very clear and comprehensive . It works well even with my answering machine and phone controlled thermostat .
 I love it when a company creates a product that works as advertised and simply makes sense . The freeze alarm is providing significant pease of mind . Installed easily with perfect instructions . I tested all features and everything works perfect . Being able to call the house and receive current temp readings , power on indication , and backup battery status is simply comforting .
 A good freeze alarm , but the basic one is probably all that is needed considering the big price differential .
 Unit is easy to use and program . I have n't actually used it yet , because we are on vacation for an extended time , but I tested it several times as if we were away and it called all of the 3 different pre-programmed telephone numbers exactly as advertised . I hope that it never needs to be activated .
 The product was shipped to my home while I was away on an extended trip . My daughter -LRB- 39 -RRB- went to the house and installed it with no difficulty.After installation I received a call from the Freeze Alarm to notify me that the battery was low . Evidentally an old battery was used during the initial installation ! After a new battery was installed the system works fine . I interrogated it from a remote location to get the actual temperature and power status and it responded . I would recommend this product to have peace of mind when away from the home for extended periods of time especially if your home is in an area of cold climate .
 Hooked this device up and left town . The next day got a phone call that said the temperature had gotten to low . The furnace ignitor had gone out . Got the repairman over during business hours and did n't have to pay extra for after hours . Saved at least half of the price of the alarm just for that . Easy to hook up , with a little thought . This unit is better then the cheaper ones as it allows you to set the temperature at which the alarm signals you . I set ours to 58 F. so there is time to react , -LRB- by the time a house reaches 45 degrees here , its a crisis -RRB- .
 The price was right , it was easy to setup and no burst pipes this winter - what more could you ask for ! There 's really nothing bad to say about this unit and it does everything it was described to do .
 Works as advertised . Set up not too tricky . Would definitly recc 'd for cabin , second home , monitoring backup system . Value for money rated high .
 These clamps came in handy during my recent kitchen remodeling project . I 'm sure they 'll be put to good use in the future as well . Easy clamping and release mechanism .
 Thes clamps are simple to use and work great for any home project.They are durable and have plastic jaws so they wou n'tdamage the item u are trying to grip or hold together .
 I bought the DW124 several years ago , when it was the only drill of it 's kind . The other alternative at that time was mainly the stubby Milwaukee Hole Hawg , which was what I had used up until that point . Makita also made a Hole Hawg look-alike but was n't readily available in my area back then.The Hole Hawg was fast and had lots of torque but the short body length made it difficult to control . The bulky gear case behind the chuck and the extended motor housing made it too wide to get into really tight spots . It also required you to stay on top of it at all times or it had a nasty tendency to wrench your wrist and shoulder , smash your hand against a wall , bruise your kidneys or pound your upper thigh mercilessly all day long . In addition , when working from a ladder it could throw you off if the bit began to bind up and you did n't react quickly enough.I now use the Dewalt drill on the job almost every day and even though it is well worn , it has never given me any trouble.It is fast and has plenty of torque . The long body and handle gives the operator more leverage , making it much safer and easier to control , which is probably why both Milwaukee and Makita copied it and came out with their own similar models last year . I have tried both the new Makita RAD and Milwaukee super hawg and even though the DW124 has a lower 8-amp motor and slightly lower RPM 's in both high and low speeds , I still prefer the DW124 . Mainly because the Dewalt 's chuck is further forward and the top leading edge of the gear case is beveled , so with the bail handle removed , as it always is on my drill , it will fit into even tighter spaces than the others will.The DW124 is reversible and has two speed ranges . It utilizes a clutch when in low speed to prevent the torque of a jammed bit from snapping your wrist.I use it with hole saws up to a 4-5/8 '' with either a 6 '' , 12 '' or 18 '' extension . Dewalt says the maximum hole saw size is 6 '' . It is also used with self-feed auger bits up to 4-5/8 '' and `` nail eater '' ship auger style bits up to 1-1/2 X 18 '' . The DW124 kit consists of a steel storage case , adjustable bail handle and a threaded side handle.An important advantage that Dewalt has over other power tool manufacturers is easy access to repair parts and technical information . You can get parts and tech bulletins online , direct from Dewalt 's Service Net . Parts are also available through Grainger Parts Operation . This can be a huge time and cost saving convenience for owners that repair their own tools , as I do.A drill like the DW124 is a necessity for contractors working in the plumbing , electrical , HVAC and pipe fitting trades , because with the fast pace of construction and high cost of skilled labor these days , you really ca n't compete or work efficiently without having at least one on the job.This is a very solid tool and I will definitely be buying another when the time comes . I would also have no problem recommending it to anyone who works in the trades and needs to drill many large holes quickly .
 I am a plumbing contractor from the north east , I have been plumbing for almost twenty years and for the last ten to twelve years of that my drilling partner has been nothing but the Dewalt 1/2 '' 8 amp right angle drill . Nothing compares with it . It fits comfortably in my hands and has more speed and power then any other drill out there . I have tryied them all . I drill a lot of holes in my trade of all different sizes so speed and comfort are major factors , I drill out a building in better then half the time with the Dewalt then I would with the best of the competetors drills.I use to work for some of the biggest plumbing shops in the north east , once the crews got a feel of my Dewalt they all switched to the Dewalt . Its faster , tougher , safer and easier to handle then any other drill Ive ever used.Ronald BohunskyBohunsky Plumbing and HeatingKittery , Maine
 Iam a licensed plumber and purchsed this prodcut along with the self feeder kit and both are excellent , plenty of power in this tool and even has a clutch system so you dont brake your wrists
 I have always been a Makita guy but have used DeWalt tools on many occasions . I think that the quality of DeWalt has improved a great deal in the past ten years . This drill is powerful and comfortable to use . It also does n't yank your arm and drive it into the wall , like many other angle drills.The 11Amp motor has plenty of power to drill effortlessly through large beams . I plan on keeping this tool for the remainder of my construction career . I 'll also give other DeWalt tools a second look .
 I 'm an electrician , and this thing will drill holes all day ! The best drill i have ever owned , and you ca n't beat Dewalt for quality . Highly recomended .
 I bought this drill to use in my work . I works great . It has a good reputation in the trades too . I have spoken with plumbers who use it and they like it a lot . It is a USA made tool and is built to last . I wish all my tools were made this well . I got this drill at Tool-up with free shipping . They are in CT. . It was 299 and I love it .
 I use alot of tool and seem to like the Dewalt products the best as far as performance and wear and tear . If I have a choice between Dewalt and another product , my choice is always dewalt ! Great quality product at an affordable price .
 Is it powerful ? Yes ... Is it comfortable to work with?Yes ! Would you buy it again ? Yes ! , it 's my best hole hawg 'n friend !
 These were ordered for replacements for a couple of identical lamps that stopped working in my new home . I 'm not sure how well these hold up since 2 out of 10 installed in my new home by the home builder failed within 6 months of living in my new home .
 Great product . Everything I needed in one purchase . Had a new roof put on and purchased this prior to doing so . This has been installed for several months now with no problems at all . Would buy again in the future as long as Amazon keeps carrying product .
 great product at a great price . ca n't wait to get started . quality product . I have made a few duck calls using this mandrel and it worked as expected .
 Sightly larger around than the small AAA Maglites , but much brighter.If you buy the button cells here on Amazon then it 's a real sweet deal all around .
 This is a great little lite . It is bright , it is small and it works ! Many of these small devices break the first time you drop them , this one has not . The switch works consistantly . No complaints .
 Is a nice small or i can say mini flash light . very portable and long lasting battery . AA battery ? u can find it any part of the world .
 This light is far superior to regular Mag Lite . Really delivers a high power beam from a very compact unit .
 Length :
 Got tired of whacking myself with the stuff I was drilling when the bit stuck . This clamp does the trick and it 's easy to use . ` Been happy with it for quite some time now .
 Got a notion to build some shelves around the desk that I use for my computer . Did n't feel like going to the lumber yard for 3 boards , finally received these , cut them to my plans , painted them and the desk a hi-gloss black , assembled everything , and am extremely delighted with the outcome . I would upload a picture , but it would then show how junkie my house is . Sorry .
 Got these for use with the RV . Do n't want to be out somewhere and blow a fuse and loose power ... etc. ... . A good selection .
 I have a KLR 650 and these fuses are the right size for my motorcycle . Small sturdy case ensures that I wo n't be stranded with a blown ignition fuse again .
 really nice fuses and the price was really low ;-RRB- , perfect for do it yourselfs out there
 Not just color-coded , but also feature the fuse rating embossed and inked into the plastic on the top . You can ignore the fuse-puller and tester , if you want.Close examination of the actual fusing wire inside the plastic shows that the lower-numbered fuses have longer fusible wires of equal cross-section to those higher-numbered , indicating that they may in fact be fusible at their rated current , relative to one another .
 This is a great set of blade fuses with every amperage you could possibly need . It is perfect for old cars or certain appliances . Even if you just need 1 fuse , it is worth buying a kit like this to cover all future needs because the price is so cheap.However , keep in mind that most new cars use the mini fuse size .
 Great assortment of fuses . This is the best-priced and most extensive set of fuses I 've been able to find . They are packaged fantastically . Convenient little partitions inside a plastic box , as shown in the picture . There is almost every amperage of fuse you could need , from 3-30 amps . There 's a fuse-puller as well . I 've used these on my 2004 Volvo S-60 R , but they should be compatible with any car that uses Regular or ATO fuses , as described here :[ ... -RSB- I checked it out before buying to make sure.Happy Shopping !
 I would have given this assortment 5 stars if the container was one piece rather than 8 individual boxes with the tester floating free and subject to damage .
 Always keep a handful of each of these in my Jeep at all times , great value for the price and it included a handy fuse tester so I do n't have to trace out the fuse through the wires .
 This set is very nice . Has 5 of each of the most commonly used ATO blade fuses -LRB- each in each own little box , meaning you do n't get a bigger box with separate compartments , but instead you get individual little boxes -RRB- and a very handy tool that has a double function
 Bottom line is the low price on this many fuses ca n't be beat . Even if a few turn out to be duds you have enough back ups to replace them .
 I was very satisfied with this purchase . It was received in record time and I was impressed with the assortment of fuses . I would purchase from this vendor again if the need arises . Thanks
 Full collection of fuses for your car . Great replacements for the fuse panel in a Porsche .
 Troubleshooting a cell phone charger had me blowing fuses like crazy and buying this package made economical sense.The fuses have no issues with fit or function , are correctly colored as to their designated capacity and are labeled individually with easy to read white numbers . The complimentary fuse puller that comes with this package leaves a lot to be desired . I 'd recommend buying a cheap pair of needle nose pliers and using them to remove and replace your fuses . And thank you Amazon for 2nd day delivery .
 I have used Moen faucets exclusively for the last 15 years . They provide good life and when the cartridge requires replacement , it is easily accomplished . I find Moen faucets to be of excellent quality .
 These Morse taper adapters were very nicely made and fit well . I am using these adapters to use my old spur centers , tail center , and drill chuck on my new # 2 Morse taper lathe . For the price they ca n't be beat .
 This product is an excellent deal , great quality at a very great price . If your looking for a Morse Taper adapter this one is about as good as your going to find .
 This was the router bit I needed . It did the job I needed in a flash . It appears well-made ; the packaging was simple , the price was good , and the shipping was very fast . Next time I need a new router bit , I 'll go with this brand and vendor .
 I bought two lamps on craigslist that I 'm sure were sold because the lights made a buzzing sound . I know about tough filament products like this and gave them a try , worked great .
 I ordered three sets of these bulbs and they were shipped without much padding in the container . None of them were broken but when I saw the package I was very concerned.Otherwise these are great Halogen replacement bulbs , which are harder to find these days .
 I am a woodworking hobbyist with many years and many projects behind me . I have tried many different manufactures over the years
 These bulbs are a little slow to warm up , but once they get going they 're great .
 I purchased this item as a Christmas Gift and lucky for us , the Blizzard of 2013 struck hard . This tool was extremely helpful in breaking up the icy snow which fell first and was then covered by 1.5 feet of soft , fluffy stuff . Having the icy portions gone before having to shovel out the 2 + feet of snow was a bonus . There were no pieces/chunks of ice too tough for this Ice Chopper to tackle . THANKS so much .
 If you have ice accumulated on your walk or driveway then you need this tool . Basic shovels will not remove ice but this tool does ... with ease . This tool is strong enough to handle the biggest job . Buy with confidence .
 We had several inches of snow which was compressed into ice onto our north facing driveway . I could not get it off with a snow shovel . After a few minutes using this , it 's all gone . Great tool .
 This item is how ice chopper/scrapers should be made . One piece of steel from handle to blade.It 's more expensive -LRB- but worth it -RRB- than the cheap ones that have a life expectancy of a storm or two.I keep the chopper blade in a bucket of sand that has a little vegetable oil mixed in with it.This prevents the blade from rusting .
 I bought this last winter because I had been out of town during some snowfall and returned to find an inch-thick layer of ice on my driveway and steps . A regular snow shovel did n't even make a dent in the ice.This tool actually does the job . I lift it up about a foot , then just let it drop down onto the ice , and the weight does the rest . Some days it works better than others , but basically if I chop parallel to the edge about 5 inches in , then continue parallel , the ice comes off in little squares about 5 inches across and an inch thick . Sometimes it requires multiple hits , and sometimes the ice does not detach from the surface of the driveway , but in general it works slowly but steadily . I used it again this winter after our New England ice storm , and it cleared the steps without too much effort.I used the tool the way it came . The blade is not especially sharp , and I have not tried to sharpen it -LRB- I do n't own a grinder -RRB- . It might work even better if sharpened first .
 This heavy duty steel chopper weighs about three to four pounds and has a wide blade that chops through ice easily then be used to scrape it away and completely clear the icy area . It is much better than earlier models with wooden handles and thinner blades .
 This version of the old dairy-barn scraper works really well for breaking up ice on sidewalks and driveways after winter storms . It 's well constructed with the scraper welded to the steel pole which is topped by a rubbery grip . It 's heavy enough to let the tool do a lot of the work -- just raise it up and let it drop ; or put some force behind it for thicker ice . If the cutting edge were a little sharper , it would help when side thrusting along the borders of an ice sheet -- but it does a good job as it is.Definitely an improvement over lighter scrapers attached to wooden poles .
 This is a beast !! It is heavy enuff to smash thru the ice ... Get this one . . It is the best out there for the price !!!
 This is the best ice chopper I have used . I usually purchase the cheaper/lighter ones . They last -LRB- I have given them away -RRB- but the recent weather in NE required I purchase a new one . So I went for the real thing . This chops thicker ice than any other I have used . It is heavier , but just lift and aim , the force of the weight does much of the work . Highly recommended.I must add that I am pleased that amidst a country full of foul weather , this product arrived promptly .
 We had some big snow storms in Southern MD this year and we had quite a bit of ice in our gravel driveway that took a long time to melt . I remembered I had an Ice Chopper in my youth and thought to look at Amazon to see if any were available . I found and ordered one , which arrived in time to let me chop some serious ice in a short time . Once the ice was chopped , it melted away much more quickly . Great tool !
 I really like this chopper . Very good weight ... even my 11 year old was effective with it . However , it is not sharp at all when it arrives to i 'm going to sharpen it to try and make it a bit more effective . Ideally i wish it had another hand grip to absorb shock about 2/3 of the way up so it 's easier on both hands . Of course , my ice is currently 5 &#34; thick so it 's taking its toll on my hands . If you 're chopping 2 &#34; thick ice , it will be simple with this tool .
 If you are looking to buy an ice chopper , THIS is the one to get . It is very well made , solid construction , heavy . Made from a solid piece of steel its built to last and worth spending the extra money .
 I was so pleased to get this product . I had something very light and rusted out before due to much use . The one thing I noticed on the chopper was the weight . Whether you need to scrape the ice or chop it , it does the job . It is very well constructed and does the job quite nicely .
 This is an excellent solution for outdoor , indoor , even workbench soldering and high heat applications . I love the fact it self stands . The multiple tips is a nice touch . Heats up very fast and seems to hold steady temps at various levels . It can be difficult to first light . This is not for circuit board or light temp work . For that I 'd go with a pencil iron . Overall a must have for any ham or hobbyist .
 Good quality torque wrench - better than the options I could find locally for a similar price . Has the advantage of not needing to be un-set from its torque setting right away when you 're done to prevent compressing a spring and losing accuracy , although the instructions still recommend setting to zero if it wo n't be used for a while . Overall , happy with my purchase .
 This is our new faucet for the remodel we are doing on the hall bathroom . Just love the design and the white handle as it is perfect for our project.We have n't been able to install it yet as we are waiting for the new countertop .
 After having used the Ryobi One + 18V system for about six months , I can honestly say that the system works great as long as you do n't overuse it . It is not designed for constant use all day , everyday . For that kind of work you would be better off with a DeWalt or Milwaukee system . But , for the average homeowner who just wants to do the occaisional weekend projects at home , it is perfect . You will save a lot of money and get much more value . I am very happy with my Ryobi One + .
 I have found that these tools stand up to pretty heavy work and are durable . The limiting factor will always be the batteries . I keep the batteries on constant charging rotation . You need to learn the limits so you are not caught in the middle of a project and have to wait to recharge.I have had one battery and two chargers fail in the 3 years I have owned this set . I think the charger failures were due to a surge in the line , so that may be a fluke . Do n't discard the batteries the first time they do n't charge and show the green and yellow light . I have found that totally discharging them may allow them to be recharged.The drill is very good and heavy duty . The saw is good for smaller quick cuts that would take less time than setting up your regular corded circular saw . The reciprocating saw is adequate and handy in tight trimming applications . The light is handy , although sometime a bit ackward . The vac is OK useful for small cleanups .
 Ryobi 's were the first tools I got while getting into construction and I found them very handy . Since then I have been on many job sites and grown the love superior tools -LRB- toys -RRB- that can make life easier and increase the quality of my work.That being said I like my ryobi drill because it has a magnet at the base . when dissembling something it is VERY handy to hold all the screws ; or you can use it to hold a drill bit as you switch from predrilling to driving screws ; or loading it up with all the screws you 'll need to install a storm window before you go up the ladder ! I wish dewalt or others would add this . **** If you want to use the circular saw please buy a freud 24 tooth carbine tip saw blade -LRB- or 30 tooth -RRB- . I could n't cut anything until I bought it . Now it cuts like a hot knife through butter and leaves a super smooth cut . You do need to buy a 53/8 th blade made for dewalt makita ... - you lose an 1/8 inch if depth but with this blade you it makes the saw run like a 100 volts instead of the 18v . It reminded me of one of my first projects I was on - replacing some 3/4 in oak floor boards in a home . I went out and bought a corded skil saw , took it out of the box and it would n't make it through the wood . An old timer talked me out of throwing the new saw away and taught me about blades . I hope this helps you.Best regards , MikeP.s . For those of you who get frustrated that the saw `` does n't have enough power '' please notice that you many times smell the wood burning as the saw spins but does n't cut with an inferior blade .
 I bought this set from Home Depot two years ago and only now I 'm writing this review although I frequently use it and love it . It just dawned on me that I should say a few good things about these wonderful equipment . After two years they still work like new and the batteries are phenomenal , I wish my laptop had such good batteries . The set comes with two batteries so I can alternate between them . I guess the real magic is in the 18V because it feels like these machines are directly hooked up to an electric outlet .
 I love these tools and find that the more One + tools I have , the more I like them . I now have the ... light , drill , circular saw , chain saw , jig saw , reciprocating saw , sander , shop vac , hand vac , two batteries , charger.And a few lanyards for hanging them up.EVERY job is easier with these tools . No cords , good power , good battery life.If you are a new home owner like me and have to start buying tools to do all those fun jobs around the house , start collecting the One + tools . You wo n't be sorry.For instance , I 'm re-doing an extra bedroom as an office . I decide to rip out an ugly painted door , rip out the frame and put in a new natural wood door . I need to trim some 1x2 wood for filling in some serious gaps before shimming . Circular saw ! Then I need to level the frame . Break out the light so I can see that bubble ! How about some holes to make those nails go in without splitting the wood ? Drill ! That wallboard has bumpy 30-year old paint where the casing ended ; got ta smooth that out . Sander ! This place is a mess with sawdust , paint chips , bent nails , shim scraps . Shop Vac!When I re-did the kitchen , I would have been completely lost without the reciprocating saw . Old cabinets need to go ? Well , they 're going in manageable pieces ! Grrrrrrrrrr ! Sliced and diced 'em ! Had to put a cat door in a wooden door . Jigsaw!I 'm dying to chop something up with the chainsaw!Yes , you could have corded tools and do the same jobs , but the benefits of cordless tools are obvious . Since these tools are cordless , obviously you do n't have to drag the cords around or find outlets or use extension cords.But , in addition , with the battery off , the tools are light . You can carry around a bunch of them easily . And here 's the kicker ... Once you acquire a battery or two , collecting more of the tools multiplies the benefits . It 's just so easy to have all the right tools right there.These tools make these jobs almost fun . -LRB- Think about it ... a cordless shop vac for vacuuming the car . Huh ? Huh ?! -RRB- They may not be for the professional contractor , I do n't know , but they do everything I want them to do . Highly recommended .
 Arrived on time with a bag of goodies , I am very satisfied and keep finding new uses for the tools . Found the reciprocating saw perfect for ridding my property of thorned wild trees , without eating my arms .
 I ordered this set for my son-in-law and he is tickled pink . My husband is a contractor and a DeWalt freak and he seemed to think this was a really nice set for the money and for normal homeowner use . The first shipment had a broken piece on the dust-buster and Cummins graciously sent me a new kit . I have returned the old one and barring any difficulty in crediting my credit card , I 'll say the customer service was great .
 I have had some of these cordless tools for a year and unless you are a professional carpenter these work great . Drill has good power for things around the house , circular saw is small but works very well on lighter material . I bought them as a 4pc . set from Home Depot for $ 99.00 . I think money well spent .
 I have an antique dresser that had recessed handles and no hardware stores , or even antique hardware stores carried anything even close to replacing what I needed . But this was perfect because it was so large so I used it completely cover the hole . It has the nice aged antique look , but made to last !
 Got a notion to build some shelves around the desk that I use for my computer . Did n't feel like going to the lumber yard for 3 boards , finally received these , cut them to my plans , painted them and the desk a hi-gloss black , assembled everything , and am extremely delighted with the outcome . I would upload a picture , but it would then show how junkie my house is . Sorry .
 i receive this chandelier today and i 'm so happy because is so beautiful , elegant and is very big . The color weathered bronze is beautiful is eavy i cant wait to see it in my living room so thank you world imports see you soon
 This chandelier looks amazing . I could n't be happier with it . For a fixture this large , the price was a total steal . There were a couple of missing crystals , but other than that , everything was in perfect shape . Highly recommend !
 I bought two of these chandeliers for our living room - we have high ceilings and these look absolutely magnificient . So far , everyone who has seen them has commented how lovely they are and asked where we found them.We were looking for something that was rustic , yet had a touch of elegance and formalness to it . This was the perfect fit.You ca n't go wrong with these.I did n't have the problems that the other reviewers had about missing crystals - it was n't that difficult to put together . It comes mostly assembled you just need to add the crystals , shades and top/bottom portions .
 This was something I needed . It as a great buy . This is way I purchased it . I would buy it if I needed it.i
 I work in a shop pulling tires every day and so my impact guns get a lot of use and abuse . I have had other brands before and none of them work as well as the IR impacts . This is model is cost effective yet powerful . I have bought some of their Titanium models in the past that are considerably more expensive and I like this one just as much .
 This is a great tool - extended anvil allows 50 more torque compare to the non-extended anvil 2130 . This is light and powerful however the extended anvil sometimes gets in the way . I use it as a backup impact wrench - my main one is IR power force . It is older , but I think it was better built compare to the new ones made in China .
 I discovered that the water panel in my humidifier was plugged -LRB- thought I had changed it in the fall-my bad ! -RRB- Ordered and received replacement in two days and was up and running 48 hours after hitting the &#34; one click -RRB- order button . Amazon rules !
 Same as original . It came in the factory box . It is a drop in relacement . I looks like it is from the original manufacturer of the appliance .
 This humidifier panel is the perfect fit for my home furnace . At this low price you can afford to replace it every year . Excellent item .
 This is my 6 set of filters over the last 6 years . They work very well and I will continue to purchase them .
 I am always looking for items like this that are not knock-offs . Original equipment always works best , and that is what I received . It arrived quickly and well packaged .
 This filter worked just like the name brand ones . Perfect fit . I will be buying this brand from now on .
 Ideal is the product to buy if your a electrician i am so glad that they are dedicated to providing me with a good product
 I have only owned his product for a month . It has been right on in checking live open and closed circuits .
 Great product , very reliable and easy enough to use right out of the box . I am an Electrician apprentice , and the Electrician I am working for has been in the business for many years . He was impressed with the quality and reliability . Highly recommend !
 good product . exactly what I was ordering . arrived quickly and in great condition . looking forward to my next order from Amazon .
 The Bellasara line of lights is very beautiful - especially the tear drop accents . We are very pleased with the Semi-Flush mount in our kitchen ; it casts a warm glow over the dinner table .
 I have about 15 of Classic Accents dimmers and switches in my old home . It was to bring the look back to original . The switches are over 15 years old now and the only problem has been that one of the mother of pearl inserts fell out . I found it on the floor and with a little glue , it is as good as new . As for the dimmers , they are a little more sensitive . I broke one carrying a carpet into to house and it broke the lower button off . Another burned out -LRB- after 10 years but I must admit I am right at the maximum wattage on it -RRB- . If you have an old house your are restoring , these are still a darn good product to use .
 This is n't exactly a high-tech tool , but it sure works well . Select your length of half-inch pipe to end up with whatever size clamps you want . They do n't slip when wound pretty tight , either .
 The kit is very easy to follow and is n't too bad on the old elbow greese . It comes with everything you need to complete 225 sq. ft. , so make sure you have enough kits to do your flooring.The photographed kit is the old packing . We ordered one kit & then discovered we needed another for the square footage . We ordered another kit -LRB- the exact same one -RRB- , it came with slightly different instructions & different materials . Make sure if you order more than one to request all new or all old kits ! They are the same , just one has a catalyst agent you have to add & the newer version already has it mixed.Have FUN !
 As usual , CMT bits work well , little tear out , and last/stay sharp for a long time . I like their products .
 These bits were described and manufacture perfectly . I have used the bits already and like them very much . Unless I do something stupid they should outlast me .
 This is a pretty good knife , I bought it as a gift but decided to keep it instead . I 'd give it another star if it didnt have so many screws -LRB- 13 -RRB- in all that eventually come loose and need to be re-tightened with a tiny torx bit . It works well as a box opener , or rope cutter . I carry it daily for protection or basic use and fits well in your pant pocket . I plan on buying another for the person it was originally intended for .
 This is a great little knife if you need to do medium grade work such as cutting through cardboard or opening packages . The blade comes razor sharp and passes the hair shaving test . Not a tactical knife by any means , but would probably hold up as a self defense weapon . It 's a little bulky width-wise for casual use or pen-knife tasks , but for anyone who needs a sharp , sturdy knife for regular cutting needs , I highly recommend this knife .
 I bought this for my husband who is going to school to be an auto technician . He loves it and I got it at a great price through Amazon .
 Just Got out of Auto School N Ofcourse Needed an impact Gun Very Happy Great Gut Quality Perfect better than Paying Intrestin in The Tool Trucks
 Very nice tool , small and light weight . Just right for home use , plenty of power .
 Bought this to replace a Craftman impact wrench -LRB- cheapy that came with compressor -RRB- that no longer was able to remove highly torqued lug nuts . Saw the good reviews and decided to give this wrench a try . So far I have not been disappointed .
 Bought this product as a guy who likes having one of everything tool-wise . The gun is built very nicely compared to most other products . The power is adequate for the price range . The tool boot , which is basically a rubber sock for the body of the tool protects it nicely . The only negative is I would 've liked to seen more documentation in the box with the wrench . Having never owned one personally before , and only using impacts that were owned and maintained by my company or a friend , I was n't exactly sure of the required preventative maintainence needed .
 Worked part time at a garage doing all your typical jobs so I have used an impact a lot ! Garage workers really liked their Ingersoll Titanium impacts but i could n't justify paying that much for a tool I am only gon na use at home a few times a year but I knew I wanted something with a composite body . Composite tools are so much lighter and more comfortable to use . workers at the garage said to definitely go with an Ingersoll so after shopping around I came across this . Have used it many times now and am impressed with the power and comfort . As comfortable as the Titanium line , not as powerful but still more then sufficient . I used this to zip off the nut holding the pit man arm on while working on a 95 Chevy half ton and also used it to drive the puller . If you 've done that kind of job you know that it often requires a torch . Also I live in Wisconsin so rust can be an issue . The power select switch is not as nice as the Titanium line but its not terrible either . All around Great Impact !
 I bought this wrench after briefly owning a Harbor Frieght knockoff of an IR 231 . The HF worked for everything I tried it on except the crankshaft pulley bolt on my Camry . I had a shop loosen the bolt with their Mac Tools wrench , then decided to return the HF . I later bought this wrench , expecting better performance than the HF , but it seems about the same . It failed to remove the bolts for the front exhaust pipe on the Camry . I had to remove them with a breaker bar , and was surprised that they were n't on that tight , maybe 90-100 lb-ft or so . The IR wrench should have spun them off . Compressor pumps 5.6 cfm at 90 psi , which is supposed to be enough . This IR has worked fine for wheel lugs and other miscellaneous nuts and bolts ; I just have n't been able to see any noticible difference over the HF .
 this impact wrench cut my work time in half when doing brakes on my one car . I own 3 vehicles and this tool has already paid for itself in what I did not spend letting someone else do my brakes . Matched to my compressor , this waqs one wise investment .
 Ingersoll-Rand makes quality products that are affordable . I like to save money by rotating my own tires and doing my own brakes . This Impact wrench has succedded in loosening every bolt I have tested it on . You need to have a compressor but this set up is the gift that keeps giving , saving money and time .
 This is a well built impact wrench that I have been using on my car projects . It removes lug nuts from my 3/4 ton pick up without a sweat . It is heavy , but that is what you should expect from a `` Heavy-Duty '' tool . My only complaint is that impact sockets seem to be difficult to remove when changing sockets . Instead of the ball and spring that holds on the socket , there is a kind of heavy wire wrapped around the anvil that holds the socket on . Maybe with more use it will break-in and loosen up a bit , but right now it does n't want to let go of a socket without a struggle.So far I 'm happy with the wrench and it sure makes life easier when removing nuts from old vehicles .
 great tool at a great price works well on the jobs i use it on
 Item was delivered on time and arrived in good condition . The wrench works very well and was an excellent value
 impact wrench has plenty of power , light weight and relatively quiet . for the price you wont find a better deal in my opinion . been wrenching for over 30 years and own several IR productsall have given many many years of service .
 I hoped this gun would be stronger than it is , but it is about on par with my 18 year old Craftsman impact . Still it is nice and warmer on the hands in the cold weather than my old chrome plated gun .
 I love this gun it is light weight and has tremendous power . This is a must for any mechanic and shop worker . I have had many of impact guns and they are usually real heavy or they do n't have the ass this gun has . . You get light weight and torque . . I highly reccommend this product
 Used daily at auto dealership . Easy operation and plenty of torque for almost everything . Only been a couple times where there was n't enough power these cases usually needed a breaker bar with a long lever .
 Yes there are better impacts out there ; however when I bought this one I bought it for home use on automobile tire rotations , this gun match my air compressors output and worked flawless , since then I started a new job in an industrial setting , I took this gun to my new job and was very impressed with the items it was able to remove , i mean i put the test to it . It did n't have enough oomph for Semi tractor trailer lugs , but for the lighter stuff it was perfect , light weight non fatiguing , and small enough to get into tight areas . Since then I have moved up to the 2135TI and am using this as a back up , and will eventually bring back home for the garage and auto use .
 This is one excellent air impact wrench . Worth a lot more than the cost . I had earlier purchased a cheap $ 35 impact wrench -LRB- see that review -RRB- and it was gone after just one heavy use . Lost most power and was usless . This Ingersoll-Rand air wrench is the best one I have ever owned . I have owned about 6 in the last 20 years . Trigger touch control is perfect . You can set the power of the wrench on full and still have touch control so you do n't over drive the bolt or nut . Best touch ever with excellent strength when you need it . It may sound stupid to you , but I smile every time I use this thing . It is that good and saves so much time over hand wrenches on 3/8 as well as 1/2 inch drive sockets . Just use the 1/2 to 3/8 drive reducer and go to it . Could n't be happier with this wrench .
 I bought this tool about a year ago , it has worked flawlessly for me . I use it to dismantle farm tractors . The tool will take out almost all of the bolts except for one inch rusted lug nuts . These need to be heated cherry red with a torch and then the IR will take them out . Should have bought this tool ages ago .
 These impacts sell for almost 500 on a tool truck or most stores because they are the best money can buy . I use this everydayfor about 3 to 4 hours per day a must have for impact
 I like the impact gun , could use more power . Should of went with a more power gun , but with the price of this on Amazon I decided to go with this one . Nothing wrong with this will work fine for most homeowners , but if you use this in a small business you need to go with a higher impact duty gun .
 I 've been wanting an impact gun for quite some time , and finally had the justification to get it . Re-did my entire suspension and two wheel bearings with this and it made the job very easy . Highly recommend , and I know it will be around for many years . Makes tire rotation a snap - no more waiting at the tire store every few months .
 My husband wanted one of these to use with his compressor . I researched and chose this one . He was totally pleased with the quality of the product and how well it worked . Very sturdy construction that should last for years . Do wish it had come in a case for easy storage .
 Shipping was quick , item performs great . I like the adjustable settings of torque . Construction feels solid , not cheap and bought on assumption of IR 's reputation .
 Decently priced and has n't let me down yet . I used it for working on my cars . IR is a trusted brand as I use their equipment offshore in way harsher conditions so I definitely felt confident purchasing this .
 We all have a great time . It 's very simple to learn and set up and has several different ways to use this tool .
 I 'm a car repair hobbyist so this tool is not heavily used but it is well made and does the job for me .
 Very happy with impact . Bought to upgrade from a smaller torque impact . Met my expectations . Strong tool.Ingersoll-Rand 21301/2 - Inch Heavy-Duty Air Impact Wrench
 i love this tool . it made my life so easy and now i cant work without it . i read alot of reviews before i purchased it and was surely convinced . delivery was super fast . i took it to work the next day wow am i impressed . it took lug nuts off with ease and now i use it on almost anything i can . i also bought the flip socket set and it is also great . i am really happy with my purchase
 Great product overall . Small and powerful . I 've been avioding buying a `` high end '' -LRB- non Harbor Frieght -RRB- impact for years . Finally took the plunge . I have a small 2hp/10gal compressor and it bearly excerts itself when I use this IR impact . Broke down a complete long block with all accessories attached and the compressor maybe cycled for less than 5 minutes total to keep up .
 I have been performing maintenance on the family cars since my dad died when I was fifteen . That makes over a quarter century of brakes jobs and tire rotations , removing and tightening lugs with a T wrench . A couple weeks ago , I bought a compressor ; mainly to keep the tires inflated , but I could n't resist sizing it at least marginally enough to run an impact wrench . Then I could n't resist going ahead and getting the wrench . I worked a little overtime , made my order , and my Ingersoll-Rand 2130 was on the table when I got home from work this evening . I immediately went out to perform an overdue rotation on the Silverado . Those who 've used impact wrenches regularly will laugh , but I was downright dumbfounded when the wrench tapped the lug nut a few times and spun the nut off in a fraction of a second . And the wrench hardly attempts to turn in your hand . Had I known an impact wrench would make life this easy , I would have invested in the wrench and compressor years ago.I did some research before purchasing , reading a lot of reviews and comparing specs . I pretty much decided one was wasting his money going below about the $ 110 point . The other contender that would minimally meet my needs at the lowest price was theIngersoll-Rand 231C 1/2-Inch Super Duty Air Impact Wrench . I 'm sure I would have been happy with that , but moving up the 2130 seemed to be good value . For about $ 30 more you got a little more forward torque -LRB- 500 ft-lbs . vs 350 -RRB- , a little more speed -LRB- 9500 RPM vs 8000 -RRB- , about 2/3 the weight -LRB- ~ 4 lbs . vs. 6 -RRB- at very little additional air use -LRB- 4.4 SCFM vs 4.2 , however they measure that -RRB- . I was a bit concerned about my compressor being up to the wrench . It 's a Sears Craftsman 20 gallon , 1.5 HP , 150 max . PSI rated at 3.8 SCFM at 90 PSI -LRB- however THEY measure that -RRB- . A lot of experts would say it 's not enough . Sears said it was fine for 1/2 '' impact wrenches and only appropriate for intermittent use with a 3/4 '' wrench . I did some math and took the risk . For performing a tire rotation , the compressor was every bit up to the task . I really ca n't imagine any job in which the wrench would be used so continuously to really tax the compressor . If you 're a shade tree mechanic , this compressor had no problem with the wrench . In fact , I had almost completed the rotation when I realized that I had turned off the compressor earlier when my three-year-old came outside and was terrified by the compressor . I had done the job with only stored air , it was still holding 90 PSI , and I had noticed no reduction in the performance of the wrench.I did not find any photos of the 2130 on the web that showed the rear the wrench . -LRB- I intend to post a photo or two in a the next few days -RRB- The red button in the side photo pushes left and right , choosing forward and backward . There is a five position toggle -LRB- at least on mine - the manual says it 's three -RRB- in the rear to choose the maximum power . The switch is labelled from 1 at the lowest setting to 2 at the highest setting . Go figure . Power is also continuously variably controlled with the trigger , and I have to say that it is a fabulous trigger with fantastic control of speed . I 've never used a power tool with fine control like that . I was also amazed at how quiet it was . It certainly makes little noise when it 's not hammering , and when it is , I do n't believe the 100 dBa plus listed in the specs -LRB- on the verge of pain . -RRB- I also ordered theIngersoll Rand SK4M14 1/2-Inch Drive 14-Piece Metric Standard Impact Socket Set . This appears to be a great value as well.Time will tell how it holds up , but with my use , I expect it last a long time before requiring a rebuild . I ca n't speak for professional mechanics , but if you 're a do-it-yourself mechanic , I do n't believe you will go wrong with this wrench.Oh yeah ... while you 're waiting for your new toy to come , get a bottle of air tool oil . None is included .
 Tool is awesome . Not much you can say about an impact wrench as they do not do a lot but when you want it to do what it does it does it perfectly . Powerful , solid , compact and very lightweight as far as impact wrenches go . I have had impact wrenches before that the sockets fall off too easily but this one holds them real snug and has about as many features on it as you can fit on an impact wrench . There are many way more expensive wrenches out there but this one will stand tall next to all of them in the same performance class . Get it now .
 I put this tool to good use right away to remove a 1 and 1/4 inch nut which was holding on the rear axle yoke on my 88 Chevy Pickup . I had tried to break it loose previously with a half inch breaker bar and could n't budge it . I 've never used an impact wrench before so I did n't know exactly what to expect , so I set my compressor at 85psi -LRB- manual says 90psi is max . -RRB- put the socket over the nut and pulled the trigger . About 5 seconds later the nut was off . I could n't believe how easy it was . Putting the new yoke on was a bit tricky as you have to be careful not to damage the crush washer . I set the tool on the lowest setting and it was very easy to control with the trigger ; I got it on with no problem . Next I needed to replace a brake caliper so I used it to pull off the front tire which was just plain fun . I 'm just a shade tree mechanic but have found lots of uses for this tool . It 's very useful and I could n't have done some of the jobs I 've done without it . I do n't think you 'll be disappointed if you decide to purchase it . I also purchased the Ingersoll Rand SK4H13L 1/2-Inch Drive 13-Piece SAE Deep Impact Socket Set to go with it as I was told that regular sockets would not hold up . These are great sockets , very hefty with easy to read markings -LRB- great for those with over 40 eyes -RRB- .
 I purchased this impact wrench to replace a very old Craftsman hand me down which does n't have adequate power . The wrench is finished in very nice composite body with the air ports at the handle of the wrench . Power setting is established with a dial on the rear of the unit . There is a direction switch just below the dial setting . The trigger is very responsive and has variable power delivery . It fits 1/2 inch impact sockets perfectly and has a design where it grips the socket so it does n't fall off easily.The very first time I used this was to loosen up axle nut on a 7 year old car driven in the Northern USA climate -LRB- salt + road grime -RRB- . I would presume the torque delivery was very close to its maximum , but after 2-3 seconds of hammering , the axle nut came loose . Pretty impressive . I loosen up both side of the FWD axle in one minute . It saved me time , my back and possibly my knuckles if I would have it done manually with an extra long breaker bar.The wrench has a very nice balance and is pretty lightweight for its size and torque delivery . Please adhere to its minimum air delivery and pressure -LRB- make sure your compressor is up to snuff -RRB- . The wrench is not so quiet , but I usually use ear plugs around these things anyway . For the price + power delivery + quality of construction , I would comfortable rate it at 5 stars .
 I 've been using this with a Craftsman Pro 26gal compressor . I did some research and this impact wrench had good specs for the SCFM rating I could support . Just changed my timing belt last weekend and it was great for removing the wheel , motor mount , crankshaft pulley bolt etc. . The IR is short enough that it fits into most places you 'd expect to use an impact wrench . Also , it fits well in my hands and has a solid feel.There are three power settings on the back . The counterclockwise rotation is full force regardless of the setting . With the middle setting , my lugnuts go on just a bit tighter than spec , so I actually avoid using a torque wrench when I use this .
 I 've been sitting on the fence for years , reluctant to `` pony-up '' and buy one of these tools . Mostly because I 've used some of the AutoZone and Walmart varieties and have ended up returning them due to insufficient power . When I decided to tackle my '94 300ZX timing belt , I figured that I did n't need a fancy tool to break a single crankshaft bolt loose , right ?! Every time I applied pressure to the breaker bar , every cam and valve notch would pull out of line . Frustrated , I scoured the internet looking for `` sweet-spot '' in price vs. power and after hours of looking , found this Ingersoll-Rand for what I 'm certain was a very good price . Once I got this dude connected to my compressor and the pressure dialed in , it made the job almost too easy . Now I 've been looking for anything else with a lug or a bolt that I can use it on and it has worked like a charm every time . I really enjoy being able to change the three torque settings with the flip of a switch .
 I am an automotive technician & I use this gun everyday . I have no problem taking off lug nuts & lock nuts when performing an alignment . I am verry happy with the performance of this tool & would recomend it to anyone pro or weekend warrior .
 This tool takes the place of a lower-torque 200 fps , bottom-line unit , unable to remove high-torque fasteners . I run this off a small capacity 4.2 scfm double hotdog tank unit , and it performs great , for my intermittent use . It 's light weight gives it great versatility , and the easy lever torque adjustment puts it head and shoulders above competitors . I needed this to remove force fit self-locking nuts on the driveshaft and CV joints . Five-hundred fifty foot pounds of reverse torque does the job - just fine .
 A pleasure working with this tool no problemsshould have obtained this tool many years ago
 I bought a cheapo air compressor at a yard sale and wanted to buy an impact to use with it . I decided to spend the money on a good impact and went with this one . I can not say enough good about it . I do simple car repairs at home on our vehicles and this goes above and beyond in fulfilling my needs . I have no doubt it will last me the rest of my life . Spend the $ $ and never have to worry about an impact again . These days it is rare to buy a product that is well built and does the job , this one makes the grade . In case you are concerned this impact works great with a $ 200 Sears air compressor . You do n't need an expensive compressor to run it .
 I purchased this impact to replace a cheap HF impact that was pretty weak . Ingersoll-Rand has been making air tools for a long time and this tool exhibits that experience . It is fairly light and comfortable to use . The plastic parts that help keep it light feel solid and it feels like it will last . The torque selecting switch is a little stiff , but may loosen up over time . I have used to to dismantle several old cars and I have not found a bolt it would not loosen or twist off yet . Perfect for all home garages and most likely professionals as well .
 I just tried out this new impact gun - it is worth every dime I spent . I had an old Sanborn 1/2 '' that needed retirement . Amazon , as always , had the best price available ... and the free shipping - priceless !! I immediately went out and tried it on the lug nuts on my truck - zap , they were free quickly and efficiently ; same when I put them back on . i strongly recommend the IR line of products .
 So far so good . Works as promised . Compared with older Mac 234 , the IR 2130 is half the weight and more torque , plus way quieter ! Overall it was a good purchase !
 This is a great tool , struggled with an older cheap model for years . This makes tire rotations , brake and suspension work much easier .
 Easily and rapidly removes/replaces wheel lugs on all our vehicles with little noise or drama.It works at lower pressures but if you make sure it has at least 80PSI dynamic at the tool its a joy to use.It reminds me a bit of the experience of driving a truly fast car that is built for speed . It doesnt seem like you are going fast , it just seems like everyone else is going slow . This wrench has you wondering if those fasteners were actually fully torqued , as it so quickly removes them without even jumping around in your hand . It makes it look and sound easy.I cant imagine a better tool for my use unless it was cheaper or came with a guy to do the work for you .5 stars.I edited this review because I 've come to realize just how little so many people understand about pneumatics . Be skeptical of reviews by people who claim that their air tools dont work . I 'm confident that many of these people dont understand the concept of static or dynamic pressure , dont know how much pressure is dropped through their quick couplings and hoses , and have never actually measured with a gauge to see how much pressure is actully supplied at the tool while it is working . They just blame the tool . I 'm sure there is a bad product sometimes , but keep in mind how subjective and errant these reviews can be . If you are new to air tools , be sure you understand the difference between static and dynamic pressures and how to evaluate them .
 Ingersoll Rand 21301/2 - Inch Heavy Duty Air Impact WrenchGave this item as a Christmas gift and has definitely made every project successful .
 I was heading on Vacation to Florida when experiencing a blowout on my boat trailer . I have 4 wheels , so I was able to get off the road safely . However , I was nearly unable to get the blowout tire 's lug nuts loose to install the spare . Finally , I made it happen , but my wife thought I was going to have a heart attack trying . I took the trailer to a pro and replaced the tire . A few days later , I discovered a leaky tire caused by a piece of metal -LRB- probably related to cause of blowout -RRB- . I took the boat and trailer to a tire store . They could n't get the lug nuts loosed with their heavy-duty air wrenches finally plugging the leak mounted , but I knew I better do something about my stuck lugs , or find myself stranded with a possible heart attack . Salt water was locking my lugs with rust . It 's always an ordeal to take the boat and trailer to replace tires , rotate , or plug . I decided I needed an air lug wrench . I could -LRB- 1 -RRB- easily make certain my lugs were not stuck by easily keeping them working and -LRB- 2 -RRB- easily remove a tire -LRB- s -RRB- for whatever reason without needing to take the boat and trailer to a tire dealer . I purchased an air wrench from Walmart - their best . I like Walmart , but their best impact wrench could not begin to remove my lugs . I took it back . I went online and researched reading reviews . I settled on the 2130 Ingersoll-Rand . I appreciate Amazon 's easy return , so I ordered the 2130 . If I said it zipped off all my lugs with no problems , I would n't be honest . I had some seriously stuck lugs . It did get several I could n't turn with anything I had with a few seconds of hammering , but it could n't get a few heart attacks . I figured if a tire company could n't get my lugs loosed with their high impact wrenches , what was I expecting ? After some patience and penetrating oil , friends , muscle , and the 2130 , I hammered those lugs loose without breaking a single lug bolt -LRB- my fear -RRB- . I 'm very happy with the 2130 -LRB- which took after ordering 4 days -RRB- . It hammers hard . You 'll need a good compressor and about 100 plus lbs of pressure to get the stuck lugs loosed . You 'll also need some good penetrating oil -LRB- I learned there is a difference in both penetrating oils and air impact wrenches . -RRB- . After defeating the rebellious lug nuts , I wiped the grease , oil , and dirt from the 2130 , put it into its box , and placed it on the shelf with my precious tools . By the way , you will need to order , if you do n't have , the 1/2 inch deep well sockets -LRB- Walmart 's tool came with the sockets . The 2130 does n't . -RRB- . It 's a great tool .
 While this impact is on the lower end of the scale , it 's super strong and worth every penny . Amazon 's super saving shipping -LRB- free -RRB- to Hawaii is just what we need here . Guarantee I 'll be shopping more at Amazon .
 It is good bag but can not say perfect , due to material quality used . Think this bag will not last long . Sufficient quantity of pockets available though some of them could be done with zipper or lid for keeping small items
 I purchased this bag to carry a bunch of electrician gear . Zipper on the top is big enough to lock with a luggage lock which is just what I was wanting to do . Hard plastic bottom is a plus .
 No more tool boxes for me . This fits in my vehicle and becomes invisible where I keep it . Getting a smaller one for the overflow tools . Great change . Glad I tried it .
 I carry a lot of hand power tools and wrenches and this bag has pockets for everything . It is easy to carry with a comfortablehandle and carry strap . It holds a lot of weight .
 I wanted a bag to carry my PC 7424XP and supplies to go with it . This works quite well for the most part and is plenty big for the polisher , a full compliment of pads and some accessories . The material is n't super heavy duty but sufficiently heavy that I wo n't have to worry about it falling apart . the Base is a high quality ABS that seems sturdy and has enough play that it wo n't be brittle while not enough play to worry about deformation unless you store it in an attic for years with something heavy enough to crush the whole thing -LRB- but any plastic will deform in those cases with the exception of high-temp plastics -RRB- . The zippers are heavy duty plastic and I have zero doubts about them holding up well . It 's also nice to see METAL D rings being used . the exterior zippered pocket is a great size to carry small things that would easily get lost.Inside the bag , one side has pockets similar to those outside , while the other has a non-elastic strap . While the bag does have metal rods around the main opening , there is no locking mechanism , or even a hinge to keep the bag open . This can be a plus or a minus as I 've had some with hinges that break , or like to snap closed on fingers . Do keep in mind that this is a bag , so the capacity is smaller when closed than open , I 've had to re-adjust things inside a couple times when I closed the bag . I have not used the strap so I ca n't say how comfortable it is . The Handles have one of those loop around comfort things made of a nice rubber , but I dislike them and may just remove it as they tend to make things less comfortable unless you use it , which takes more time than it 's worth to me.Now then ... pockets . this thing has many and they 're useful for my needs , but as a tool bag I 'd be stuck using them to hold screws and nails . they 're too wide and shallow for a regular sized screwdriver , too thin for many other tools like a wrench/pliers . They 're about the right size to hold a Deck of playing cards , but taper as they go down as opposed to being a fully rectangular pocket . This saves on material and complexity of manufacturing but makes them much less useful in practice . The interior pockets seem to be different dimensions and they 're a bit more usable in that they seem bigger , bud they are just as shallow.Since I 'm using the pockets for things like a putty knife , a 3 '' backing plate , some detailing clay inside plastic card boxes , rubber gloves and some fake credit cards I use for detailing , I have no problems with the pockets . If I were doing framing work and needed a bag to carry a drill , hammer , nails and screws , this would work wonderfully . If I wanted to use the bag for a general purpose tool bag I 'd still get a regular tool box as the pockets would only be marginally useful .
 I bought this for my son for Christmas and he truly likes this one . Good quality material , plenty of storage areas with the top zipper area being the largest one . Color is great , a slate grey , sewn on handles ... perfect 18 &#34; size . I would reccomend this item to anyone looking for a tool-tote .
 The bag is large enough for all my tools , plus my cordless drill . Only one zippered pocket though . I would like to see more zippered pockets , and deeper outside pockets . It 's large , tough and durable . I 've had it for about 6 months now .
 This bag is the perfect solution for all my larger sized tools . I easily fit a large socket set , a cordless drill , battery , battery charger , small hand saw , and a bag a zip ties in the main compartment . Sturdy design , nice handle , and hard rubber base makes this a must have .
 I recently upgraded to this tool bag , because my craftsman bag was becoming to small . This bag has great storage abillity and it is incredibly rugged . The zippers are industrial grade and the bottom is hard plastic . It would also work great as a range bag for shooting . This bag is a no brainier for a tool guy on the move or a shooter with lots of clips and ammo :-RRB- !
 I just needed a large enough toolbag to accomodate the hammer that I have . It also helps that I can now close it .
 The Stanley 12-inch tool bag is my grab-and-go favorite for quick home repairs ; so I looked to Stanley for a big bomb-proof bag to serve as an all-purpose bugout bag , shooting bag , roadside emergency bag , gear bag -- whatever its use , its waterproof bottom , tough fabric , strong zippers , and well-organized pockets make this bag the perfect choice for bigger loads . Plus it is an excellent value !
 This product was everything I expected and more . Is a really good size for traveling and holds a lot more than it looks like it could .
 Bought this as I was looking to get rid of an old metal box style . Very rigid material , with a roomy interior . Got what I was looking for .
 I bought this bag to carry around/store my battery tools in . It seems like a very durable bag and can hold a lot of tools . The plastic bottom makes the bag hold its shape well when opening and carrying around .
 Great tool bag . Plenty of room for everything and then some . Very sturdy , a ton of pockets for anything you may need .
 I have about 25 ~ 30 lbs worth of tools in this bag and it supports the weight with no issues . Larger objects I have found I can lay in the bag with not many problems , or you can purchase canvas tool bags to group similar items and lay them in the bottom . This fits almost everything that I had stored in a two tier craftsman roll-away .
 First of all , this bag is pretty big ! Now , this comes from someone who does n't own a lot of tools , so maybe it just appears like I 'm swimming in it , but it does have a lot of room for smaller tools as well as large power tools . I bought this so I can start building a toolset for myself . Since most of what I do is computer and electronics repairs , I plan to have quite a few plastic snap cases that will fit just fine in here . Around the outside are a few open pockets that can be used to hold pliers and little cases of screws , nails or other small items . Inside , it 's literally an open bag without any dividers or supports of any kind , so its designed to carry larger items like drills and hammers . There are some internal pockets that can be used for holding more smaller items as well.The bottom of the case is hard plastic which will not only extend the life of the bag , but also keep water , oil and other elements from soaking in and causing problems later . The two handles can be velcroed together and there is also a shoulder strap to help carry the weight . I have yet to fill this bag up with tools and at my rate , this will take some time , but at least I know I have the space!All in all , a very nice bag that seems to be made of very high quality materials that will do fine on just about any job site .
 I Got This Bag For My Husband For Christmas . With The Picture Provided On Amazon , I Was Not Very Sure On This Buy , Especially Seeing How I Am A Woman & I Have The Least Bit Knowledge About Tools Or Tool Bagss ! But Based On The Reviews , As Well As The Price . This Was A Must Get ! After I Recieved The Bag I Knew It Would Be Perfect For Him ! For 30 Bucks , You Ca n't Go Wrong ! It 's Very VERY Sturdy & Durable ! I Was VERY Impressed ! Great Buy !
 This is a quality , heavy duty bag . It 's a fold out style `` doctor bag '' with a hard , flat bottom , so it does not roll around or tip over in a car . It 's a made from a tough mesh fabric with a heavy duty zipper . It 's fold out style allows you to really open it up and inspect the inside contents of the bag , just like old style doctor bags . As far as bags go , this is by far the easiest style of bag to rummage through , particularly with the flat bottom . There are also lot 's of little pockets on the inside and out . I personally use this for resin casting tools and materials . It 's easily the most perfect bag I have ever owned.Durable shoulder strap is also included , which makes it great for a carry-on for use in travel.If you need a bag of this approximate size , I would n't even consider any other bag .
 I have several Stanley tool box 's that I use on the job site . I purchased this tool bag for quick jobs . It 's light weight yet very tough and durable . Unlike most tool bags , this one has a rugged plastic bottom that helps absorb shock and prevents damage to tools if dropped . Also it 's great on wet , dusty , or muddy surfaces . The handle has a rubber grip which goes over the straps for additional support and comfort -LRB- has shoulder straps as well -RRB- . I have a good amount of heavy tools in there -LRB- about 25 pounds -RRB- and it shows no signs of wear or tear . It has plenty of space for all your tools and many pockets for accessories . This is one tool bag that can actually replace a lot of tool `` box 's '' . I am extremely impressed with the quality and craftmenship of the Stanley FatMax Tool bag .
 Bigger than it looks . Pretty well thought out . And most importantly - HARD BOTTOMED - No wet bag ! It holds a lotbut is n't big enough to tempt you to cram everything in it and not be able to lug it about . Two drills and extras and a whole lot of fittings and clamps and hand tools -LRB- cable installer -RRB- . Works fine for my Son and is sturdy too . He swears by it .
 I am a train mechanic , this tool bag meets my needs . The bag is well built but it needs smaller inside pockets to carry screwdrivers and pliers upright .
 This bag holds lots of tools ! I have 45 or 50 lbs . of tools in this bag already , and it shows no signs of stressand is comfortable to carry with the handle or shoulder strap.I think this bag will handle at least another 25 lbs . maybe more . Highly recomemended as a portable bag for mechanics or maintenance folks , and as a bag for plumbers , or fitters in shipyards such as myself .
 I just received this tool bag in the mail and opened it up right away . I have accumulated a lot of different tools recently and really needed something other than my craftsman tool box to store and organize and this appeared to fit the bill . I am really impressed with how well made this item is , from just the sheer ruggedness to all of the pouches to help keep things separate . Im not really carrying this thing around on a job or anything but I think the FatMax line would hold up for that just fine . It has shoulder strap along with the very strong nylon handles ... also a strong plastic shell at the bottom to protect your tools if the bag is dropped.Honestly for the price this is a great buy . Good products and cheap prices are not often things that go hand in hand ... rare enough are good products at any price point , so its great to see some companies can still get it right . When they do I have no problem giving a little free advertising up ... something companies should really start to keep in mind .
 I used this bag for my roofing nailer supplies . It fits my nailer and hose perfect . Also has many pockets to hold smaller stuff . Very nice !!!!!!!
 Bought this for myself , a more experienced , female do it yourselfer so that I could keep track of my tools and my husband could n't lose mine . I love this . Lots of pockets in and out , great shoulder strap to carry around and it carries a lot of tools easily .
 Picked one of these up recently as I 've been lugging tools out to work on the Vehicles.Saw this for a great price when picking up some motor oil and felt it might fit the bill.With the included padded shoulder strap it makes lugging the bag around rather a pleasent experience compared to taking multiple hard boxes up and down stairs.Now I just toss what I need in the bag and go!Seems really well made.Only change I 'd make would for maybe a few less open external pockets for ones with flaps . -LRB- There is one on the opposite side of what 's pictured that fit a multimeter of mine very well . -RRB- Nice interior pockets make finding often used tools easy.Typical High Quality Stanley product !
 I am a professional mechanic and use tools every day . I bought this to replaced aplastic stanley tool box . It is very nice . Well made with pockets galore.I wish though that some pockets were deeper and it had more on the inside.Time will tell how this holds up overall . I 've only been using it for a monthnow.I really like it and would buy another if this holds up . I think the hard bottomon this is a plus .
 Purchased this to replace an aging and leaking Hansgrohe model that came with my house . The Clubmaster handshower comes with three spray settings
 I have been looking for this now discontinued polished brass Hansgrohe Clubmaster Hand shower for over a year . The one we 've had for 10 years cracked and none of the local plumbing places could locate one for me . I found this one on Amazon and after reading the reviews , I emailed the seller about the condition of the product . The seller replied back in less than 12 hours . I ordered and received the item in 3 days exactly as promised ... new , unused and in original packaging !! I appreciate the previous review on how to take out the flow restrictor . I looked on youtube for instructions and removed the flow restrictor very easily !!! This is exactly what I needed !!! Thank you so much !!
 You can tell a lot about suspiciously cheap socket set by the finish . If a company does n't take the time to make the finish and lettering look good then their sockets probably wo n't be good . But , these are beautifully finished with good attention to detail , and the machining is comparable to any of the higher priced domestic brands . Even the constrction of the blue plastic box exceeded my expectations . I will actually be able to keep the sockets in this box at work , it was constructed for regular use instead of just making sure it lasts until you get them.I used to be a loyal customer to the higher-end brand-named tools . But , it is purchases like these that make me happy I gave `` cheap tools '' a try . My job in an industrial setting results in a lot of lost tools . With this set I get a good quality product that has already proved it can stand up to being used daily ... and ... if I lose them it wo n't result in a significant financial and emotional event to replace.Highly recommend .
 Truly high quality specialty sockets at a great price . The storage box is made out of good thick plastic .
 Even though they are made in Taiwan , these are a quality set for the money . I could not justify spending 4 times as much on a Snap-on set . I have used them regularly working on a home built chopper and have performed well .
 I brought the metric and SAE sets for my son in law who is a home garage mechanic , Who also builds motorcycles on the side . He has already put them to work , and likes them very much .
 These are good for the price I have used only twice they seem to be good and durable will use more to see how well they hold up
 I purchased these along with the Neiko extra long tamper-torx bits to use professionally in my auto repair shop . Both of the sets are of equal quality and work very well . I own a set of Snap-On short hex bits and have had them for years . I have never had a problem with those bits which is why I was going to purchase the extra long bits from the truck . I changed my mind when I learned how overpriced the Snap-On bits were . After some searching online I found these Neiko bits and am very pleased with my purchase . They are not as nice as the Snap-On bits , mainly the finish , but they do the job well and fit precisely in the hex bolts they are used to install/remove . The blow molded case is nice as well . Give these bits a try and you will not be disappointed .
 these are well worth the money . I use these on my job ; maint . and machinery repair and i like that these have a very thick shaft , no twisting of shaft when trying to break a bolt loose . It would have been nice to have a few more sizes in the set . I would have paid for them . I like this set so much I just ordered the metric set . the platsic case is nice also .
 good quality , easy to work with.good quality , easy to work with.good quality , easy to work with.good quality , easy to work with.good quality , easy to work with .
 I bought these for small jewelry boxes ; found that they were a better size set-up for much larger applications . I think most rail/stile bits are made to acommodate entry doors . These are useful all the way up to kitchen cabinet doors . Very smooth cut , low vibration , easy set-up .
 I 'm no expert at router bits but my experience with these router bits was good . I would n't say excellent , but definitely were worth the purchase . The rail and stile bits worked extremely well , with clean cuts and minimal tear-out . The raised panel bit does n't work quite as well but I believe that may be because of some inaccuracy on my part . The raised panel front and the etched back are cut at the same time , which is a great deal of wood stock to remove at one time . When doing straight edges , it is possible to use your fence to remove only small portions of stock at a time -LRB- and thereby prevent tear-out or binding -RRB- . However , it becomes rather interesting when doing a cathedral arc . I was able to figure out how to remove most of the stock slowly using the fence , but the point in the cathedral where it goes from straight to arc was hard to get removed and I burned the wood in that location several times . With the back-cutters , using a fence is the only way to take several passes to remove the wood stock . Also , the directions which came with the router bits mentioned 10K RPMs for the raised panel bit -LRB- I used ~ 12K -RRB- and 14K RPMs for the rile/stile bits -LRB- I used ~ 16K -RRB- . I used these router bits with a Bosch 1617EVS router and they worked well . So far I 've made 19 doors with few difficulties , the rile/stile bits showing no wear , and the raised panel showing very slight wear .
 I am reviewing these sockets from the perspective of using them for light/infrequent use . I keep these sockets inside my motorcycle backpack . They are the perfect thing for emergency or casual repairs , and it is nice to have a cheap set of sockets with me at all times . They are inexpensive enough that I do n't care if they get lost or damaged -- I can just buy another set . They are also of relatively good quality , and have decent tolerances . Some inexpensive sockets do n't fit quite right and can end up damaging bolts.That said , they probably would n't hold up to a lot of heavy-duty use . I ca n't see myself beating up on them like I can higher-quality sockets , and I have broken one of them using a breaker bar . Granted , I stood -LRB- 330lbs -RRB- on a 6ft breaker bar , so I ca n't fault the sockets much for that . The socket in question fractured slightly but did not fail entirely , and I DID loosen my bolt :-RRB- . Will definitely buy a replacement set if I need them . Perfect to keep in the trunk/around the house . Great product !
 I could n't find one less expensive . Very convenient for the 5 times a year that I need a metric socket . I am sure it 's not the highest quality , but it works for me .
 These sockets work just fine for everything that I need to do . I also like the bar to keep them organized .
 Good bang for the buck , but not craftsman quality . A socket failed when attempting to remove a hub mounting bolt that was rusted in place -LRB- craftsman socket finished the job -RRB- . Have worked flawlessly other than that one incident .
 Exceptional service ! Fast delivery and exactly as described . GREAT sharpener !
 I looked around and this was the best price . Even called the company that makes this blower . It was delivered timely . Easy to install . Came with directions .
 Relatively easy to install if you have moderate `` handy '' skills . Definitely easier to install with the entire gas insert removed from the fireplace , but I 'd expect it could be done with the insert in place since the blower installs through the front and inside the gas insert not behind it . It does what its suppose to and was a lot cheaper through amazon than my local store . I 've used it two seasons now and have n't had any trouble . Good buy so far .
 This replacement blower for our Napolean Insert fit perfectly , works as well as the original but less expensive . Would certainly recommend it !
 I have a Napoleon fireplace insert . It is a model GDI-44N . This blower is exactlylike the factory original . It fit in perfectly and works great . I highly recommendthis factory original blower as your replacement if your blower should fail .
 The blower was delivered very quickly through regular delivery . It was easy to install and has been working fine . Customer Service number on return address label lets you talk to a real person if you have problems or questions .
 I used this in my security Chimney BIS fireplace . It does n't have the same output as the original twin fans but is an economic choice .
 I love this tool bag . Like most all Stanley products it is very well build . Heavy Duty.Very light weight also.Great buy
 This is the environmmentally responsible solder to use because it does not have any lead in it . And this appears to be the best value that I could find on Amazon or anywhere else that I looked . The shipping was extremely fast , less than two days . It was even faster than Amazon Prime . I ordered a soldering iron at the same time on Amazon Prime and this solder arrived a day earlier than the soldering iron . The shipping time at the time of my order make it look like it would take a week to arrive . So this is a good supplier . Anyway , it melts and performs just like regular solder .
 Its a gate valve ! Pretty cheap and works as it should . The handle is RED just like all other gate valves , for whatever reason the pictures are grayscale .
 This faucet in chrome has a retro industrial style that looks great on the medium-sized pedestal sink in my art deco bathroom from the 1930s . The spout length -LRB- `` faucet reach '' -RRB- is just over 4 '' , so it fits well ; most widespread faucets today have spouts of 5.5 inches , which was just too long for the sink we selected . The handles are relatively small , but not too small for easy function or to be out of proportion . A small red or blue ring on top of the handles indicate hot and cold - these are very discrete , but visible . Installation took a little thought ; the faucet had to be screwed down from above onto the T-pipe that brings the water in from the handles . The T-pipe was just too wide to turn in the confined area under the pedestal sink .
 This liner fits my very old Sears paint tray which I enjoy using very much . I have had it for years and think that the tray design is the perfect size . The liners fit perfectly . The supplier shipped them quickly . I bought 10 of them so the price per liner was not too bad when shipping was included .
 If you have n't been using plastic tray liners when you paint , you really need to start . These plastic tray liners fit nicely into any standard roller tray -LRB- metal , plastic , etc. -RRB- . Do not use these tray liners without a tray to put them in.When you are done painting just pour the excess paint back in the can and toss the tray liner . What 's easier than that ? Or , you can wipe down and rinse the tray liner for repeated use .5 stars all the way !
 Easy install and product works great . I would say the only downfall is the loudness of the blower but that 's what you get when you want air movement ! Great product !
 I am extremely pleased with this lamp . It 's very attractive and well made . Product was shipped promptly and packaged very well . I 'm considering purchasing the matching table lamp & chandalier .
 This is easily the strongest pry bar I 've ever owned . It takes abuse that other bars wo n't and keeps going . Well made tool that is a great addition to any toolbox .
 THE TOOL IS A VERY STRONG AND USEFUL PRYBAR AS TAHT IS WHAT I US IT FOR IN THE AUTO WORLD.THE ONLY THING THAT IS WRONG IS THE PICTURE DOESENT DO THE PRODUCT JUSTISE.MAYBE PUT A PICTURE OF A PERSON WITH THE BAR IN HAND STANDING NEXT TO IT.LIKE SHOW A CAR WITH MECHANIC STANDING NEXT TO IT AND THE BAR STANDING FROM GROUND TO THE HAND NEXT TO TECH .
 I read the first review for this product after I had purchased the product and was waiting for it to arrive . Then I read the second review a month after I had the product . The first review really made me concerned that I was going to be unhappy with my purchase . So , before they showed up , I walked through the neighborhood and got a good feel for the amount of light shed by other solar path lights . I did this so that my expectations would be in line by the time they arrived.Once they arrived , I put them together and set them up with little problem . I purchased them to provide an economical means of lighting the front path and steps particularly when I was n't using the rest of the electrical lights . The amount of light these solar powered lamps project is just fine for a pathway up to my house . In comparison to other solar lights in the neighborhood , they are significantly similar . They have a whiter light about them than some of the other sets of lights I observed . The amount of light produced is clearly enough that no one is going to trip.From the street , they are a very charming accent to the yard . They definately break up the darkness when I do n't have the other lights on in the yard.Also , I have found that during the first week the time they stayed on was shorter than expected . However , they have now been here for over a month and they go on by 8:00 p.m. -LRB- or when it is getting ready to rain -RRB- and they are still on the next a.m. at 7:00 a.m. . If I look closely , I notice that they are still on even after the sun rises.I found the construction to be just fine . When I consider that each light costs about $ 8 I do n't think there is anything wrong with them . They do exactly what I wanted them to do , they have the copper finish in the height that is hard to find and , I am overall pleased with them . I 've received several compliments about them .
 I modified these lights to be mounted on the posts of the deck I recently built . The lights are approx . 3 ' off the deck floor and when lit they give off a nice subtle glow that creates an enjoyable ambience sitting on the deck on a warm summer evening . The design of these lights to run off of a single LED -LRB- Light Emitting Diode -RRB- is impressive . The globe refracts the light out away from the unit in a circular area and gives you the maximum benefit from the LED . Also on a good bright sunny day these units will charge and stay lit all night . Kudos to Malibu for such a great product . And Kudos to Amazon for an excellent price .
 This little kit was exactly what I needed to get into a copper solar light disply for my home . The lights are super bright , but enough to light the walkway , and the charge only lasts about 4-6 hours ... which is still 10pm even on the darkest days . With some prices being 3 times this amount or more I think it 's a great buy . If someone wants `` outdoor '' lighting then they 'll need a much bigger -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- kit .
 I was very pleased with the solar lights ... . Everything was as told by the write-up . They are nice looking lights ...
 They really work well . Seem to be always lit at night even when there has n't been that much sunlight that particular day .
 It does nearly everything we expected . I worked at lighting store for 15 years so know landscape lighting products . We use in semi sunny area and stays light for about 4 hours which is what we needed for identifying driveway and walk entrances in early evenings . 4 stars rather than 5 because one of the kit of 8 did not work and had to get mfg to replace .
 Itemm was in perfect condition but did n't match the one that i had . Returned for refund
 These lights are very clear and bright and hold a charge all night . I was very pleased with this purchase - would recommend
 A nice product ... shipped quick ... They are a hard type of rubber so your tolerances will need to be spot on .
 These lights are much sturdier than similar plastic lights . They provide a pleasing yellow light which is bright enough to see your way in the dark . Great for accent lighting also . I have a lot of trees around my home so they only get a couple of hours of direct sunlight , but even so , they come on for about 4 hours . Just be careful of the plastic ground stake . It can snap off if you 're not careful . I think these lights are worth the money . I bought a 2nd set because I was so pleased with the first .
 These lights are the perfect addition to your landscaping . I have them all over my deck in planters , they illuminate just enough area to make everything look really nice .
 We used this on a set of antique dressers . Initially the drawers would barely open , now they slide easily enough for my three year old to open and close them . Well worth the price .
 PROS : Works well when applied as directedCONS : Over-powering fragranceWarning on jar NOT to inhale -LRB- then why add all that fragrance ? -RRB- Product 's main ingredient = petroleum jelly . Starting to wonder if I could have just used that -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- instead .
 Applied product on the bottome of wooden drawers and now they easily slide open an close . This is a good product .
 I bought this product to help with the drawers on some antique dressers . This product is amazing . The dresser drawers work like new !! Have used it on other furniture in my house . I would highly recommend this product .
 This product does exactly per the spec 's . The packaging is also just right for smaller projects and homeowers like myself . I am also looking to use this product in our RV were rubbing items can be relieved wirh the use of this product . A very good product and value .
 We used this on a new dresser . The drawers were wood on wood , and had a very hard time opening . A friend recommended Sliddez , which I purchased from Amazon , now the drawers slide in and out with no issues . If the Slideez wears off after some time , there is plenty of lubricant in this can to recoat as necessary .
 I have owned this light for many years , many dives , prior the advent of slick LED lights there was no comparison for underwater diving at night unless you had a massive battery back pack cave diving light setup , and this King Pelican dive light still remains one of the greatest night lights at a competitive price for what it accomplishes underwater.The key feature that trumps other dive lights is the MASSIVE reflector , by no means is this a spot light , again this is meant for underwater diving , as a scuba diver what matters most is the wide beam to illumiate the largests area of the sea floor or what have you , perhaps if your in a tight wreck a diver would want a narower farther spot , but this King does holds its own in the underwater world.If you want a single emergency light to illuminate the entire house , this gets the job done -LRB- just stand up at the ceiling -RRB- . Again its not a spot light , its a FLOOD LIGHT . As the previous review indicated , its is bright!There is no other reflector size on the market -LRB- in this catagory -RRB- that operates underwater . FYI , the bulb life will last the average user a life time , and the bulbs are cheap compared to the rest.The technology may be old , but its tried and true .
 Best flashlight ever . My first one lasted 12 years and was fabulous for using in my garage and workshop . It was such an integral part of my tool line up that I had to buy another one . It 's very durable and very bright . I work on mowers as a sideline and enjoy auto repairs and restoration of gas pumps and any old cool mechanical/electrical items from years gone by , a regular `` American Restoration '' guy . I ca n't say enough good about this flashlight . It 's a lot of money , but gives years of great service .
 This is a very attractive functional lantern . It was used as a functioning decoration and was lovely .
 This filter was no different in quality from the filters bought locally in the past . I would recommend and will continue to purchase this product .
 I have been paying the heating and air conditioning person to do what I was able to accomplish by myself in less than ten minutes.Don ' t rush the job of removing the old filter since it is important to see how this filter is held in place by the plastic holder .
 Best to order these online than to buy at a store . There is a big difference in savings this way .
 Good price , way below the local HVAC store 's offering . That 's what counts in this instance . I bought 2 to cover the next year .
 Product as described - real Aprilaire filters . Be wary of others that claim to be a replacement - they are most likely cheap knockoffs and you get what you pay for .
 What can you say ? It 's air filter media . It was packaged well , arrived as promised and fit . It was pretty easy to install . I would likely reorder this same one when we need one next year .
 filter was exact replacement and shipped very fast , I would pyrchase again next time I need one , workes fine and fits like a glove
 What can i say , they are the filters that fit my furnace the best . OEM is the way to go . I like clean air !!!!!
 Delivery of the product was very prompt with standard shipping . Last time I bought a generic `` box '' filter at Lowes . Buying this OEM from this firm was no more expensive and it will last longer . Decided to go back to the OEM , as I think they last longer -LRB- up to two years if you do not run your blower 24/7 -RRB- . It was a snap to install . Beats having HVAC tech come out .
 Actual manufacturers filter , not a substitue . Quick shipment , good price . This is where I get my filters in the future !
 When we got the box we expected a little more strenous project ... husband had the new filter installed in 15 minutes !
 This is the same filter you would buy at dealer or box store just alot lower price , fits perfect and the same quality .
 Just received our new air cleaner , thought it would be difficult to replace but to my surprise it was as easy as 1,2,3 . Took about 10 minutes . Just followed the instructions and no problems . Saved us about $ 50.00 for the Air Cleaner plus house call fee of $ 75.00 . It 's a no brainer .
 I had a SpaceGuard 2000 HEPA Air Filter installed on our natural gas forced air furnace when our house was built in 1988 . These type filters do a really good job and only need changing about once per year . Initially , I had the HVAC technician provide and change the filter during annual maintenance , but the cost of the filter element was about $ 75.00 to the best of my recollection plus potentially higher labor cost . Changing the filter is not difficult , but requires some patience in getting the first spacer `` comb '' aligned in each of the pleats . I have the best luck laying the comb flat across the pleats and then dropping each comb finger into the pleat folds . Once the first comb is in place , it is a snap to position the other four combs next to the first and just drop in and slide over to their proper position . This is a very cost effective alternative , especially if you are a Prime member .
 I have the Aprilaire 2200 and tried a few other makers of this replacement filter media . I must say , this is by far the best one for ease of replacement .
 Not much to say other than , I got exactly what I ordered . A replacement filter for my HVAC system . I change this out once a year and it does a good job filtering dust
 I bought one earlier to make sure it was the correct filter and was easy to install . I have 2 furnaces , so I ordered another and 2 more to keep on hand .
 Just bought the house and the previous owners had a Aprilaire filter already installed . I had never even heard of it before . After a little research I quickly understood that I had been missing out all these years by not having one in any of the homes I 've owned . As a mild allergy sufferer living in Florida , I need all the help I can get . This truly is a superior home HVAC filter . Now , when I asked the previous owner how he serviced it , he pointed to the sticker on the unit with Billy Bobs Service phone number on it . He said it cost $ 150 a year for them to come out and service the `` extremely complicated filter '' . I thought that seemed a little high to just change/service a filter . I 'm glad I found this on Amazon . It is in fact a genuine Aprilaire filter just as described . At first I thought I had received the wrong filter as I assumed I would be getting the entire unit -LRB- plastic housing and all -RRB- and there would n't be any assembly required . After opening the small box that came in and finding out that I needed to install in the original plastic housing it all made sense . It is self explanatory once you pull the old filter media out . I think it might have taken me 5 minutes from start to finish . I would highly recommend buying from Amazon and saving yourself some money . It is an easy swap . I saved $ 120 just doing it myself !
 I am very pleased with the Aprilaire Space-Gard 201 Replacement Filter . I suffer from many airborne allergies and this filter has helped me avoid the use of an inhaler for a few seasons . In San Antonio , TX the pollen is year round , unfortunately , it means I can not open my house to the breeze but living in filtered air is so much better for me.This filter is very easy to install . It lasts as long as I would expect , and it works like I expected . This is my 2nd purchase of this filter through Amazon.Amazon shipped it in a timely manner and I am pleased .
 Very happy with this product . The price was cheaper than what I can buy locally , and I loved the free shipping I received . Amazon packaged these filters properly -LRB- I had purchased some from A DIFFERENT vendor and those came damaged in shipment , yet functional -RRB- . These filters were packaged properly by Amazon and were packaged in a superior manner compared to the previous vendor I used.I 'd recommend these because it was cheaper than buying locally and the shipping was free .
 Had an Aprilaire installed in 2008 . When they told me the price to have them `` maintain '' the unit I checked into doing it myself . There is a YouTube video for replacing these filters that you will definitely want to watch . Search a couple and watch 2 or 3 to get the idea . About a 5 minute job and fairly safe it you are n't seriously ham-handed . Do n't know if the other filters are just as good but for the extra couple of bucks I 'd just as soon buy this one . Installed with no problems whatsoever so I 'm a happy camper .
 Man , what a life saver in finding this product for the price . I normally would go to my local heating and cooling company and get one -LRB- 1 -RRB- air filter for about $ 75.00 . I never though about ordering furnace parts online . By ordering through Amazon , I was able to get three -LRB- 3 -RRB- filter for the same price . Man I am so happy . Not only do I have the correct replacement filter but I have spares for a great price . Thanks again .
 The air cleaners I purchased at Amazon were easy to install and I feel they are doing an excellent job in cleaning our air . I will order again . Thank you .
 This filter replacement was exactly what was needed . The item came professionally packaged and installed very easily.I would definitely order from this company again as they were fast & correct .
 this product arrived on time in good shape and fit right the first timewith no problems and at a very good price thank you
 This was exactly as described and what I needed for my furnace . The price was decent and better than I had found in stores .
 I bought this product from original manufacturer for the quality and could install it easily . Based upon others ' reviews , I 'd stay away from generics
 The Aprilaire systmem is the best filtration system available for your home . Easiest and less time consuming than electronic filter maintenance with better flow and pollutant removal .
 The replacement filter works great ! It 's just a little tricky to install . If you use a little patience you can get it done in 10 15 minutes .
 This picture should be change on Amazon 's front page . I ordered this product based on picture , but got different filter . Had to call company for exchange the right one.Also , original name `` Aprilaire Space-Gard '' now replaced by `` Lennox Healthy Climate '' . People said it the same quality and size , but I preferred get what I paid for .
 The filter arrived promptly and was as advertised . It was an exact replacement and easy to install . The only reason I did not award 5 stars was that the price was a little high for what the product is . In the future I will monitor the price and order multiple filters when I find the best price instead of waiting until it must be changed .
 Not a painter so I judge as an amateur -- great product . Good variety for many different applications . Smooth paint load -- flexible bristle and cleaned nicely with water and soap -- only used with latex based paint .
 This outlet is very classy/classic looking -- will never go out of style -- perfect for our tile backsplash in kitchen .
 The plug outlets are perfect . The dark , oil-rubbed color matches my decor . I am pleased with the quality-not flimsy or plastic , but solid metal . They came promptly , and wrapped for protection .
 I have been scrolling for 6 years now and have finally decided to settle in on fewer scroll saw blade types . One thing that really helps is a consistent &#34; feel &#34; of your blade . I work in 1 &#34; walnut for almost all of my work . I have learned that there is nothing that I can not do in 1 &#34; material with either a # 5 or a # 7 blade . The precision grind are the best once you get the &#34; feel &#34; of using them . Well worth the extra money in blade life and the quality of the cut . Very smooth indeed !
 I have owned these Wells Lamont 3214L gloves for about a year now . I originally bought them to go with my service tools to be used on job sites etc. . I am an avid primitive camper and novice survivalist . It was n't long before I decided to put them with my camping gear . I have owned many pairs of leather gloves over the years , but these are my favorite . The leather -LRB- pig skin -RRB- is soft . It 's thick too . Not like other brands I have owned . The fit is comfortable . I have medium sized hands and I prefer snug fitting gloves . The medium size fits just right . For the price , these are actually better than Underarmor -LRB- I may have mispelled that -RRB- tactical gloves , though maybe not as cool looking . That said , I 'm much more concerned with how rugged they are . You just can not go wrong with these gloves .
 I like this glove . I 'm a hard core DIYer and typically use thin mechanics type gloves whenever I work with my hands doing carpentry projects , landscaping and cutting brush or firewood . The mechanics gloves are very supple , but wear out quickly in about one or two weeks for me . I was looking for a thicker work glove that also had a reasonable amount of dexterity . These are thicker and not as supple as the mechanics type glove but I have used them for 6 weeks now and they are still in great shape . I prefer the dexterity of a mechanics glove for carpentry projects , but use these gloves for all other outside work . One more thing , in warm weather , they are a bit warm and my hands sweat with them , however , the warmth may be a plus in colder weather .
 I stock groceries at a supermarket . Handling cardboard boxes , wooden skids , case cutters , and so forth , takes a major toll on your hands . I 've tried a lot of different gloves to protect mine , with varied results . The vinyl coated stretch gloves are great for working with full cases , but useless for stocking individual items on the shelves , as they give you little sensitivity of touch . I 've tried several different ` work ' gloves , none of which worked well . ` Mechanics ' gloves , while GREAT for working on the car , last about a week in this environment -LRB- at $ 20 a pair , not so good -RRB- . Other leather gloves either do n't allow enough sensitivity for stocking small glass jars , lightweight boxed goods and such , or , in the case of the similar Wells Lamont deerskin glove , tear up quickly . The pigskin glove , however , works wonderfully under all circumstances . I really USE -LRB- or perhaps , ABUSE -RRB- these gloves . A little stiff at first , after about 2 days use I 've got good tactile sense , so small bottles are n't a problem , yet working with cased goods my hands are protected . Handling and stacking wood skids I never get splinters or cuts , and they provide at least some protection from the occasional slip of a box cutter . AND , I get about 6 to 8 weeks of wear from a pair ! Highly recommeded for for heavy work where manual dexterity and tactile sense is important !!!
 I do industrial construction and fabrication for a living , let me tell you , these gloves can rock and roll ! Wells Lamont offers cheaper gloves that provide just as much -LRB- if not more -RRB- protection for your hands but these are my favorite . Why ? They are comfortable , quick to put on and off , they provide great protection -LRB- grazed my hand with a 41/2 '' grinder , the gloves are still fine , so is my hand -RRB- , oh , and did I mention comfortable?I work with a lot of sharp metal , all thread , glues , silicone , paint , PVC , just about everything , and these gloves have n't failed me ! In fact , I 'm going to buy another pair right now .
 Been looking for a product that provides protection with a great deal of hand maneuverability . This is the best product on the market . I had the previous one for over 6 years -LRB- SUG -RRB- , and this new glove model improves on their already excellent product .
 I purchased these gloves and they are exactly what I was looking for in a gardening glove . They fit well and after the initial use they are very supple . They offer great protection while working with thorny plants like roses or burberries but allow enough felxability to pull small weeds . The velcro closure holds the glove snug on your fingers so they do n't move arevound while you are working .
 The leather is firm and the glove is warm particularly in this cold spell in January 2013 . This is the third pair I 've purchased .
 Comfortable , can feel things good screws , drill bits etcUsed while backer boarding a bathroom.Worked well but rough wonder board scuffed the leather fairly easily.Good all round glove carpentry , tools , gardening -LRB- non abrasive -RRB-
 I bought these for my boyfriend and have a pair in womon 's size and we both really like them . The leather is soft and relatively thin so you can actually feel what you are grabbing . The fabric on the back of the hand has a nice stretch to it for a good fit . If you want to do some heavy duty work , these will wear out on you faster than thicker gloves . We use them for yard and gardening work ; more for times when you do n't want to get splinters , stickers or spider bites . Great quality for a good price . Would recommend and will buy again .
 I use these for working out . I am afraid of the spread of germs at the gym so I use a full fingered glove ... these are perfect for that . Good grip too .
 Great pump , needed to replace our pump after 20 years , and this one looks like it will last another 20 . Great pricing and easy shipment .
 My basement sump pump went out last year during a heavy rain . I bought this one at my local Menards -LRB- under the Barracuda brand name , same pump -RRB- and it works just fine . We had a very rainy summer and fall and this thing got a workout . The screen on the bottom is plastic but when you remove it -LRB- for cleaning -RRB- you can see the pump is cast iron . My old pump was a cast iron Wayne brand that is why I picked the cast iron . It is a little more heavy duty but the way plastic is made now the plastic model would probably work too . Superior cost less than Wayne and I have not seen a difference other than this one may pump faster.Custom Leathercraft 125L Handyman Flex Grip Work Gloves , Large
 We recently purchased and new home and immediately learned we needed to replace our pump . We purchased this model and was very pleased with how well it worked . I would recommend this to everyone !
 Pump has lived up to the test of running frequently . My house sits at the low point of our block . I like how quiet it runs . A contractor friend of mine was impressed as well -LRB- he assisted in the installation -RRB- . This is an excellent pump at a very good price .
 This is an awesome product . After reading about it online I looked in every hardware and home improvement store in my area and could n't find it . Finally ordered it from Amazon.com and refinished my kitchen and mudroom floors . Easy to use with wonderful results . Well worth the money . I have refinished wood floors the conventional way with a sander -- boy what a mess ! With this product there is no mess at all . It seems a bit pricey at first but when you compare it with the cost of renting a sander and purchasing a high quality poly I think you 'd be paying about the same . Highly recommend this product .
 Good product . We could n't find one the color that we wanted , so we bought this one and painted it . It came out great .
 Sturdy pump that I used for the downstairs bathroom . Easy to install and very powerful . I had it for a month and it operates without issues.I had this pump for three years now , it is still working like it is new . I never had to open the tank to check on the pump . Great pump .
 I 've been using this pump for over two years and it works perfectly . It 's been a real lifesaver during flooding periods . My smaller pump could n't handle the volume of rain water . I could n't find anything like it in the home supply stores . I was surprised to find it on Amazon . The pump is durable cast iron . I 'm very pleased with its performance .
 so far this pump seems to be working well . it is much more quiet than my old one . i haven had it long enough to say much about it . it seems to do the job .
 This pump works quite well . Let the pump run with the largest exit port you can connect . The volume of water pumped by the Superior Pump is tremendous . Fit a large pipe to the outlet and the liquid blasts out of it like a firemans hose . Cast Iron is more heavy duty so I bought that one .
 I shopped around and this was about the best price I found . The pump is exactly what I needed , works very good.What else can I say , it pumps the liquid out of my septic tank to a leach field that is higher than the septic .
 It is a work horse nice.I guess I have to write 14 words . I believe that it is nonsense . Blah blah blah
 Good pump , did what it was supposed to do ... lol ... pump poop and do it faster than the other pumps
 Works great no problems after two months of use , ca n't beat it for the money great product !! Highly recommended to anyone
 This was a replacement for a 3/4 HP pump that got clogged . This was was significantly lighter and capacity was very close to the 3/4 and well over my normal use anyways.Easy to drop into the well since it 's so light and you barely hear it when it 's running . Keep in mind that the pump floating switch may not be in an ideal position when you install it in the well . For example , if you use the standard size well and drop the pump in dead center , it will certainly not leave enough free movement room for the switch . So you need to install the pump so that its almost against the wall OPPOSITE the pump float switch . This way you give enough room for the switch to move and go whichever was it wants . Very important ! Never underestimate how much freedom the pump switch will need.Also , despite what you see in the photos or video on this product , there is NO intake screen . When you look at the pump intake from the bottom , you see just a large 1.5 or 2 inch hole &#8212; not a screen . I do n't think this is an issue but just something to keep in mind if this is a selling point for you .
 self installed and working great . only a month in use , but pumps discharge from kitchen sink 150 ft. to septic tank .
 Been using the Superior Pump 93501 1/2-Horsepower Cast Iron Sewage Pump with Tethered Float Switch for a little over a month now & it has been working great , no problems at all . The $ 120.00 with free shipping , price was great too considering we could n't find any new sewage pumps that were 1/2 horsepower for less than $ 200.00 .
 I will keep ordering from Amazon.com as I find it real easy to get around and the prices are lower than other places even locally.Thank You again Amazon keep up the good work!Jason
 Bought this pump for my boy friend who is a contractor . He installed it in a septic system on the job . Said it worked great and he could not believe the power of this pump . He has used Wayne Pumps in the past but has found Superior to be cheaper and they do not leak the oil out of the impeller chamber . Amazon is the place to shop after hours .
 If you like to scroll saw you will like these blades -- other makers sell blades at the same price that wo n`t cut half as well . The cut edges barely need sanding and the blades stay sharp longer than I would have believed , and the blades resist breaking well too .
 I am new to scroll sawing and have tried a few different types of blades . This is the only blade I 've tried that I can really control my cuts with and the only blade that will easily cut 2X stock . It cuts straight and it holds up well also .
 Just the right size -LRB- measure yours correctly before ordering ! -RRB- but I wish it came in other colors . I primed/painted mine , BUT the paint scratches off where the latch is . :-LRB- It 's exactly the size I wanted though , as my lock spacing is `` older '' and not the newer 5.5 '' or 6 '' OC , so my local stores did n't stock this size .
 Sorry , bought it locally . Maybe I should have tried exchanging it , it is screaming loud.Is it supposed to be screaming loud ? This is my first belt sander . It works great so far , after a few days of use . Installing the belt was easy , and it tracks right . I intend to use it as a stationary belt sander . Maybe the fact that it is upside down is the problem : DWhat I mean by `` screaming loud '' is that it is loud enough to almost require earplugs .
 I purchased this belt sander as I needed something quick and did n't want to spend a fortune on one . I figured that I have had great success with other Skil tools , that I would check this out . I 'm glad I did.I used this to get some new 6 panel doors to fit better without taking the saw to them . I did n't have any issues whatsoever with the belt . It never once came off or got shredded ... and that was with the 80 grit sanding belt that comes with it.Don ' t buy the `` Frequently Bought Together '' !!!! It recommends that you buy a 21 '' sanding belt and this is an 18 '' belt sander . Based on the other reviews , I did n't even both with buying additional cheap belts . I can highly recommend the Bosch 18 '' belts for use on this sander . I finished using the supplied belt and then used the Bosch belt to finish removing the paint on a 24 `` x36 '' piece of plywood.I am very happy with this purchase and highly recommend it to home owners looking for something more heavy duty that a random orbital rotary sander .
 The belt that came with the sander worked good for a long time . After it lost the roughness I bought 3x18 belts from Walmart . The belt didn 's last long at all . Worse than that every 10 secs or so I had to put the belt back . It keeps coming off . I would NOT buy this item again .
 I bought this to replace an old craftsman . I needed to sand down an old door and started with # 50 belts thinking I would go over it again with # ` 120 later.I went thru the first belt -LRB- a # 80 I think -RRB- that came with the sander in about 20 minutes -LRB- It broke at the splice -RRB- . The first # 50 lasted thru the rest of the job . It did start to unravel a bit -LRB- strings of belt coming off the edge -RRB- but to be fair I was sanding the heads off tiny nails I found out later.I put on a new # 50 belt and finished the job with a quick going over and quit while I was ahead.The sander itself stayed cool at the handles and the auto track seems to work flawlessly.It paid for itself with this job so I ca n't quibble about anything . Now I have to find a box to store it in .
 WORKS LIKE IT IS ADVERTISED WOULD PURCHASE THIS EXACT ITEM AGAIN IF NEEDED PRELIMINARY SANDING PROJECT WAS SUCCESSFUL AND HOPE TO FINISH WHEN WEATHER IMPROVES
 I only use a belt sander for special projects , so I did n't want to spend a great deal of money on one.This one fit the bill perfectly . It 's a little heavier than I expected and it 's not suitable for people with weak arm muscles - like my wife . But it really gets the job done and gets into corners much better than expected .
 I just replaced an old door in my kitchen to the laundry room from my 1950 home and replaced it with oak saloon swinging doors . I had to make the opening smaller in the jamb area from 31.5 '' to 30 '' by adding two 3/4 '' oak boards all along the trim molding . This was needed to fit the 30 '' form fitting saloon doors . Well , I installed the saloon doors after that and because the jambs are not perfectly plumb , the bottom of the saloon doors hit . In order to fix that problem , I had to sand off an 1/8 '' from each door and blend it in to the top of each door . I took two straight pieces of 3/4 '' x 2 '' oak boards and clamped them on each side the doors with one of the ends 1/8 '' lower than the edge of the doors . I took my skill belt sander and commenced sanding from the high spot to the top of the door . Well , that Skill belt sander did a great job . I used the 40 grit sanding belt for about 1/2 hour per door . No problems . I emptied the plastic container about 2 times per door . I then hung the doors again and the gap from the top to the bottom is the same . I 'm very happy with the results .
 After reading the instruction manual and understanding the functionality of this product before firing it up to use it , I feel I made a great purchase for the price . Sure it 's loud , but if you want power to grind away material that is what you get . How does this thing eat belts , I do n't understand . The belts stay perfectly aligned . I used it for a solid hour -LRB- with about 5 second breaks after a couple minutes running -RRB- on some lumber to smooth for painting . I used the Gator belts from Lowes and had absolutely no problems . I used two different belts . This things does n't eat the belts , the belts are the problem . And yea , it 's going to kick up dust . Look at how the belt rolls , the dust kicks out the back , with a lot of the fine stuff being picked up as it rolls along with the belt . Unless you buy a sander with a dust collect in the rear -LRB- which by design is n't practical -RRB- you are going to get dust . No disappointments here !
 I was impressed by how fast I recieved the sander , the service was great and very easy .
 I purchased this sander for a few projects I needed to do around the house . I looked at the Makita and Dewalt but did n't want to spend that much money . I took a chance on the Skill despite the other reviewers bad experience and I 'm glad I did . I have n't had any belt shredding problems and this sander really gives a good bang for the buck . It was powerful enough to the job on PT wood . I could n't be happier , I spent less than $ 40 here at Amazon .
 I bought this sander to level off and remove filler putty from a new hardwood floor . It worked great with the 80 grit belt that was included with the sander . When that was worn out -LRB- the joint where the belt is joined separated -RRB- I went down to Lowes and got a 5 pack of 80 grit Gator brand belts . They are completely useless ! I went though all five in less square footage than the original . The issue is the backing is extremely thin and the joint starts to separate almost immediately . If you were doing intermittent sanding they might work but with continuous duty cycle the heat unglues the joint and you shred belts even if you take the time to constantly monitor and adjust the tracking screw . I set off to find some quality belts and discovered a problem . 3x18 belts are not common . The local Dunn hardware store that caters to the construction industry had 3M belts but only for 3x21 and larger . Fred Meyer -LRB- where I bought the sander for $ 40 on sale -RRB- had 3M belts but only in 50 grit -LRB- which would have worked for the first pass been and considerably less work -RRB- . Sears to the rescue ! They had Craftsman 3x18 belts in both 80 and 120 grits . These belts work as well as the Skill original -LRB- might even be the same manufacturer -RRB- . No 180 grit in stock locally . I found 180 and 220 online but do n't know about the quality.Bottom line I think this is a great little sander for the home owner and might even have a place in the tool chest for the professional . No problem running 100 % duty cycle and it 's light weight and smaller belt size make it easier to get into tight places and a lot easier on the muscles when working in contorted positions -LRB- I 'm working in an attic -RRB- . On the down side the automatic dust collection system is n't the greatest . I do n't know if any belt sander can really do an effective job ; I 've never seen one ! What it did pick up was the really fine dust ; I guess that 's why the call it `` micro dust collection '' and not sawdust collection . It does make breathing easier . Following the sander with an attachment on the hose of our Shop-Vac worked pretty well since the sander with it 's lock on button is easy to use with just one hand . It 's light and well balanced.About the dust collection . On a hardwood floor I was able to do about 150 sq ft before the collector was full . However , it probably would do a much better job of collection if I cleaned it more often because the filter gets clogged and it loses efficiency . It 's really easy to clean . Just lift the top off without removing from the tool and vacuum it clean . The instructions say `` for ultimate dust collection '' attach directly to a wet/dry shop vac with the included adapter . But it does n't fit any standard size shop vac ??? I made an adapter to fit 1-1/4 '' hose with a spare tapered extension by cutting it down to about 6 '' in length . If you do n't want an extention you can wrap the end with duct tape until it fits . Skill should have made this fit standard 1-1/4 '' and included an adapter for 2-1/2 '' hose.Right from the start the lock-on button seemed a bit hard to use . After sanding about 400 sq ft of floor it quit working all together ! I thought I 'd have to return it but vacuuming out the top of fixed the problem . Skil should have done a better job designing this and made it dust proof . After discovering this issue and the adapter problem I downgraded to four stars rather than the five I awarded on initial impressions .
 I had been using a 1/4 sheet palm sander on a finger joint box for my girlfriend . It would take forever to get through any material so I decided it was time to pick up a new sander . I was on the fence about getting either a random orbital rotary sander or a belt sander . I first looked at the porter cable random orbital that came with a case but decided I needed a bit more heavy duty sander for going through a lot of material . I saw the skil and the quality seemed pretty damn good for only $ 49 -LRB- the porter cable random orbital I was going to get was $ 79 -RRB- . Anyway , the ergonomics are great and it has a heavy duty housing and handle . The sander worked flawlessly going through a lot of material . I have used it numerous times after that project too . I bought gator belts for it so maybe those are of higher quality than what others have purchased . I have n't shredded one belt yet so I am extremely happy with this machine .
 All in all a good sander . Got it to sand a floor we are refinishing . Plenty of power for me . People were saying that they had problems with the sander shredding belts . With this sander I also purchased Bosch sanding belts from Amazon . When I used the Bosch belts I had not problems with shredding . I ran out of belts so I bought some cheap belts from the local home improvement store . That was a mistake . The cheap belts worked for awhile then every one I used so far has shredded . Going to order more of the Bosch belts from Amazon . Those work well . Only other thing is that the sanding dust catcher fills up fast so it needs to be emptied frequently but it 's easy to do .
 I have purchased Sioux Tools products for many years for employees at my place of employment . The quality and perfomance of the products has been excellent . This tool was purchased by me for use at home . It looks and operates like the fine tools I have been accustomed to from Sioux Tools .
 Overall impression
 My only complaint would be that the &#34; mica &#34; is not real mica . However , it 's a nice looking lamp . Super well packed when it arrived .
 This is a beautifully-made , all-metal lamp . Easy to assemble , well-packaged , great switchgear for each of the two lamp sockets . Casts a soft , warm , glowing light . Elegantly simple design , same height as other brand floor lamps which is perfect for chairside reading or for room ambiance . Highly recommended .
 When you need one this tool is great to replace seats , thought I have one but misplace it . This item works great for me .
 Great set of bags . Holds all of my tools with ease and nothing falls out . The design and construction was well thought out . It is an expensive set , but you 'll end up paying more in the long run by purchasing cheaper bags . Occidental is the best in the business !
 Not especially high end , but just right for what I wanted . Lower profile . Easy assembly . Need to have a colored bulb to avoid too white a light and get a softer look .
 I spent a while looking around the web for a paper-style lamp at a reasonable price point and that was not too tall but not too short . This was the perfect fit . The paper panels are not amazingly sturdy , so I would n't recommend this to someone that has kids that run around a lot or tremendously active pets . But it has held up well over the last few months , and I enjoy it 's unique appearance . It was also very easy to assemble.The primary cons of this lamp are that it only has one bulb and it is not a great source of regular-use lighting . This is more of a mood light lamp ; I use it when I 'm watching a movie and have the rest of the lights in the room turned off , or when I have company over in the evening . It 's great for both tasks . But for regular , daily use , it does n't provide enough light by itself - not even close . The lamp also looks like it might not fair too well if it took a good hit from something , like if someone fell on it at a party -LRB- what kind of parties do * you * throw ?? -RRB- . But I have n't tested that theory , and it 's held up very well to regular wear and tear.Pros : - looks great - decent price point for the quality - four star quality - easy assemblyCons : - not very much light - not tremendously sturdy -LRB- but what else would you expect from a paper and wood lamp ? -RRB-
 This item is exactly what we were looking for to go above our garage . It was also cheaper & faster to receive than Home Depot & Lowe 's here locally .
 On vacation I get a call from my GC Budget Right Kitchens asking where the fixtures are ? I have n't bought them yet . Why ? We do n't even have walls for them to go on ? I 'm told the faucet comes with a mixing valve for behind the wall . I shop under pressure & make decorating decisions long before anticipated . I chose this one because I like the style & value.Weeks later after the tile is up & trim installed , a Home Depot Price Pf fixture is dripping . The plumber does n't carry PPf 's parts . He says he carries Kohler parts on his truck including mixing valves . Even though I told my GC from the beginning that I wanted top quality brands such as Kohler , Moen or PPf & the plumber had Kohler parts , I had to shop for fixtures & make decorating decisions while on vacation . You can buy the trim kits separately ! You just have to stick with the same brand . I 'm sure I could have found a Kohler trim kit I liked just as well as the PPf one.Apparently , Kohler , Moen & PPf fixtures at HD are not the same quality as showrooms . This Amazon one was excellent quality , wonderful style & contained the mixing valve & trim kit together . In the end a Realtor fixed the drip .
 Exactly what i wanted for fine delicate work . The base is pretty solid cast metal and the vises are a hard sturdy plastic . A must have if your working with circuit boards or watch repair and some jewelry , I highly recommend this product if your a hobbyist or a tinker . -LRB- Note
 This is a great little vise for soldering smaller boards . I just wish it could take more heat . I made a cute little burn divot on my first use .
 I absolutely love this vise !!! It is durable , strong , and extremely well made !! I was worried about the grips being made of plastic since I primarily use this vise for soldering , but I was very happy to see that they did not melt or warp due to my soldering iron . They are still in perfect shape even after direct contact with the soldering iron . The base is fairly heavy as well ... I was hoping it would be a little heavier but honestly its not a deal breaker ... especially for the price !!!
 I 've bought kits like theMintyBoost 3.0 Kitand this little guy is indispensable . I was using theHelping Hand with Magnifying Glassto hold my kit at first but I was uncomfortable with the toothy alligator clips and the fact that they were metal . This holds small circuit boards very steady with safe plastic clamps which do n't conduct electricity or clamp teeth on the board.I was able to use a gift card to bring this down to 10 dollars , but I do n't know if I would have bought it other than that ... It seems really expensive for what you 're actually getting . It 's helpful but there 's no way it costs anything near 20 dollars to make this device.The other drawback I had with it is that you ca n't really swap boards in and out . You have to twist the little lever for a minute or so to readjust when you put new things in . Maybe this is true for all vices , I do n't know , but it was a little time consuming .
 I havent gotten to use my new vise as much as I expected yet but that 's my fault . The vise I have is used for holding my models while I assemble them . It gives me that third hand that someone forgot while we were being formed . I 'm sure it 's just an over sight that will be addressed later in our evolution ! The product in question has very delicate tightening mechanisum that can hold fragile items firmly without the danger of crushing them i. e. small parts . A little practice and you 'll be a champ at putting things together in a jiffy . The jaws can be padded for extra care if needed . That 's about it bye for now GZ .
 I have used this product for 5 + years and owned my own for 2 + and have not had any problems with it . It works great for holding anything from XLR 's to 1/4 '' jacks to circuit boards that I 'm drilling/soldering . It clamps fine , even after years of use and is adjustable to almost any angle . If you are soldering on it , you want to be careful not to touch the iron directly to the jaws for too long since they are a type of plastic , but it has no problem holding 1/4 '' jacks that are 200 + degF . I would recommend this for anyone doing work on cables or small circuit boards .
 I bought this primarily to hold audio connecters as I solder to them , and it is absolutely ideal for that task . I have n't found a connector that it wo n't hold firmly , and the heat from the soldering iron does n't seem to bother the jaws at all . The plastic jaws do n't mar the connector surfaces . The vise opens and closes easily and quickly , and can be adjusted to any angle you need.I mounted this vise on a plastic cutting board that I bought in the kitchen department of a hardware store . Not only does that give a stable base for the vise , but it also gave me a non-stick surface onto which I could splash my solder . I put rubber feet on the bottom of the cutting board , and I can also clamp it to any handy rail or shelf if I do n't have a flat surface nearby.I use this in combination with a soldering workstation that has alligator clips . I use the vise to hold the connector and the clips to hold the wire , leaving my hands free for the iron and the solder . Works like a champ !
 If you are seeking an exceptional device for holding small items for observation or repair , the Panavise Jr. is simply ideal.This vise is small , easy to adjust or rotate and the precise non-marring jaws make it a perfect solution for many situations.Although the unit may be bench mounted , I used a small piece of of plywood and installed some rubber feet on the plywood . The unit becomes mobile if needed by attaching to a plywood base.It is an excellent product and performs and indicated . I have used the vise to hold some really small and delicate items without and hesitation .
 I use this vise primarily for soldering PCBs and other electronic items for which it is perfect . Recommended buy .
 this is the best clamp i have found for soldering connectors -LRB- such as XLR , RCA , DB9 , etc -RRB- . I also have the magnetic base and recomend it . In 10 years I have broken two of them by dropping them off a ladder . the pot metal between the ball joint and the clamps breaks . Its still the best option so I always buy another one . I feel that it is slightly overpriced .
 It has a nice design , great base for balance and a nice range of clamping . Depending on the intensity of usage , the tilting fnction might get loose and/or the clamping knob tends to break -LRB- which , of course , renders the vise competely useless -RRB- . The company does not respond to emails regarding the warranty and I never tried to return the broken one for a free replacement -LRB- since I registered the product via the website and never got any response from them -RRB- . Otherwise , probably the best mini vise in the market because of its sturdy base and relatively low price .
 I have recently become reacquainted with DIY electronics , one of my boyhood hobbies . But I have a small desk at home , dominated by a laptop computer , a stack of books , and the flotsam and jetsam of a busy job and family . The Panavise Junior is great for me ; I can clamp a small circuit board in its jaws and use it without bolting it down - the flared base is just wide and heavy enough to stay put - then put the whole shooting match aside when my attention must turn elsewhere . The v-shaped grooves on the jaws make it easy to clamp round stock or hold a board by its edges , and I can easily flip a board for soldering by operating the universal joint at the top of the base , something I could n't do with my previous set of Helping Hands . The Panavise Junior is perfect for the job .
 This clamp has made my life so much easier . Before , I had to tape things down to my table with scotch tape if I wanted to solder them . And there were some items that this was impossible for . Pretty much necessary for any hobbyist.My only quib is that the plastic in the jaws deforms slightly from the heat of my soldering iron -LRB- set to 700 F -RRB- . If you 're careful , this wo n't be a problem though .
 This vise is great for those times when you wish you had 3 hands . I use it for holding circuit boards I 'm working on . It can twist around to practically any orientation . I would n't use it to hold anything I plan on applying lots of force to , like something I wanted to cut with a hand saw , but then again , that 's not what it 's meant for either.It does what it does quite well , and for a low price .
 This is a great little vice . Perfect for soldering small PCBs or perfboard projects . I have n't attached the base to anything solid yet , but would advise the user to do so as the base is quite light and I found myself having to wedge it against something more solid in order to accurately solder components .
 When I 'm doing my projects -LRB- particularly electronics -RRB- , this product is very useful and I represented as a third hand that is there to support me .
 This clamp is good for smaller circuit boards , and also to use as a third hand.CON made of plastic so I made metal slip on cover for the tips .
 I 've used PanaVises many times in the past , the larger , more expensive , ones . Now that I 'm retired , but still a hobbyist , I needed some way to work on PWBs . This `` Junior '' PanaVise seemed liked a cost-effective product . But , I found that the very first board that I wanted to work on was just a little too large . The base is super nice and heavy . You can bolt it to another work surface if you want . The clamps are just `` tuff-stuff '' buy okay . So , I proceeded to re-engineer it . The threaded rods are just `` standard '' sizes and you can purchase 3 foot lengths at the big box hardware stores . If you keep trying to open the vise larger , the end cap easily pops off . Then , you need to remove the threaded rod attached to the knob . It is epoxied on but if you grab the rod with a pair of pliers , you can twist the knob counterclockwise until it comes off . And it comes off `` cleanly '' . So then , you replace the three rods with longer versions . You can `` double-nut '' or epoxy the replacement rods in place . I have expanded the range to about 12 '' which accommodates circuit cards from my 30 year old computer . In summary , this product is a good value but the range , as delivered , seems way too limited . I would only guess that the company wants to capture any low end buyers it can but also encourage some users to move up to larger and more expensive versions .
 Works well , but base could be a bit heavier . It has screw mounts though so you can mount it down , but as a portable/sharable mount has limited use because of the base . I suppose we could mount it to something heavier though as a custom mod and still retain portability .
 This vice was smaller than it appeared in the product images -LRB- makes sense that it is $ 25 -RRB- . But it does the job and is a great addition to the hobbyist 's desk .
 Purchased for holding small PCBs for soldering . Works really good for my needs . I will be purchasing more products made by PanaVise in the future .
 I `` tinker '' with misc audio projects , mostly guitar effect devices . I use this device to hold the circuit boards as I solder the components . I 've hit it a few times with the iron & although it 's arms are plastic it does n't have any burn marks on it ! Holds the boards sturdily . The base is heavy enough to keep it from tipping over while soldering !
 had mine for about a dozen years now , when I first got it I drilled , and tapped threads in 3 holes in a 5 lb olympic weight plate I had laying around , bolted it on , cut a round piece of rubber and glued it to the bottom to give it some weight and so it would n't slide.Works great for any solder project . 4 not 5 stars as it seems just a tad overpriced for what it is considering I had to supply a base myself just to make it usable . Still Panavise is the industry standard .
 The grooves in the jaws of this vise make it perfect for holding small circuitboards for soldering . It also works decently for larger boards by clamping them parallel to the jaws .
 This a fabulous little vise that going to get a lot of use in our craft and hobby room . Heart warming to know that some innovative and quality made products can still be produced here is the U.S.A.
 I was torn between this model and the next step up model 301 which I use at work . I 'm glad I went with this model . I use it to hold the connectors for soldering while I build and/or repair cables . Yes the hands are plastic but they are still rock solid . I do n't agree with the reviewer who said it is flimsy . Its not . Its smaller and in my opinion actually better than the 301 for actually holding the connectors . There are indentations of sorts that really grab the connector better . If all you need this is for soldering , then I 'd recommend this over the 301 but you ca n't go wrong either way . I 'm very happy with this solid vise especially for the price .
 I bought this guy for soldering connectors on cables and it 's worked great so far . I can see the knurled plastic ball in the universal clamp possibly stripping out if you 're not careful when adjusting , but like I said it works great especially for the price .
 Length :
 The Panavise Junior is a funny blend of heavy metal base with a plastic vise . The vise jaws are not very rigid , though for holding circuit boards and wires for soldering they do the job OK . The ball joint is a bit annoying as it 's hard to lock it down tight enought , and I would prefer a real ball joint that is not restricted to a single axis . I 'm leery of reefing down on plastic parts because they like to break . I 've had mine a few months and it 's holding up all right , and it appears to be metal-reinforced where it counts .
 If you 're working on items that generally fit in a hand
 Before I purchased this PV Jr. . I read a review complaining about it being plastic . Obviously , this is a tool for smaller projects , but I am extremely impressed with the build quality of this device . It is compact but has good weight - you would n't even need to bolt it down for many projects . I think the base is cast aluminum but feels heavier than I would expect aluminum . The vice grips are made of plastic but this is a very rigid and durable plastic - there is absolutely no play in them , no flimsiness . The metal adjusting rod runs through two metal collars - so no metal threading on plastic . Very nice . Glad I purchased .
 I used mine the day it arrived to help build a Ten-Tec Wattmeter kit and later to hold coax cable while I soldered on PL-259 connectors . This is my first mini/hobby vise and as far as I am concerned , it has already paid for itself . The threaded components are not especially heavy duty and probably wo n't hold up under abuse , but should be fine for anyone who takes care of their tools . The base is very nice , just the right weight and I can not imagine having a need to screw the feet to a surface , but as you can see , it has three holes for doing so if need be . If you need a third hand for circuit boards or other light weight holding , spend the money .
 The unit is heavy enough so you do n't need anything else to keep it stable on the table . Without weighing it I 'd guess a good , or close to , pound of metal to keep it stable . The bottom clamp holds the head in place very well.The only complaint that I have that keeps me from giving the item a full 5 stars is the fact that the tops of the clamp does not come together . The upper third or so of the clamp has a gap that increases as it approaches the top which makes holding small items securely impossible , such as holding the flange of a DB-9 connector vertically .
 Great for holding small electronic parts , durable , and easily transportable ! I will purchase the C-clamp for this next and looking to aquire one of the larger models . No regrets !
 For holding PC boards while assembling and soldering , I 've been very pleased . Instead of permanently mounting it somewhere , I simply use it where I 'm doing a project . The metal base is stable and sturdy so there has been no issue . My only caution is a reminder prompted by my own stupidity . I was using the PanaVise to hold a 3D printer hot end while I applied voltage to cure the ceramic head I had just painted , only to realize that the heat was melting the vise itself . No major damage but it serves as a reminder that if you 're working with heat , this grip has a low melting temperature .
 This tool is in my micro shop along with my DremelDremel 220-01 Rotary Tool Work Station . The vise has turned out to be quite useful from holding circuit boards to acting as a third hand . I modified the vise by adding large shrink tube over the ends of the vise grips . It helps to add a bit of sticky grip and prevents damage to the plastic holding surfaces .
 Great for holding things when you 're working on them . Mount it to a thin bit of board for easy use .
 Anyone who has ever soldered knows you need a third hand . This is an effective and affordable solution to the problem of trying to solder simple electronics projects . The clamp will hold PC boards , breakout boards , or individual components , freeing up one hand for the solder and one hand for the soldering iron.What I like about this little device is that the base is heavy enough that for my applications , the vice works without being screwed down to the table . When I need to solder something , I just get it out , put it on the bench , and then put it away when I am done . In addition , it can be screwed down to the bench if you want a more secure platform , and need to use it a lot.Effective and affordable makes it five stars !
 I own a few Panavise 's and received my PanaVise Jr. free from Panavise after winning a contest . I love the jr. . I mostly use it for small PCB 's and electronic projects . The add-on plastic wheel thing kicks butt too . It 's a must haver or all engineers , techs , and Hobby .
 Bought this for my son who is building a ham radio . Arrived quickly . My son was very pleased with this item .
 Use this for soldering circuit boards and such , the quality was evident as soon as I opened the box . This will last you for decades as it is made in the USA just like all of PanaVise 's products .
 When I got this vise , I screwed it down to a scrap piece of wood to give a more stable base . Now it is the perfect vise for holding miniatures , models , and circuit boards .
 For years I have seen the PanaVise Model 301 vise in stores and never purchased one . I never liked the design of the 301 head for what I need a small vise for . Then I discovered that Amazon carried all the PanaVise models and accessories . I liked the look and design of the Model 201 PV Jr. . At first I was skeptical about the plastic jaws thinking they would be cheap even though the specs said thermal plastic . And the rest of the black parts on the head assembly would be plastic also . Well the only plastic parts on this vise are the jaws and adjustment knob , and they appear to be of the same high quality thermal plastic nylon . It has a very fine thread to open and close the jaws -LRB- which is what I wanted -RRB- . It just takes a while to go from full open to full close . Do n't worry PanaVise makes a speed control handle -LRB- Model 239 and on Amazon for less than $ 3.50 -RRB- that will speed this up using all your fingers like on a door knob or just a single index finger in the hole and spin . It 's made of the same high quality thermal plastic and snaps on firmly with no tools . For the model railroader -LRB- like myself -RRB- , PCB builder and other delicate craft and hobby users you will love this vise . I do . If you want to add an additional base to this vise then I would suggest the PanaVise Model 308 cast iron base -LRB- also on Amazon -RRB- . It weighs in at 5 lbs and makes this vise rock solid . For delicate work get the Model 204 neoprene jaw pads . You will not be dissapointed with this vise .
 Very good service on attractive light . It is n't as large -LRB- diameter -RRB- as I had hoped so does n't have the impact of the one I replaced , but its OK .
 I have two of the 12 `` X12 '' panels lining my socket drawer on my toolcart , it holds everything in place . You will get a stronger magnet if you remove the drawer liner or if the metal where your placing the magnet is thicker . Cheaper than when I first got it about 7 years ago but I paid $ 50 for each 12 `` X12 '' , now your getting the 6 `` X12 '' for free .
 There have been a few folding saws in the garden shed , but this is the best by far . The slightly acute blade to handle angle is perfect and the folding lock works well . Not sure how this will hold up , but for the price it works well and looks like it was a real good choice .
 Great looking saw . Ca n't wait to try it out . My only complaint is that mine came in blaze orange and not green . I do n't feel like going through the hassle of exchanging it so I 'm keeping it . Apparently the folks at Amazon are color blind .
 I love the lamp ! Just moved into a new house and am decorating the TV room in OSU ! Go Pokes !!!!
 I own 2 of the Paslode finish nailers , a straight and an angled nailer . Both have worked extremely well and are extremely reliable and consistant . It is lightweight enough to use overhead without difficulty , as I did nailing crown-molding , and powerful enough to drive into solid oak when woodworking.I did have some difficulty with the Paslode brand finish nails in that they are fairly soft and can deflect off dense surfaces like OSB . I ran into this problem when installing an oak hardwood floor , as when you run out of room for the floor stapler up against a wall you have to use finish nails . The nails would sometimes go through the oak tongue , bounce off the floor and back up through the face of the oak . Decreasing the angle of penetration was enough to cure this .
 This is an excellent product which has already made my life easier -LRB- putting up siding -RRB- ; it makes project assembly far faster , more accurate and most importantly more fun . The technology is significant and futuristic in that such a small fuel container can fire so many nails with such force . One should be aware that the device is loud and emits exhaust from the spent fuel with every shot - which is to be expected and has to be taken into consideration with indoor use -LRB- need good ventilation -RRB- . But its performance outweighs all this in my view , along with amazing portability even compared with the CO2 driven devices .
 I do n't own one of these but I 've had several occasions to rent one and use it for finishing up the trim in my house after putting down new flooring . I have no complaints and only glowing recommendations for this tool.I hate power tools I have to plug in and this tool was so convenient because it had no cord and is n't pneumatic . Many people complain that you have to purchase additional gas cannisters for the Paslode nailers but I think that 's a minor inconvenience because it drives the nails to the right depth all the time and I never encountered one jam all the times I 've used it.I plan on purchasing one used when the price comes down a bit . I may get lucky or hopefully they 'll come out with a newer model and the old ones will be discounted . If they do , I 'll snatch one up because I can find many uses for it .
 THIS NAILER IS FANTASTIC ! JUST CHARGE UP YOUR BATTERY -LRB- TAKES ABOUT 2 HOURS FOR FULL CHARGE -RRB- AND PLUG IN A FUEL CELL AND SOME 16 GA NAILS AND YOUR GOOD TO GO . BATTERY WILL LAST FOR 4000 NAILS AND FUEL CELL LASTS FOR ABOUT 1200 NAILS . COMES WITH NICE CASE AND BATTERY CHARGER , BUT YOU HAVE TO BUY YOUR FUELS CELLS AND NAILS SEPARATELY . WHOEVER DESIGNED THIS TOOL IS A GENIUS . THE DEWALT NAILER WITH 18 VOLT BATTERY WEIGHS JUST OVER 8 LB. , BUT THIS PASLODE WITH A 6 VOLT BATTERY AND FUEL CELL WEIGHS JUST OVER 4 LBS . GET ONE AND YOU 'LL BE LOOKING FOR THINGS TO NAIL !!
 Nothing but impressed with this nailer . Have not had any problems with this unit at all , having shot many 2 inch nails . The air compressor gets to rest finally , thank goodness . No more lugging it up stairs or in the truck either . The exhaust smell reminds me of firecrackers of bygone years but is not a problem . It should be noted that I also bought the 18 guage after shooting the 16 guage for a few months . It 's more convenient and quicker not having to lug the compressor and hose around . No problems sinking nails , just push the tip all the way down on the surface to be nailed .
 I love the Paslode cordless products . I 've been using a cordless framer for over a year with no problems . I used the finish nailer years ago working as a finish carpenter , and loved it then . Now that I 'm on my own working as a Cabinetmaker , I love not having a compressor and hose to deal with ... just grab and go -- in the shop or in the field . Get yourself one of these !
 This nailer works just great . Tried 3 different size nails and works like a charm . It is light and compact so fairly good in tight places . It is very nice to work with .
 I like everything about this product , it 's the second one of these nail guns I 've owned . My only complaint is that the depht guage adjustment wheel is a bit stiff to operate .
 . My husband uses this item and said the following about it : `` This is truly the very best cordless nail gun on the market today . It 's perfect for either the professional carpenter or for the weekend DIY woodworking enthusiast . It weighs under 5 pounds when fully loaded with the battery , fuel cell , and the nails . It is easy to operate and it is rare that it jams , and if it does , it clears easily . I highly recommend this item and now that I 've found the Paslode line , I know I 'll be picking up a few more to add to my arsenal . ''
 This nailer is easy to maintain and operate.It saves so much time working on projects that would be near impossible to do with a hammer . I 've used this to install complex wall and ceiling trim , wainscoting and just general use . Excellent product .
 WE HAVE 25 NAIL GUNS , ALL ARE PASLODE . I THINK THAT COVERS EVERYTHING YOU WOULD NEED TO KNOW .
 I purchased this nailer 2 months ago for my husband 's birthday . He is in the process of completely remodeling an older home for our daughter . I bought this model because we liked the Paslode framing nailer . This has proved to be every bit as good as the framing nailer . It 's light weight and we do n't have to bother with pulling a hose throughout the house . It has definately been a great time saver .
 I 've read several reviews about potential repair issues . Although I 've yet to put it through its serious paces , from what seen so far , this nailer performs better than most of my other brand name air nailers . I hope my Paslode Nailer proves the other sighted cases as anomalies , rather than the rule . So far , so good !
 Received the product promptly and it arrived in excellent condition . This nailer is the best purchase I have made for my husband in a long time and will be purchasing the larger nailer this summer . It made nailing a matched board ceiling quite easy and the job was done in about 4 hours .
 This is the first nail gun I have ever owned . I bought it to put up some tongue and groove 1x6 's in an addition to our house . The gun works flawlessly and saves a lot of time . I much prefer the cordless to having to be connected to an air hose and worse yet having to listen to the air compressor while I work .
 I purchased this tool to put up trim in a few rooms in my home . I thought it would be quiet enough to use while my 2 year old slept upstairs - my compressor and pneumatic finish nailer can wake the dead ! I was wrong ... this is n't a quiet tool though . Poised to return the tool , I decided , however , to give it a try . It is absolutely amazing and there is NO way it 's going back - I am cord free . I 've used it on over 500 linear feet of molding and it misfired only once . I have n't changed the fuel cell either . This nailer mars wood significantly less than the my Porter Cable pneumatic nailer . However , the depth adjustment `` wheel '' is very difficult to turn for some reason and does n't appear to make any noticeable depth change for the nail . I assume this is probably just an issue with the one that I got but it really is n't an issue for me . The case for this tool is fantastic and has plenty of room to hold many extra fuel cells , batteries , and nails . The odor from the machine was n't as bad as I had anticipated after reading several reviews which noted it . Expensive , but worth it !
 This is my third Paslode nail gun . This finish nailer compliments my framing nailer and brad nailer . I have not come across a job that I have worked on that they wer n't an invaluable asset.Easy to use , easy to load , easy to be happy with them .
 My Paslode operated perfectly right out of the box . The instructions are clear and simple . I am especially pleased with its light weight and ease of operation . After using it only a few weeks , I would n't be without it . It is now helping me make a cherry armoir .
 Got what I wanted with the best price available around , good stuff cheers.Paslode gas gun , did come with only battery though , but still way cheaper .
 This product arrived in a timely manner , was intact and undamaged and added to the look of the bathroom where it was used to replace and older faucet . I did not install it , but the plumber installed it quickly and commented on the good quality . I would but this product again .
 I bought 4 of these for a new house we built , the quality was great the chrome finish is amazing , we also bought the white handles separate and they are a nice touch to the look .
 I got these after a buddy of mine got a pair and I was still using the hard plastic cap ones and my knees still hurt ... I finally broke down and bought a pair a lot more than they are there but i wanted to leave a review on these . . they are great I use them all the time I work on safes drilling and always on the floor I use the pads usually with out the hard cap on I just unsnap them and use them on the concert or whatever the place im at has . . I have also used the snap on harder caps for kneling on the road hard tar while working on car doors or crawling around the blacktop working . . these have been great and my knees dont hurt . . I sometimes have a hard time getting them on not to tight . . I overtighten then sometimes and when I kneel it is to tight behind my knee but then I re adjust them while im kneling but thats me operator error . . the are the best knee pads ive ever used . I would recommend them and im glad my buddy got them as an exmas gift from his sister or id never have found them or gotten them .
 Having tried going the cheap route I opted to try going a bit more expensive . Believe me I do what I can to save money whenever and wherever I can . I am a treasure hunter on Saturdays and as with most that are getting a bit more mature having seen a few more New Years parties than I care to admit ; need a bit of padding for my knees . Getting down is lots of fun unless you end up having a sharp rock or stick jab you in the knee cap . One of the nicest things about the Tommyco ATC707 is the soft padding that it provides . I still have issues with the pads sliding down my leg but it still does not do so as much as some of the other models that I have tried . These pads do not seem to slide around my knee as much as the cheaper ones do . The velcro straps seem to hold nicer and more secure than the cheap models . I have tried to snug these down a bit more than I have on some of the other brands but as a plus these do not seem to bind behind the knees . I hope that you will give these a try and see what I mean , comfort without pain.Dave
 There are lots of knee pads for lots of reasons , but this is the best `` general purpose '' knee pad on the market ! These are durable , and yet have the softer knee comfort for kneeling in rocky soil as I dig for buried treasure . This is not for the super heavy industrial work knee pad , but they are made for the average user without too much loss of comfort yet combined with durablity . I highly recommend them for the general purpose user and that includes weekend prospecting , etc. . The best knee pad for the money !
 Very good service on attractive light . It is n't as large -LRB- diameter -RRB- as I had hoped so does n't have the impact of the one I replaced , but its OK .
 This firm has been making very high quality for a long time . First class construction . These go for a lot more in lighting stores . They are heads and tails above most others .
 This faucet has been installed in our house for 14 years with no problems . We broke one handle off by accident and replaced it from amazon . Great price compared with local supplier .
 I have owned 4 Moen T4570CP for over ten years . The faucets have held up amazingly over the years . I have n't had any problems and I have Very hard water . This is a GREAT faucet.As far as warranty , I have a kitchen faucet from Moen and the head broke off . After calling Moen , a new faucet head was sent the next day with NO QUESTIONS asked . Great Moen Warranty . Great customer service . Thank you Moen .
 This was a replacement for this same model installed in the home when constructed in 1994 . Because I am the second owner I was told the lifetime guarantee did not apply . In seventeen years the fixture handles had become so difficult to open due to mineral deposits that replacement was required . The two new fixtures work perfectly and I hope will last for a similar 15-16 years .
 i needed replacement faucets and this was the best price . was in great condition and works perfectly . thanks amazon . i saved a lot of money as well .
 An excellent bathroom sink faucet . Nice looking , very easy to install , and Moen will stand behind its products with just a simple phone call.Moen T4570 Monticello Chrome Two-Handle Low Arc Bathroom Faucet -LRB- Not CA / VT Compliant -RRB- -LRB- Valve Not Included -RRB-
 the zapper worked great , before i received this we were getting eaten alive whenever we were outside by mosquitoes , after starting this up we were able to be outside without being bitten , probably a bit overkill for my half acre yard , but figured with a few empty fields around a little extra would be good and it worked perfect .
 this product is the best had one before and needed a new one . zaps more bugs than any other zapper available .
 I dont know why all these web sites are sayin `` bug zappers dont kill mosquitos '' ... my wife kept telling me her parents had one that worked well . I just bought one and in 30-60 minutes I had killed 200 bugs , about 45 % asian mosquitos , 45 % black -LRB- local -RRB- mosquitos , and 10 % other bugs . After the first hour I 'm impressed and do n't understand why people say these dont attract them . Next im going to try the octenol and then the lurex to see if it helps , even though it did fine without either . I 'm in east texas where we have both types of mosquitos . One word of knowledge , the mosquitos do stop flying when the temperature drops to 60 degrees . GET ONE !
 I purchased two units on amazon.com , one worked very well and after one week most of the problem insects were killed.The only problem was that the grid got so cloged I had to clean the dead bugs off , The other unit only worked a few hours . I emailed the Co. 10 days ago and still have not heard from them . This points up one of the problems with buying online , you just can not take it back to the store .
 The product is great . We posted it 100 feet away from our outdoor dining area and not a single bug interfered during our outdoor meal .
 This thing works . If you change the atractent as recamended and place it 25 ' from your hang out area it works awesome . I also use a yard spray in conjunction with it and a couple of citronella touches . The combination is potent .
 This zapper works wonders ! It gets all the bugs around us so we can actually enjoy our backyard . The neighbors even like when we turn it on . Works for everyone !
 I have these bits to stay sharper much longer than those of other manufacturers particularly those found in the home centers . I also highly recommend Whiteside bits which are as good , or better , and made in North Carolina by a family business .
 This router bit was just what the doctor ordered . The 3/4 depth cut was perfect to ride along my template and cut a 3/8 dado for my router table insert to sit into . I had used a 11/4 inch bit but that made the bearing ride the upper most ridge of my template , which caused the bit to slip and chew up the template . Had to make another template and then used this bit and the result was perfect . No tearout or bad effects in melamine covered fiber board .
 Works when used properly . As a previous reviewer mentioned , you have to hold it on an area and let it calibrate , then move it slowly until a stud is indicated . I usually do it a few times to verify .
 I bought this and I , am fully satisfied . It works wel , it is easy to use and meets my expectations .
 I just bought one of these at a local hardware store . It worked well for me . It was accurate enough to find the stud edges . I scanned a few times to confirm the stud locations and the repeatability was good . I think you have to put it on an area where you do n't have a stud first , then wait for it to calibrate before scanning . I noticed that quite a few of the reviews are older . It is possible that Zircon improved this scanner , or , the problems reported were due to operator error or impatience . Anyway , I would recommend this product to a friend .
 I do n't know why there are only poor reviews for this product . I bought this at a home improvement store and used it for several months before buying one on Amazon for a friend . It works great , just place it on a part of the wall where you think there is no stud , press the button , and slide it slowly . The red light will tell you when you found the stud.Something to keep in mind , it does n't work 100 % of the time . If it gets confused , you are often either on a stud or too close to an electrical wire . Move the device to a different starting point and try again and it will behave itself . I have only used this in houses with modern drywall construction , and I do n't know how it would preform with older houses .
 Had headphones for a couple of weeks . Use in home shop . With all switches off , it is excellent hearing protection.Tight on head , but that 's required . Reception for FM is as good as my other radio , AM a bit more iffy , very directional . I 'm is a valley that does n't help this reception . If you are in strong AM area , would be excellent even my car does n't get really good reception . I DO like the variable external sound I can receive . When my wife or phone may ring , I 'll turn this on and she can yell at me and not scare me like past by sneeking up and tapping my shoulder . If you need to talk to others close by , works well for that Ca n't speak to battery life , about 6 hours on first set of batteries so far.Overall I give it a 5 , nothing else out there similar .
 I bought these mostly for outdoor work so I could listen to the radio , especially when mowing . I also use them inside noisy industrial mechanical rooms.They cut down the lawn mower noise fine and I enjoy listening to the radio . The radio works fine , no problem pulling in my favorite stations , which are within 20 miles over mixed terrain.I was initially concerned about the ` analog ' dial tuner , but it was easier to tune than I thought , since your not looking at a graduated dial or digital display . Large knurled tuner knob was easy to use.In a mechanical room , which is usually inside a metal & block building , the reception is predictably spotty . The higher pitched noise of mechanical equipment is not muffled as well , but adequate.I subtracted one star since you have to buy a proprietary connector cable to connect your music player .
 I bought this headset to wear while putting in time mowing the lawn . The noise reduction is good . The radio is quite directional which makes it less than ideal in use , but I bought it to use the audio input function from my smartphone and I can listen to podcasts or music . I think they should throw in at least one audio cable , or dispense with the special plug requirement that this headset uses . The dual pin audio plug is in no way superior to a regular mini jack , and still requires some tweaking , bending of pins , etc , to make good contact.I 've also used the headset at work and the ` surround aware ' facility of this headset is cool .
 Sound control is excellent as is the quality of the radio . I 'm very satisfied and would highly recommend this headset .
 This a a great upgrade to my original Peltors . They are quite comfortable and the FM works fine . The AM is a little weak but I live out in the sticks so I guess it 's not unusually so . Overall it 's a good bargain .
 The sound and reception was great for about 5 mins . Then a limb knocked it off my head and under the bushhog it went , so I ca n't afford another 100.00 headphone so I 'll do some thing else . BUT it WAS Nice !
 Bought the Peltor Headset with the intention of using them in the Assembly Factory where I work but they did n't work out as I wished . Headset made my ears sweat and It was uncomfortable while working . Do n't get me wrong this is a nice AM/FM Radio Headset that does what it was designed to do , block out noise . I work in a Factory where the noise from machinery is deafening and let me tell you this headset did it 's job of blocking those noises.Just buy them , try them and give them a shot . If they do n't work out Amazon will happily refund you your money . They did with me !
 I work in a high noise area and have always worn hearing protection but , would remove it to talk with co workers . These hearing protectors from peltor are a terrific product.I was looking for hearing protection with a radio and decided to try these.I can let through enough sound to be able to understand my co - workers while not having to remove them . The radio makes time go by quickly , and the sound is much better than expected , the separate volume controls are great.They would be better if the `` surround '' also had a separate on/off button instead of a combined one with the volume control , and the radio was digital , along with slightly bigger ear cups.Overall these are a great product and are doing all the things that I purchased them to do.A little pricey but , well worth the extra money .
 My husband loves to use this while working outside . I love that it has ear protection and he can listen to the game while working . Definatley would recommend it .
 I bought these to listen the radio -LRB- music and football games -RRB- when I am mowing the lawn or working in the yard . I had an old pair of AM/FM headphones from Radio Shack that have great sound but are falling apart . I looked long and hard before buying these . I came to the conclusion that these were the best headphones on the market for my purposes for a reasonable price . After using the for some time , I can honestly say they are good but they could be better . They are well made and they have good sound . The ambient sound mic is a nice addition too . My big complaints are that they are too tight , the ear cushions could be softer , and the dial tuner is very narrow in its reception range . You have to pin point the station you want by moving back and forth until you are right on the frequency . A digital tuner would be better . That said , they work and I am happy with them .
 I work in a noisy factory envirement and these headfones block out the noise beautifully and i can listen to my radio station and not my workmates next bench over . There great
 I purchased these headsets after being familiar with these sound cancelling headsets in the military . I wanted the radio part on them as well . I have been using them in a noisy environment for about a week now and they are working great ! I can all but completly tune out loud noises and yet still hear the tools I 'm using clink together and the radio works quite well , even inside a hangar
 noise blocking excellent , reception good , lack of station indicator drawback too much time is spent finding station . very comfortable to wear . good sound quality .
 Pleased to announce that the radio , external mic , and the aux unput can all be used siamotainously -LRB- I was not sure if that was possible from reading the description -RRB- . This is awesome if your noisy job requires you to monitor a two way radio . These muffs protect your ears while enabling you to hear your surroundings , listen to the radio , and monitor your two way all at the same time . Awesome if you work at an airport !
 I purchased these headphones to wear whilst mowing lawns and they are terrific . They have excellent noise reduction , they are comfortable to wear and have good sound quality on the FM radio .
 I bought these to use with my backpack leaf blower because it 's incredibly loud - these are awesome . They are noise canceling and with the radio on , the blower or the mower are non-obtrusive . They have enough adjustment to wear over a hat . They do get hot in the summer , but the ear protection is worth a little sweat . -LRB- they keep your ears warm in the MN fall too -RRB- My only complaint is that the radio channel knob is EXTREMELY sensitive and there is no easy way to tell what channel it 's on without listening to the station for the info . Not a huge issue as I usually listen to the same station or tune it in prior to starting the job . However , I 'm very happy with the purchase and would do it again .
 I purchased the Peltor M2RX7A Alert AM/FM Radio Headset for my husband and for our son-in-law for Christmas . Both men are delighted with them . The sound reproduction and range of stations were more than either of them expected from earphones at this price . The feature that allows hearing someone speaking to them without removing the earphones was a big plus .
 I bought these headphones to wear while woodworking and cutting the grass . I am happy to say that they do a GREAT job . They have switches on the back of the right headphone that are easy to reach while you are wearing them . The top switch is the noise cancelling/amplification switch and the bottom one is the radio on/volume . The noise cancelling/amplification is amazing . I switched it on and I heard the fountain across the street and birds chirping as if they were right in front of me . Then I picked up a hammer and slammed it down on the workbench and I heard the hammer hit , but it sounded as if I tapped the bench . That is the beauty of these headphones - you can hear everything , but not to a damaging level . You still get the feedback you need from your tools but it is at a level that is pleasant . You can even listen to the radio and still hear everything you need to provided you do n't turn up the radio volume too loud - you should n't need to since you are blocking out the unwanted noise.The following things keep the headphones from reaching 5 stars : The radio tuner is not for the decision making challenged . There is no readout , analog or digital , so you have to listen to the heapdhones and wait for the DJ to say what station you are listening to . Not a big deal , I found a station I like and just leave it there . The station adjustment knob is the large and in the center of the outside of the right headphone - again easy to reach and not so sensitive that you keep skipping your station . The AM/FM toggle is right on the front of the right headphone and easy to reach . The other thing keeping these headphones from 5 stars is the fact a special cable is required to use an MP3 player or other audio device . Peltor is very careful to never show the back side of the left earphone - that is where the goofy connector is located that requires their special cable . There are a couple of websites that sell them - I have seen them for $ 20 - $ 30 , it is an FL6N cable . Maybe there is a good reason for this connector -LRB- 2 way comm standard or something -RRB- but for $ 110 , I want to be able to buy a $ 2.49 3.5 mm stereo cable and be good to go - or better yet INCLUDE IT with the headphones.Overall - great headphones with excellent performance .
 I found this set to be very impressive . The noise blocking is outstanding to say the least . Along with the built in radio sure makes yard work a pleasure while running landscaping equipment a couple hours per week.What I found very impressive is the active surround sound . When turned off , you are completely isolated from all sounds around you . When you turn on the surround sound , you actually hear everything as if you were not wearing this unit and actually louder as it will amplify slightly , but you you have full volume control for that as well.I find the radio to perform very well . I believe those that complained in other reviews around the web were probably in areas with a lot of buildings or structures which would tend to cause that . Out in the open , I never experience static once a station is tuned in.Now If radio commercials drive you mad , then here 's a simple fix . I purchased the audio cable that allows attachment of other audio devices such as a scanner or external mp3 player , etc and I also purchased a Create Labs Stone mp3 player . this is a very tiny mp3 player which holds 2 gig of data . I then took some velcro and attached it to the outside of these ear protectors over the battery cover.Since the player is only 2 inches long and .5 inches wide and weighs just over 1/2 ounce , its not intrusive at all . The cable can then be bundled up and out of the way.I highly recommend this headset . Even if you do n't run power equipment much or work in a noisy environment that long , they are still a pleasure to wear just for the radio -LRB- and mp3 player attached -RRB- Just a side note
 ***** July 5 , 2008 ***** These babies are fantastic . I use them while I 'm working on projects and when I 'm doing yard work . They are comfortable , not too hot , strong , and resistant to rain -LRB- so far -RRB- . The sound quality is excellent , too.Also , the surround microphones cut out when sound is greater than 85 dB -LRB- peaking -RRB- , while the radio stays on.Volume knob for surround microphonesVolume knob for radioTuning knob for radio stationsToggle switch for AM/FM -LRB- this switch is inset , so as not to bump it easily -RRB- ***** December 17 , 2008 ***** I have a few more things to add.Being that each speaker is isolated from the other , the stereo in these is amazing -- a much-intensified listening experience.Also , I will say that these are a little difficult to fit under my Skull Bucket full brim hard had . Luckily , though , I can get a comfortable , tight fit out of my hard had with these ear protectors on underneath of it . I advise using caution at heights , though , as there is a higher potential for the hard had to fall off with these on under it.I 've been using these every so often since the summer , and still have yet to change the batteries !
 I received these for Christmas , and am blown away ! I 've used them while running a chainsaw , string trimmer , and diesel tractor . Simply amazing . Listen to the radio while you can still hear outside noises -LRB- volume controls on both -RRB- , but outside noise shuts down above a certain sound pressure level . Makes working outside with noisy equipment a totally different experience ! I 'm surely going to wear these in the wood shop too . If I 'd had these 40 years ago , I could probably still hear high frequencies ! Very comfortable too . Peltor has hit a home run with this product !
 I was looking at hearing protection and decided on these . I had a pair of the basic am/fm headset last year and by the end of the summer they stopped working . I figured i would step it up a notch and see what crazy thngs were available.I am in landscaping and run power equipment almost all day long . The last pair i had made work more enjoyable , but these are a lot better . They seem to come in better and there is hardly any static between stations . The sound alert is better than i thought it would be . I can hear better with them on ! Its almost weird at first . . The antenna is a little shorter which is better and the maroon color looks better than yellow.My only problem is that they are a little big and there are small microphone heads on each and im not sure how the whole setup will hold up to even light rain . The price was also a slight factor . . If they make working more safe and enjoyable , they are a good envestment !
 This headset works just great . It is comfortable to ware . It blocks the noise of my T190 Bobcat just fine . The radio is nice . If I had to complain it would be the cost of adapter that plugs into my MP3 player , $ 24 . And it was hard to find . But sound quality is good .
 Just what I wanted . Station tuning knob could be much better . Stations very hard to find and keep dialed in . Outside sounds in thru the microphones is just great and sound proofing of outside noise perfect . A great product , considering I could not find anything better . I would have paid up to $ 300.00 for better . Does n't exist though . For what it is intended to do it is very adequate and reasonably priced.I have used the headphones for over a year now . The only complaint I have is the tuner . The stations do n't stay tuned in and are very hard to adjust . This needs to be digital for the money . I am now not so happy with this product .
 This product delivers as stated . Sound attenuation is excellent . Ability to adjust volume to hear important/normal sounds is great . Comfortable for short term use . Only negatives
 I do a lot of woodworking . Sometimes the noise gets bothersome and I was starting to notice a problem with his hearing . I also enjoys listening to the radio while working . The Peltor Alert AM/FM radio headset has solved both problems . The radio headset has elimated a lot of the high pitch noises that bother hearing and still I can listen to the radio . I can still hear outside sounds . -LRB- talking , machine sounds , etc. -RRB- to make wearing them safe . It just helps elimates the bad sounds .
 I 've never bought anything like this before . But it 's pretty neat . The radio works fine and you can find most stations with no problem . The volume for whether you want to hear outside sound is really cool . Seriously . If you turn it off , they work like regular sound blocking ear muffs . But when you turn the volume up , you can hear sound , but at a `` dulled '' volume . I can hear whispers and loud noises at the same volume level . I ca n't say enough good stuff about these .
 So glad I ordered this . Have used them all summer doing outdoor projects . In the 20 + years I 've mowed the lawn on my little tractor & used headphones , this was the first time I could actually hear the music playing . And it was not because I turned the volume way up high . They are truly wonderful .
 I am really impressed by these headphones . I previously had a pair of work tunes , but found them lacking in FM broadcast finding and available volume . I liked the digital radio and the automatic search feature , but returned them due to the fact that the radio was not loud enough . These Peltors are a much different story . They do an incredible job of finding and holding FM radio stations . I returned the Ipod cable -LRB- $ 39 -RRB- mostly because the price was abominable ; but also , because there was more radio music available than I had expected . The noise dampening is fantastic , and the microphones give me the ability to converse with others without removing the headphones . Really worth the extra money .
 The product performs as described , and is a good-value product for exceptional hearing protection ambient sound control . I 'm unclear what adapter cable is required -LRB- they list 3 -RRB- to mate to these headphones for Aux input . Help?Cal
 The headset is very comfortable and I love the fact that I can listen to music.I wished the radio is a little bit better . Not that simple to get the station you like and keep it . In general I turn the outside mics off , but it works well if I need them . Sound suppression is good .
 Very comfortable and effective . 5 stars if it had a 3.5 mm connector instead of the special one for external audio .
 these are worth every penny . best headset ever . top quality , and fit very well . i use these more than i ever thought i would . great sound , light weight , will definitly buy another pair if these ever break .
 I 've been using various forms of noise protection for tractor work , wood shop , and shooting for many years . I was looking for something that would give me noise protection while still allowing me to hear normal sound along with a radio and plug for my MP3 player . This product does the job very well . There are two microphones on the unit that are controlled by a volume knob . I can hear everything at normal levels , but harmful noise is canceled out . The other knob controls the radio . The only complaint I have about the radio is that the station selection knob is analog with no indicator or presets . You just have to turn the knob and listen . But , since you are wearing the headset you ca n't see the indicator anyway . But , presets would be nice . Otherwise , the quality of this unit is solid and I do n't find the weaknesses to be significant given the overall quality .
 I have not used it yet , but the transaction was excellent and I have no doubt that the product is excellent . I actually look forward to using this nice product .
 This is a great product for NASCAR races . Keeps car sound down , still hear your friends . Only problem , it does have some station fade -LRB- more so on AM than FM -RRB- when you move your head . I think it needs a better antenna system.Also the proprietary jack is extra expense , whish it had a standard mini so that you can plug in a scanner , ipod , etc. .
 This products works as well as they say it does . Mowing no longer seems like such a chore !
 I purchased this as a replacement for a 10 year old Peltor radio headset.The product is not made in Mexico or China it is made in Sweden.The first thing you will notice is that they have upgraded the plastic case to what appears to be a much harder and more durable material , the material for the foam cushions is of an improved quality and it is a delight to wear . The ambient noise feature is brilliant , it cancels loud noises and allows in background sounds like crickets chirping after you turn off your power tool.The radio receiver worked perfectly for FM and AM , it also has an input plug on the bottom for aux sound source.Worth the money , do n't buy a cheaper version in a hardware store .
 I bought a pair of these to use while mowing the grass . The noise reduction quality is fantastic , super quiet . The FM radio reception works great , no issue . The AM radio reception is positional but acceptable . Now the neighbors wo n't have to listen to me singing at the top of my lungs while I am on the tractor ! I would buy this item again and I highly recomend them .
 I have had the original Peltor Work Tunes for several years , but FM reception was lousy . These have much better reception and are not affected so much by the direction I am facing . Although I would have liked digital tuning , this headset holds the station much better - the last headset had to be retuned each time I turned it on .
 I love to listen to radio but maintaining a farm and airstrip meant too much noise for the earbuds , headphones , and other hearing devices that are normally available . I spend hours each week mowing , trimming , cutting brush , working with a tractor , doing carpentery work , among other thing that make too much noise to allow radio listening . I tried the `` Work Tunes '' available from Lowes and Northern Tool but they were grossly inadequate . I went through three sets before giving up.My search engine spat out `` Peltor '' as a maker of such headsets and , since the name was familiar to me as a maker of good aviation headsets , decided to try them . They were a bit pricey for my taste but I ordered a pair and find them to be everything the others were not . The radio itself is of excellent quality and has clear reception from end to end of both bands . The controls are of good quality and easy to access . I do n't have to remove the set from my head in order to actually see how to operate them . The suppression of exterior noise is excellent and I have n't found any machine noise that can penetrate enough to make listening difficult . In fact , somtimes it suppresses TOO much noise and I do n't hear machines laboring or making other sounds that I need to hear . The set has exterior microphones that allow exterior sounds to be heard at whatever level I choose but I seldom make use of this feature.One reviewer mentioned the set as being direction sensitive , and they are . However , this is an inherent characteristic of radio and has to with antenna orientation . This is a problem with AM only . The tuning knob is n't marked with frequency or even high or low ends of the band but this has n't been a problem for me.Overall quality appears to be good and it has proven rugged enough to weather a couple of rain showers and a few hard knocks . If the electronics prove durable I think this thing should be good for years .
 My husband uses heavy equipment for farming -LRB- 60 's era farm CAT -RRB- . Loud noise all day long . With these headphones he was able to listen to a variety of radio stations while almost completely blocking out the engine noise and was able to hear subtle changes as conditions changed . They fit well , snug , and he is ready to take them off at the end of the day , but they are comfortable . The batteries are lasting well and are easy to change . The surround sound -LRB- lets you hear soft sounds like a voice with the noise blocking on -RRB- works well . I have another friend who has used this headset and said it blocked out the sound of hammer blows while he was able to talk to a co-worker . Cool ! I like these better than any other radio headset I have purchased .
 I gave this review the title &#34; For the Less Handy Handyman &#34; because the &#34; real &#34; masons in the work group looked upon this trowel with some disdain ... you know , the pros can &#34; magically &#34; do all the tricky stuff with the same finishing trowel . For us less experienced stucco volunteers , it was handy for inside corner work and it gave enough wall coverage to make &#34; invisible &#34; transitions . So , if you are n't an expert , you might like one of these , too .
 My husband told me to buy this for him so he could finish our master-bathroom -LRB- which has been in a renovation state for the last 7 yrs -RRB- . He was like a little boy in a toy-store . Loves it/impressed with it . He 's wanting `` curved '' edges to the bathtroom & so far , it 's looking good .
 Great headphones . Great for mowing the lawn with the tractor to lower the high engine noise . Headphones are great quality . Great service and shipping
 Works great for me ! Use them mowing the lawn or shoveling snow . -LRB- I live close to radio stations though ... -RRB- Then I plug in my race scanner at Dover International Speedway NASCAR car races and listen to the drivers along with MRN radio broadcast ! Great for hearing protection at the rifle range too ! A little pricey , but overall I say it 's a good product and does what I need from it .
 I use this has a radio and also as a headphone for my ipod . Works great in both capacities . Highly recommended .
 The most comfortable hearing protection I have ever worn . No only do they fit me perfectly but they adjust small enough to fit my children . The analog tuner is hard to get used to at first as the markings are not clear but once a channel is set you can adjust from there and the reception is as good as any other portable device I have used lately -LRB- even in rural Maine -RRB- . The input works with the radio volume at minimal so you ca n't hear the radio but the input source is clear and if used for a communications input it would be easy to hear over the radio .
 Great headphones Excellent quality and really reduces noise when using with my leafblower and weeder . Also use for walking while listening to Radio . The only negative isthe weak station signals especially on AM Band . Would purchase another pair in a heartbeat .
 This product works fine as a radio . I have n't tried plugging in an MP3 player yet . Some people complained about reception . I do n't have any problems . In live in a rural area but on top of a mountain . I get many stations with this unit . I use it on my tractor to mow the lawn . I can still hear the tractor , but it is muffled enough where I do not need to raise the volume very high on my Peltor Racetunes . I have n't used the AM function since I do n't really have much use for AM . The FM signal does not fade in and out . Once I have the station of my choice set , it works fine . Do n't forget to turn the unit off when you are done . And make sure you make a good seal around your ears . I press mine on to make sure.Any gap will only bring louder noise from outside the headset.One more thing . I do n't suggest listening to `` talk radio '' with this headset if you are using equipment that is loud . Talking is somewhat unclear over the noise .
 Virtually eliminates mower noise and allows my radio programs to come thru loud and clear .
 These things work well ... I use them in a area that the radio stations are about 40 miles away . It picks up pretty well even though I am in a metal building.The jack feature works well - I use it with my MP3 Phone ... You need a 3.5 mm headset type jack . Radio shack should have them . .
 Previous owner of a 5 + year set of Peltor am/fm headset . This new set has easier control knobs and a plug for MP3 player . Hated working on the tractor on weekends having to listen to every car dealer ad in the city . Now I can plug in my MP3 and choose my preference .
 works great use it for mowing all the time statations come in well and my mp3 player works well when plugged into the radio
 I use it tuned to my Sirius reciever to wear in and around the house.Picks up the signal well and is light and comfortable to wear with good noise cancelling .
 These have very good noise isolation . Audio quality of headphones is adequate for my plans .
 Peltor really got it right with this one . Works great , good sound -LRB- stereo -RRB- , and really comfortable . I especially like the external input jack for my mp3 player .
 Worked on a golf course and needed some ear protection and wanted something to also listen to music while trying to dodge errant golf balls . I just tried this thing out last night when i found them in a cabinet in my desk . They still work great ! Really mute the sound and sound pretty darn good depending on the EQ setting of your mp3 player or iPod . Radio reception was n't great ... . but it was n't horrible . But then again , i was using them in the middle of nowhere with limited stations to begin with .
 We bought these in June , 2006 . My son , wife , & myself have them . We got them for the racetrack to listen to the track FM station announcer . Works great & reduces race car noise substantially . I also used mine in construction work & as such the radio no longer works but that is my fault , not a product defect . I will buy another set for myself .
 I gave these to my husband to use when mowing the lawn and in the garage . He LOVES them . Could not be happier !!! Thank you .
 I am a longshoreman who spends 40 to 80 hours a week operating a crane or forktruck of some kind.I bought the worktunes first and found them to be well built and comfortable . The only problem was that i live in a very rural area in Maine with few radio stations to choose from . I needed more music options.The racetunes came equipped with an input jack for my mp3 player . By hooking my mp3 into my racetunes i was now able to listen to the music i wanted to hear , while at the same time blocking out the screaming engine noize around me . The quality of the recorded music in your headphones will not be as clear as you are used to with your earbuds , but most people should be satisfied enough .
 I bought the Peltor radio headset -LRB- without the audio jack -RRB- for my husband to take to football games & he loved it , so I bought this new model with the audio jack & cord for myself . It 's comfortable -LRB- I usually ca n't stand to wear headphone , -RRB- blocks out irritating outside noise - but you can still hear someone talking directly to you , and it has decent sound quality . Very good product for the money .
 As hearing protection , like other Peltor products , it is great . The tuner and the audio quality are ok , but nothing to brag about . The sound is a bit shallow . However , where this product shines is simple ability to accept an audio input such as from an Apple iPod . I listen to podcasts and during my lawn work and am very thankful to be able hear the audio over the sound of my mower . I love this product , but the average audio quality wo n't get it 5 stars . Still , it is good enough that I will not mow without them .
 My kids and I purchased these headphones for my husband for Father 's Day . He had headphones for decreasing the noise of the tractor while he mowed the lawn , but he found it quite boring -- it takes over an hour to mow our lawn . Now he does n't mind mowing the lawn as he jams out to the tunes that play on the radio . These Peltors get great reception and they block out a good deal of the noise from our tractor . My husband said , `` This is the best Father 's Day present ever ! '' : -RRB-
 I wanted something to listen to while gardening and mowing the lawn . It blocks out all the noises that can distract you . I love the fact that I can listen to my country music and be in my own world for a while . Not all stations come in great ... but I live in Maine .
 I bought two of these for my wife and I for the -LRB- at the time -RRB- upcoming Darlington Race . They worked fantastic . Crystal clear sound and the noise from the loud race engines was barely heard . When we got back , I used my set to mow the grass on the riding mower and I could n't hear my mower running -LRB- plus I got to jam to the radio while I mowed -RRB- !!! I highly recommend this product for race fans or mowers .
 This is a great product . I brought this for my boyfriend when he does woodworking and weedwacking . They work great , really help with load noise .
 I purchased these for use at the dragstrip . They broadcast announcements etc over a short range fm station so everyone can hear . These work pretty well . My only dislike would be that it is a little difficult to locate a specific station on the dial since there are no markings and they are over your ears so you couldnt see the markings even if they were there.Iwould by them again .
 I read all the reviews on this item and was a little skeptical -- but bought it anyways . The reception is excellent -- much better than my other ear muff radio . Additionally , I saw complaints that the earmuffs were tight and uncomfortable . I found it you just bend it out a little -- its fine . This was a great buy !
 Bought these for work -- we use hammer drills , vacuums , and other loud tools . They work great for this application . Like all products that have vinyl to skin contact , you will have to periodically stop and wipe the sweat off of the ear cover . Right after I purchased these , a friend invited me to a NASCAR race -- they worked great for this application as well . They kept the noise bearable and I could listen to the race while watching . Service was prompt and they arrived as promised .
 I bought the Peltor Worktunes in July of 2006 and have used it year-round since then . When I bought it , it was 59.99 , now that the price is 35.00 it is a no brainer . I would buy this model again before purchasing one of the more exspensive ones that are getting poorer reviews . I use it to reduce noise and listen to the radio while snowblowing , lawn mowing , cutting down tree 's , using sanders ... . I love it . It is comfortable and saves your hearing . I must have dropped it 50 times and it is still working strong , it 's covered in paint and drywall mud ... . batteries are longlasting . My only complaint is that the radio reception is limited roughly to stations emitting a stronger signal . I only listen to 3 local FM stations though and all 3 come in very clear so it is not a problem for me . Dont bother with the more exspensive ones , for the price this is a great deal .
 i am very pleased with the product , and the shipping was quick , fast , and in a hurry , thank you
 I 've had these glasses for close to 2 years and they are great . I work at a rock crusher so for them to last this long with very few scratches is amazing . I do n't baby them , they get thrown on the seat of the pickup and kicked around . I also wear them when I ride my motorcycle and they are perfect for that as well , good visibility with little distortion and good ventilation . The only fault I have with them is they are not offered with an amber/blublocker type of lens for times with lower lighting when you still want sunglasses . I just bought another pair for me and one for a friend .
 I bought these along with the platinum frame pair and I really like them . They 're great sun blockers and they look great .
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 These work great as sunglasses or safety glasses . They are perfect for doing yard work like using a weed-trimmer . They are nice and dark for blocking the sun , and since they wrap around , do a great job blocking flying bits and pieces ! They are also quite comfortable and light .
 At the job site when doing Security the sun at times feels like it 's just in your face . Since the shade is red you are able to see better and it reflects sun light better . If your looking for a good pair of shades check this company out . You do n't have to spend 200 bucks on some sun glasses such as Oakley . I just wish I heard of them sooner . The glasses just look damn cool
 Hey these are the BEST glasses out . I have had multiple pairs over last 5 yrs ... great for primary sunglasses and also around house as safety glasses when working on home or garage projects . Keep these available ... as I buy 2-3 at a time .
 Great Glasses ! After 24 years of doing construction it 's amazing how many cheap ineffective glasses are still on the market . These hug your eyes just enough to keep the junk out , work good as sun protection and look good too !
 Amazing protection w/out looking like a nerd . . Nice safety/all purpose sunglasses on those hot/cold sunny days ! Takes a tank to destroy these . Well , maybe these would break the tank . Who knows , have n't tried !
 my son wears these as regular sunglasses as well as safety glasses when he is working outside on his car , he loves them . They are well made and have held up to a lot of abuse , just what you want from safety glasses .
 I got the product in a great time period , for Iraq and it 's heat and sunlight they were great . Upon a visit to Neighboring Turkey they were stolen , possibly due to the good looks . I hope that who ever has them , enjoys , I did .
 Ive Had these for at least a year ... and I would highly recommend them . . they are great for outside work but may be a little dark if you work inside ... do yourself a favor and buy a lanyard . . so you 'll always have em . . even if they 're hangin around your neck . .
 These Safety glasses are great , certified , great looking , and stylish . I use these for outside work , and also have another pair to use as normal sunglasses because they look and feel really good . They also come with a protective case !
 Wow ! Since when can one get ` safety ' glasses that are as fashionable as this ? At $ 12.99 , Amazon is selling this at a good price and I 'm happy with the product . It hugs my face , looks sporty , is light weight and feels sturdy . I would not hesitate to recommend this product or to buy it again .
 I work outside all day long and needed some sunglasses that were durable . I was tired of my sunglasses snapping in half right on my face . This happened a few times before I discovered these glasses.They are safety glasses made for construction work . I use them for pool service and after over seven years of these glasses -LRB- This is my 6th one - due to the lens scratching -RRB- not one has broken . They are very durable . The plastic frame is almost indestructible . I have kept my old ones and currently have four that I still use.This particular lens is probably the lightest as far as blocking out the Sun 's light . The red and green lenses seem to keep everything a bit darker . But they are dark enough for all day use . These glasses are also super comfortable . I wear them for over eight hours per day and never get bothered by them . They are also very stylish.Highly recommend .
 Bought these glasses for both sun and their safety feature . I have a narrow nose and these could fit a little better there . Otherwise i would give them a 5 star . The price was very good .
 Stupid looking ? I honestly do n't agree . I guess that 's just a matter of taste but I have gotten nothing but positive comments about these when I wear them and I work in the public eye . They look stylish , protect my eyes , and have a nice case to store them in . I ca n't complain .
 I have ordered 5 pairs of these glasses not at any fault of the glasses and more the fault of my kids and dog . Anyway they are very comfortable and light . They are great safety glasses and the only sunglasses I wear.AO Safety 93201 Orange County Chopper Eyewear , Blue Mirror
 The lenses on these are great . I do not have prescription glasses , and usually see better with sunglasses . My eyesight is excellent with these . I also have had no color distortion , as I have had with other sunglasses in the past.The arms are a little fragile , my 3-year old broke both arms on my first pair . The provided case provides great protection for the glasses though.Two thumbs up !
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 We had to make minor adjustments to the blades on the fan because it did not exactly fit the hole in the wall that housed the old fan blades , but the fan does work and is still working . I would have liked a more powerful motor to open the door to the outside but it is hard to even find a fan with blades that fit our dimensions . Also the old fan was metal and this one is plastic but that was a good thing because we had to cut the blades down in spots so it would fit .
 Nice little bathroom fan motor kit . Replaced the noisy and slow unit in my recently purchased home using this motor . The original late 40 's / early 50 's horizontal through the wall unit had wiped out bearings -LRB- bushings -RRB- . Comes with two plastic fans , plus shaft adaptors to allow original fan to be reused , can easily be reversed -LRB- mechanical - disassemble and switch the shaft direction and end caps/bearings on the main portion ... actually very simple and easy to do -RRB- . No one seemed to be able to provide me with this unit locally ... and no one seems to make a horizontal through the wall unit these days . This was a great find . Shipped quickly , inexpensive , adaptable and works great ... 5 stars .
 This kit was just as pictured and had any parts needed for several different set ups . It works well and was easy to install .
 The large fan with the motor that came with it , is a real good replacement for my old bathroom exhaust fan . For my bathroom since my house was built in the early 70 's , I had to do a few modifications . Once the modifications were made the fan and motor works perfect . Now beware !!! If you are using the smaller fan it 's pretty fragile . I installed it on the motor shaft to see how it would work with my set up . While trying to take the smaller blade off the shaft , I accidently broke a blade . Lucky I did n't need the smaller fan . Otherwise this motor is pretty silent compared to my original one
 This fan kit is exactly as shown and is a great replacement for my failed fan .
 Pros : - inexpensive - work with small driver drills with hex chucksCons : - bits are slightly off centerI bought these to use with Dewalt 12V Max driver/impact wrench combo set . Since both the driver and the impact wrench in the set have hex chucks , I needed a set of drill bits with hex shanks . These bits were half the price of comparable sets.They are n't high quality bits , but they will work fine for most drilling . The biggest problems is that they are n't centered correctly . Put one in the drill , turn it on , and you will see considerable `` wobble '' at the tip of the bit . As long as you are n't doing precision drilling they should work fine .
 I elected to buy this set over its more expensive competition and was pleasantly surprised . The build quality is very good , and the bits are very sharp . They go through wood , mild steel and aluminum with the greatest of ease.I 'm planning to get another set for my other drill machine .
 This torch was difficult to find , but Amazon had it for a good price . While not billed as a `` jobber '' torch , it is certainly heavy-duty enough for daily use in my art work . Best of all , it allows you to not have to hold the propane/MAPP cylinders in your hand -LRB- Yes it is rated for both gases -RRB- . A nice addition to the tool box .
 I bought it mostly to do automotive work . While it wo n't cut metal , it is great for heating salt rusted bolts and fasteners to high temps . It has a swirl orifice to increase flame heat . The wand lets you get into places in the car that may be dangerous or impossible to do with an attached tank torch . Remember tanks ca n't go upside down.It allows MAPP and propane , so if the propane is n't enough you can `` put some more heat '' on with MAPP . That is a great feature.I tried it for plumbing too , much less awkward than the tank . The wand is great for overhead work . I always hated resting the tank on a ladder , now it can be clipped to my belt . Many pro plumbers have torches like this , the small tank units are more for DIY or occasional use.I used to use a standard attached tank torch but would never go back!I got in on sale for under $ 20 , very satisfied with this product . Looks like it could definately be for pro use , and is relatively inexpensive .
 I 've used this device for three years now in conjunction with a refractory brick , it forms the basis of my forge . I 've hardened dozens of carbon steel blades . I had to disassemble my knife shop to move , and it took some time to get it back together . After sitting in the wet Houston air idle for over a year , I had to blow the spider webs out of it . However , after that minor bit of maintenance , it fired right up and has been working flawlessly ever since .
 I use this with Mapp gas and it is very hot . Hook the tank to your belt with the supplied clip . Works very well .
 I am a pro plumber . This is the torch I use everyday . Please buy this torch if you are in need of a good one .
 I 've used this torch for several years . Is nice to be able to put the tank on the floor on clip to belt and keep the heat well away from the tank . Is useful for any position even `` up-side-down '' . Starting charcoal or a fire is simple and safe with this torch that allows you to keep the adjustment valve and tank well away from the heat . After several years of at least weekly use , the plastic handle is only minimally scorched . Am trying to find one for a friend and the wait is my only problem . Sure hope this product is not discontinued .
 So i just got my torch in the mail . I immediately lit it up . It was pretty awesome . I started burning paper and stuff just for fun . then i decided to make an omelette , and to make sure it was all cooked i cooked it with my torch . best omeletter i 've ever had . it pretty much makes any metal i 've used red hot , or melts is if you put it on their long enough . this torch is a beast . im so glad i bought it . i 'll definitely use this until i ca n't anymore , and then i 'll buy another .
 I have several pair of the AO Safety `` Fuel '' safety sunglasses and swear by them for almost any outdoor activity . My first choice when I 'm sailing and working on boats and even for general wear outside on bright days . Very comfortable , non-distorting and inepensive and compareable to sun glasses that cost several times as much with the safety factors to boot ! One word applies
 I generally find glasses do not live up to my lifestyle with tons of sporting and active working , but these are the first that actually will not scratch or impair my vision while under extreme circumstances . They are very comfortable for both work and play . My only little complaint is with really hot activities like biking in the sun , they do tend to fog up a little .
 I ruined ten pair of good safety glasses before I finally discovered what was causing the destruction . I spend a lot of time working outdoors on various projects . For some mysterious reason , after wearing them only a few times , the lens on my glasses looked as if they 'd had been sprayed with acetone . Even when operating a chain saw and wood chipper , I do n't get hit in the face with debris sufficient to cause the damage that my glasses were sustaining.SUNSCREEN or SUNBLOCK was causing the damage . Even the expensive stuff like Neutrogena ruins the lens.How can I keep sweat from getting on my glasses?If you touch the lens with sunblock on your fingertips , kiss your glasses goodbye.This problem has not yet made it around the Internet enough to find a good solution.To avoid skin cancer , we 're bathing in stuff that destroys plastic.Some say sunscreen will eat the paint off your car but I ca n't afford to test that theory.I hope this information saves somebody a pair of safety glasses .
 This is my 5th or 6th pair of these glasses -LRB- I work outside as a pool man -RRB- and they are indestructible . I only replace them when the lenses get scratched up due to the nature of their use . I have n't had one pair crack on me . They are also super comfortable and I wear them 40 hours a week . Excellent , excellent glasses .
 Warning - the arms of these galsses are a little fragile.I have a boughten a few sets of these . I like the styling , and the storage case they come with comes in handy .
 Love them ! They are too dark for most of my plants , but they are comfortable & fun to wear !
 I wanted some safety glasses that I could wear all day , and did not look like safety glasses . These glasses fit the bill . They have a tendency to fog up just a little bit , but they clear quickly . The tinting of the lens is not as dark as it appears , and even on a cloudy day , they did not reduce my vision .
 We have relatively high water presssure in our house , and even purchasing 5 GPM shower heads did n't satisfactorily limit the flow . This valve did . It also allows for my wife to turn on a higer flow when she wants more hot water . It 's primarily plastic and could be constructed of stronger materials , but we have had it in service for several months with no problems .
 I bought it . I used it . I liked it . I made a wise decision ordering from Amazon . I saved money it was easy and i will do it again .
 nothing beats having the exact cut size for today 's modern plywood dimensions . plywood is no longer made in actual widths so when you need a tight fitting dado or groove , these CMT bits are the best . great in a hand held router and in a router table .
 I have two small saws that use this size file , and these fill the bill exactly . Excellent price and reliable delivery made this a very comfortable transaction . I highly recommend the files/supplier to anyone who needs a similar product .
 these work rather nicly totouch up the chain after useing the saw for a day . They last a good while too if you keep them from rolling about in the tool box where they may clang into other tools and get their teeth smashed down .
 Used this to replace a 50 year old motor that I had been using as a vent fan in my place . This is quieter , properly engineered with a grounding cable and fits nicely in the space that I need . Thanks ! Hopefully I 'll never have to replace it !
 I was able to use the motor to replace my old Nutone 8660 fan motor , but I had to first shorten the shaft to fit the fan housing . As you can see in the picture the shaft is much longer even though the motor comes up as a direct replacement . This motor is also sealed . The original has open vents in the housing , which probably contributed to it failing because of dust getting in the windings and bearings over the years . Any way , it works and was a good price .
 This motor was a perfect replacement . All I needed -LRB- which I had -RRB- was a hacksaw to cut the shaft and althread to match the original motor . Had it installed and running in about 30 min . Probably would have been less if I had cut the shaft shorter the first time .
 Works great , but where other remotes are tuned to your particular opener frequency , this thing seems to scan over the whole band to trigger the door .
 Setting up was quite easy . Then , it works well . its convenient.Size is small , not bulky . I connected my car key and bring in my pocket .
 This product is really good . Worked well with my old Genie 12 dipswitch remote -LRB- which was really bulky -RRB- . The new remote is small like an car alarm transmitter . It has a good range . I read the some other reviews - where people said it did n't have good distance . That was not the problem for me . I was upstairs in the living room and it fine.However there 's a slight delay -LRB- about 3 seconds when you press the button for the garage door to open/close . I wish however that the remote had a center ring so you can put you car/house keys in it . It has a opening on the corner of the remote where you can slide the key holder ring through it - which is ok but not like a car a remote . That 's why it gets 4 stars.However , I would definitely buy this product again !
 I bought this remote control to replace a larger one that I have . I am satisfied with this little remote . It is about the size of the old Viper alarm remote controls . The small size is extremely convenient as you can attach it to your key chain or store just about anywhere . But the trade off with this small control is that the range is compromised . Its reach is less than the larger controls . With the old remote I can open my gate from about 50 - 100 Ft away , but with this one its usually about 15-25 feet.The range is not a big deal as you can still pull up next to your driveway and hit the button .
 This is my second time buying this remote , first time at Amazon . It is basically the same device but they changed the duration of the signal and the code keys are in reverse order . It functions better than the previous version . Overall happy with the performance . But if you are looking to have a long range remote , this is not the one you should go for .
 The easy to follow directions will get you up and running in under 40 minutes . Less , if you are an experienced installer.The best part about the install process is that the thermostat I bought came with pre-printed stickers to put around the wires that you take off of your old thermostat . You take the `` R '' wire off the `` R '' terminal , label it , put it aside . When you have them all labeled -LRB- 5-6 wires -RRB- you put them on the new thermostat , which is conveniently labeled like the stickers . A couple screws , three AA batteries , a snap of the cover and you are up and running . It 's that easy!The daily timer set-up was relatively easy , with a nice `` Temporary '' setting . You can change the temperature during a period -LRB- Wake , Leave , Arrive , and Sleep -RRB- , but the setting cancels when the next program period starts or when you press `` Run Program . '' This is helpful for those of us that forget to turn it back down/up -- it just automatically goes back to your original program . Nice feature for when you have guests and kids
 The easy to follow directions will get you up and running in under 40 minutes . Less , if you are an experienced installer.The best part about the install process is that the thermostat I bought came with pre-printed stickers to put around the wires that you take off of your old thermostat . You take the `` R '' wire off the `` R '' terminal , label it , put it aside . When you have them all labeled -LRB- 5-6 wires -RRB- you put them on the new thermostat , which is conveniently labeled like the stickers . A couple screws , three AA batteries , a snap of the cover and you are up and running . It 's that easy!The daily timer set-up was relatively easy , with a nice `` Temporary '' setting . You can change the temperature during a period -LRB- Wake , Leave , Arrive , and Sleep -RRB- , but the setting cancels when the next program period starts or when you press `` Run Program . '' This is helpful for those of us that forget to turn it back down/up -- it just automatically goes back to your original program . Nice feature for when you have guests and kids
 It was easy to install , we called to check info and Honeywell was very helpful . I needed to study the instructions to get it right , and now I have every day programmed , the heat comes on and off twice a day . It 's just what I wanted ! I only gave 4 stars , because it was n't obvious to figure out , but once I read it a couple of times , now it 's easy to program and override the program , as I want . Very Happy with this one .
 As other reviews have mentioned , you have to really take your time with reading all the steps in the manual for programming , not because it is so difficult , but because it takes awhile to understand the overview of the way this thing is programmed and functions . However , once you do , it is VERY good , and and accurate . Warning though - DON `` T accidently forget to enter the proper day of the week when you first start loading in the data . It is almost impossible to change later ! Still , very worth the money and does exactly what it says it does . An excellent buy .
 We mostly bought this thermostat because we needed the auxiliary heat capability . Our old one of a different brand simply quit working on us one day . This one does everything I need it to do.The scheduling feature works well although it can be a little bit of a hassle to do . But we did n't buy it for that and hardly use it so I do n't complain . I would like it if it had a vacation feature but when I leave town I just use the schedule so it will keep my house cooler in the winter or warmer in the summer until shortly before I return . That allows me to save energy while still saving energy .
 We have been looking at this product for a while . The value was ecellent . I received this product promtly and it was just as described .
 If you are looking to purchase this at HD , they charge almost $ 80 for it ! Great programmable thermostat . Works for me !
 Honeywell makes fine thermostats . This is the second one I bought and installed on two different houses just to save energy . This model was fairly easy to install . I got it because I was replacing a thermostat on a Heat Pump with aux heat . That is a little tricky . I had to read the well written manual three times to get the wiring correct . Two things have happened since the installation , the monthly cooling bill has gone down and the darn thing changed to Daylight Saving Time all by its self ! Good unit .
 First I must admit that I have installed zero thermostats in my life . I was more than a little hesitant about buying one and ` taking the plunge ' for installation . No worries however . I had downloaded the ` quick start ' guide and installing could not have been easier . Turn power off , disconnect old thermostat , match wires with color , attach to wall , turn on power . It really was that simple . The physical buttons are a definite advantage for this model -LRB- the next model up has ` virtual ' buttons -RRB- . The logic of how the 4 time periods -LRB- wake , leave , return , sleep -RRB- were a little confusing at first , but once you figure out one day , you can copy it to the rest of the week . If you 're looking for a basic 7-day thermostat , look no further .
 PRO
 Had it installed few days ago . It is far better than my old Mercury thermostat . I like the programming feature . It is working just as it was advertised . I 'm very please with the product and Amazon 's prompt shipping . I will order again if I need another one .
 I like it ! The Honeywell programmable thermostat works as advertised and i thought it was easy to install . what 's not to like ?
 This thermostat got my heat pump working again , and I 'm expecting a considerable decrease in my electric bill . My old Chronotherm III quit after 15 years , and suddenly the heat strips were being activated for nearly all the heat . Once I opened the side of the air handler and discovered which one of my 8 wires was not being used , connecting the new thermostat was pretty easy.The directions for programming the thermostat are not as clear as they should be . * Maybe * holding the button down for about 5 seconds will get you into the programming mode , but you might want to plan to hold it down a bit longer , 10-15 seconds . I spent a lot of time holding the button down for the shorter period and not getting into the programming mode . If I 'd given it 5-10 seconds more , the initial programming attempt would have been a lot less frustrating . Advice
 This is my first programmable thermostat and I just wish I had n't waited so long to get it . It was simple to install and program . The whole process took me about 30 minutes and I am not the most handy person in the world . Already paid for itself after the first heating bill .
 I 've had this replace my old analog Honeywell thermostat and been working great since December 2012 . Installation was a breeze , just screw the wires in the correct receptacles and you 're set . I 've never used the programmable features but friends tell me it can be a pain to configure . Not needed though , all I care about is the temp up/down , on/off and the hold buttons : -RRB-
 Bought this so that we could have settings for each day . We really like it and settings the time schedule is very easy . We would recommend this .
 These are pretty easy to install and set up . If you grew up setting VCR clocks or watches with two buttons , you will find programming this device easier by far . On the other hand , if those sorts of things make your crazy , then this is not the thermostat for you.Some of the subtler controls such as &#34; recovery &#34; and some of the heating system options could be better documented . For example , what exactly changes when you tell it you have a high efficiency boiler ? The heating system in my house is quite odd . It 's an under-floor hydronic system with heat from a domestic hot water heater . I 'd like to know what settings for this would be best for operating that kind of system , but I really ca n't tell.Nevertheless , the settings I 've chosen work well enough . When the temps in the room is below the set temp , the heat comes on . Since this is what all thermostats do , I wonder what all those extra configuration settings are even for.Anyway , long story , I have two of these and they work fine . I wish they were physically closer to the wall -LRB- the mounting bracket makes them protrude a bit -RRB- but otherwise they 're fine .
 I had been looking for a programmable thermostat to replace my existing digital non-programmable , cheapo builder 's special thermostat . After checking reviews and watching the price go up and down I jumped on this at $ 45 in Sept prior to a long vacation . Total installation time was probably a half hour . Kill the breaker , remove old thermostat , and match up wires to new thermostat . Programming is simple yet somewhat tedious . I think I spent more time programming my weekly setup than the install took . After approx 5 months of use I am happy to report back that my Honeywell RTH75000D is still wonderful . It records a more accurate temp , maintains indoor temp better and with the programming option I have saved enough to pay for the thermostat !
 I replaced a manual old style mercury Honeywell thermostat with this one . I loved the description how to disassemble and old one , how to mark the wires etc and how to hook up properly the new one . 30mins later , everything was installed , setup and worked perfectly .
 works great installed it 10 months ago and it does the jobonly improvement I would make is make the screen brighter
 Thermostat works great . Was somewhat easy to install . Comes with a good set of detailed instructions . I did have to play with a few settings to get it to work right , but I followed the troubleshooting instructions in the included booklet with no problem .
 I was always told that a programmable thermostat would save money . So now that I own my home , I got this one . It does everything I wanted . and keeps the temp much more stable then the digital one I had before . Easy to work with . Easy to install . Simple directions . Coming home from work I ca n't even tell it 's working . Changes temp with program so that it is that temp when it gets to the set time . Great for beginners . And probally pros . Will let you know in a few months about the electric bill .
 Was very easy to install.Programming the 7 day program took a long time - would have been better if you could ` default ' an initial program and then change the days that were the exception .
 I bought the 7500d as opposed to the 7600d because I like conventional buttons better than the touch screens . It was also several dollars less and almost functionally identical . I was replacing an older model Honeywell that died in a thunderstorm . This one works as expected so far.I have a word of advice for people comparing thermostats . Honeywell has all their installation and user manuals on line . Go to Honeywell 's site or Google the model number -LRB- s -RRB- you are interested in and read about the features before you purchase . Most of the bad reviews I read on Amazon are from people who bought the wrong thermostat for their HVAC system or were in some other way `` surprised '' by the installation or operation of the device . With all the manuals online , there really is no excuse for this . Do a little homework and decide which units are compatible with your HVAC system and if you feel competent enough to install the thermostat . If you do , you will already be familiar with the product when it arrives and your install will be shorter and easier.Do the research and enjoy your new thermostat !
 Have n't had it that long , but have had no problems with it . It was easy to install & easy to program . I especially like it switching between heating & cooling automatically when needed which saves having to go to the thermostat when it needs to be switched .
 This device has saved my apartment from a lot of fights over temperature and power bills.The initial wiring is the hardest part . Make sure you read the entire booklet . When I first hooked it up , I did n't know why the heat would n't come on . It turns out there are different settings for heat pumps . If you ca n't figure out how to wire it , a call to their customer service department will help . I 'm pretty sure it 's in India , but they have a fairly large database of wiring schemes.Programming the thermostat is fairly simple , once you get the hang of it . The only confusing part is the `` temperature hold '' setting . If you want to temporarily change the temperature , it will ask if you want to hold it . Opting to do it will put it on a permanent hold . Opting out will only leave it at the temperature you set for an hour .
 I replaced what looked like the original thermostat in my house -LRB- circa 1987 -RRB- with this one a few weeks ago . I like the digital interface and programmable capabilities . I had to consult with a friend -LRB- and the Internet -RRB- for the wiring of the new device as my house is a bit older , but it works perfectly now . I do n't use the programmable interface right now -LRB- just using the manual override for now -RRB- but still works like a champ , and has additional features that are worth looking into -LRB- more info in the instruction manual -RRB- .
 I am very pleased I purchased this product and did not listen to other people 's reviews that stated it is n't easy to program and you ca n't program multiple days . I found it to be very easy to program and you can select which days of the week you want to use for each setting . It is no more difficult to program than the irrigation timer I use to water my lawn so if you are familiar with how to do that , this is no problem at all . It works great and automatically adjusts the temperature in my house as programmed . This unit is accurate with the temperature and is not off by a degree or 2 as others have stated . I did call tech support because I had initially programmed it incorrectly for my system and the Honeywell technician was able to go through how I had programmed the unit and found my mistake in no time at all . My only negative is there is a small bubble -LRB- similar to a moisture bubble -RRB- in the display that I ca n't get out but does not create a problem . I have had this thermostat working for about a month with no problems at all . I am a very satisfied customer .
 I 've had this in for about a week now and it seems to work really well . The actual install was really easy , hook up a few wires and two wall anchors and you 're don there . I did purchase this thermostat for the auto selection for heat or cool . I 'm in Minnesota and this time of year you 're constantly switching from `` cool '' to `` heat '' and vice versa because the weather is all over the place ... I wanted the auto feature so I could set ranges for the temp to fall into , and have the thermostat automatically select heat or cool based on the settings and the current temp . While I did get this to work , I had to contact Honeywell for them to help me activate the feature because it was n't available out of the box . I called on a Saturday and still got some assistance , they guy walked me right through the procedure and it took about 10 minutes . I would have preferred to not have to do this but I 'm guessing there 's a reason they have it setup this way . Based on my experience I 'd probably rate the setup between 3-4 and the actual product a 5 .
 This is a great thermostat ! I wanted to try and save some money on energy costs and this thing works great . I can set four different temps a day to get the temp just right when I 'm home and mostly off when I gone . One thing to note is to pay attention to the wiring and make sure the power is off . Since this thing works with so may heating/cooling systems you need to make sure you get that right and double check your work . And if you breeze through the manual do n't forget to program the right mode for your system . The last time I installed a programmable thermostat it was just about the wiring . But with this one there is a few settings you have to set up depending on your system .
 I am very satisfied with this thermostat . I had a very old thermostat with one setting . This thermostat is nice because I can have different temp settings for different parts of the day or week . It also keeps my house at an even temperature .
 Put these all over our house and on the last one , realized I could have saved over ten dollars each on the cost by getting it from Amazon with my Prime shipping deal and so local shopping is becoming less and less ! Great deal and no trip to Home Depot ! Love it !
 We had the old type of thermostat and were constantly messing with it to control the temperature in the house . I got this thermostat at a pretty good deal with free shipping on Amazon and we 've really enjoyed having this in our home . Now , we just set the temp . where we want it and can do what we want without checking it . It 's also programmable too which is a nice feature if you 're going on vacation and want the temp . to be comfortable upon your return home . Saves on your energy bill too !!!
 Product exceeded my expectations . Programing was simple and response time factored in automatically to provide desired heating/cooling range at desired times and day .
 i love this thermostat ! I have bad eyes and the text is large and easy to read . With the light on , even more so consumer friendly . The setting are with easy menus and time never has to be reset !!! This is a quality product !
 This is an excellent piece of equipment . Fairly easy to install with clear directions and complete materials . Took awhile to program as you have to program each day separately . But , that 's what I wanted . Now it does the on 's and off 's for me . Very happy .
 This was a replacement thermostat for me , and I am delighted with it . It was easy to install and is super easy to prgram . The back lighting is a real plus feature as well . Really all I can say is - IT IS GREAT
 I purchased this during the recent cold spell , and was a little nervous with installation.I read the installation manual start to finish before removing old thermostat.The package shows fifteen minute time , mine took about 20 minutes.When following all the instructions , the setup was complete and the furnace ran correctly when power was turned on.I let it run until it reached the set temp , then spent about ten minutes with the programing .
 First , the morons at Amazon list the PACKAGE DIMENSIONS under `` item description '' . 8 inches by 9 inches by 1.5 inches - that is the PLASTIC BLISTER PACKAGE . Amazingly worthless ... the ITEM is much smaller!Great thermostat so far - install was really easy , 5 minutes . I have a single stage heat and two stage cool , so about 7 wires to connect . Just used the old stat to ID the color code , skipped the little wire labels they give you - too messy.It allows you to select an internal feature set/operation to match your system
 I love the ease of installation and programming of this thermostat . The features make it very easy to use . I like the self light feature that allows adjustments without having to turn on a light or track down a flashlight .
 This unit works perfectly . Having never installed a thermostat before I was a bit nervous , but by simply following the included wiring instructions -LRB- and taking a photo of how the previous unit was wired -RRB- I had it up and running in under 30 minutes . Programming was a breeze and my home heating and cooling have been automated for more than a year now with no issues . The unit is in the hallway directly outside our bedroom and the quiet click it makes when it turns on the heat/ac is barely noticeable . I only wish it had a blue backlight instead of the green color they chose , fortunately we rarely have to see the backlight as the temperature is usually just how we like it .
 Honeywell RTH7500D Conventional 7-Day Programmable Thermostat , good s & h , typical Honeywell quality , great . wish for a shorter tips and guidlines !!!! how about that , eh ?
 We wanted to replace an old mercury switch thermostat that was giving us a big temperature swing - several degrees . This one calibrates to within one degree tested with my meat thermometer . -LRB- Do n't know which one is more accurate . -RRB- It keeps the room at a steady temperature so the system comes on more frequently . I do n't see that as a problem . Connection was easy to a gas fired forced air heater and an A/C .
 It does exactly what I wanted it to do and it was easy to program and make changes when required .
 I 've had the thermostat since 2009 and moved it from my old apt to my new house and it still works . The only down side is that it does NOT have a lock/code feature .
 Took me only 15 minutes to install and set up . Scheduling it was extremely easy and straight forward anything you were stumped on was easily described in the manual .
 We like this , but found that it was hard to program . We did figure it out and it is working well .
 Easy to install , just follow the instructions , they are well written . Easy to set and edit when needs change . Second home we have installed this unit in and have never had a problem .
 You ca n't go wrong with a Honeywell thermostat . Easy to program , install and use . I like the feature of the screen lighting up when you touch any buttons . Bought several more to install at my neighbors house . If you have central air this thermostat can be programmed for the a/c as well as heat and you can also have it control both at the same time and it will heat or cool to your setting .
 The product was easy to install but required a little telephone help from Honeywell to set up . It has been working for a month without any complaints . I should be as satisfied with everything I buy as I am with this product .
 Bought this so I can set different schedules everyday -LRB- wake , leave , return , sleep times and temperatures -RRB- as opposed to the other model that only lets you set weekday and weekend schedules . Works like a charm . A good plus is that it takes batteries , so if you lose power for 5 minutes or a day , you do n't lose the programming or the date and time , picks up where it left off .
 I just received this thermostat yesterday . Install was a snap and got it put on the wall in under 10 minutes . I ran into a problem where the original thermostat was bigger vertically instead of being wide . So keep that in mind if you are looking at this or any thermostat . I will have to do a little drywall work to make it look perfect.Setup was a breeze . After installation another 10 minutes and I had it programmed for the week . I walked away , AC kicked on , and this morning I noticed it started automatically adjusting like it should . Extremely easy and straightforward installation and use .
 This was SO easy to install - I think I did it in less than the 15 minute `` advertised time '' -LRB- and I 'm just a semi-handy woman ! -RRB- It looks great and more importantly it WORKS great and has cut our electric bill substantially !
 I looked up several reviews on programable thermostats and decided on this one . For the price it works great . It was a little hard to program , but easy enough to install . I am happy with it , but not thrilled . Would recommend though .
 I just recently purchase a Honeywell RTH7500D Conventional 7-Day Programmable Thermostat from Amazon.com and installed it for a dear friend of mine . The installation was simple , straight forward and easy to wire up and to program . In this case , it was for a `` Heat Pump '' , so the programmable benefit is questionable , as far as savings go . At any rate , the installation and programming directions were simple , and worked as advertised . Although I have some experience working with A/C & Heating systems , I think anyone who just reads and follows the included instructions will have no problems . And if they do have problems with unusual wiring , etc. , the technical assistance available on line or by phone is easy to access and very helpful!If I ever need another thermostat for replace , I will definitely go to Amazon.com!BJohnson
 I am really happy with this thermostat . Priced nicely , clear display and easy to use . Would purchase it again .
 We bought this elsewhere , but I 've been so impressed , I had to leave my two cents.Installation took about 15 minutes for my DIY husband . He failed at the scheduling , however . I was able to program it without even reading the booklet . Yeah for me ! This actually has more options than I need . It has
 I 've had the Honeywell thermostat for a couple of months . I installed it myself with no problems . It has been working very well . I like the buttons better than the touch screen . It `` sprang forward '' all by itself when the time changed .
 I purchased five of these 7-day programmable thermostats for our church so that I could customize the heating and cooling settings based on our varying daily schedules . Here in Colorado it is quite common in the Spring and Fall to have days where the mornings are cool but the afternoons are warm so I needed a thermostat that could be set up for auto mode selection . I also needed one that would allow true 7-day program capability since there are different events at different times each day of the week . This Honeywell model offers all of this at a very affordable price . It even offers automatic daylight savings adjustments as an option . I like the fact that the two temperature adjustment buttons -LRB- which allow raising or lowering the temperature temporarily -RRB- are located away from the other buttons . I enclosed each thermostat in a plastic guard to prevent unwanted tampering of the settings -LRB- this is critical in public settings because people always mess with them -RRB- . I plan to add two spring-loaded push rods over the temperature adjustment buttons so that users can change the temperature temporarily , even with the thermostat guard in place , but they can not access any of the other buttons . I am very pleased with these thermostats since they offer all the features we needed and will save us more than the cost of the units in their first year of use .
 I purchased two of these thermostats through the Amazon website and installed them just before the start of the Memorial Day weekend . I am very pleased with both thermostats , but I did encounter a problem during the install of the upstairs thermostat . Although I had flipped the breakers labeled for the upstairs and downstairs heat pumps to the off position at the panel , the upstairs heat pump was still receiving power , because I blew a fuse in the heat pump during the install . Obviously this problem was caused by a lack of due diligence on my part - ensuring that the power to the heat pump and to the thermostat was really off . My wife and I went without air conditioning to the upstairs of our home for approximately 30 hours before a service technician arrived to find and replace the blown fuse.If you have a volt ohm meter , I suggest that you verify that there is no power to the thermostat prior to the install . In doing the install yourself , you may find that you are at the mercy of the wiring provided for your old thermostat . For example , on our old downstairs thermostat , there was no common wire . When the heat pump -LRB- air conditioner -RRB- is on , the lead for the furnace is used as the common . When the furnace is on , then the wire for the air-conditioning is used as the common . Without a common lead as a reference , it was not possible to measure the voltage to our downstairs thermostat when neither the air conditioner nor the furnace is running . This led us to believe that we had no power to the thermostat even after we had switched the breaker back to the on position after the install . However , the thermostat worked fine . The service technician explained to us that in the original wiring to our old thermostat , the common was missing and that was why we could not measure the voltage.I called the Honeywell support number on the back of the thermostat installation manual , and a technician located in New Deli answered immediately . The technician was friendly and knowledgeable.Two messages that may appear on the thermostat after you install it may lead you to think you have made a mistake when nothing is wrong . First , if you have a heat pump and the word `` Wait '' appears on the thermostat display after turning the heat pump back on , then this is normal . As a precaution the thermostat waits five minutes before cycling the heat pump back up after it has been turned off . Second , if the word `` Recovery '' appears on the display when you first turn the furnace or air conditioner on , this simply means that you have the Smart Response Technology set to on , and your thermostat has turned on you air conditioner or furnace to reach the target temperature that you set in the schedule.With my old mercury-based thermostats , I could not be certain that the correct temperature was displayed . Nor could I be certain of the actual temperature that I was setting the thermostat to . If I left the thermostat set to a high setting while we were away on summer days , then the house would not cool off before bed time after we got home . All of these problems are solved by our two programmable Honeywell thermostats , and I saved over $ 40.00 by buying the thermostats through Amazon rather than Home Depot .
 This review is from the perspective of a novice . I replaced an 11-year-old thermostat with this one yesterday morning.Installation was not a breeze as the claim on the product package would like you to believe -LRB- i.e. , `` designed to install in 15 minutes or less . '' -RRB- We have a 5-ton split central unit with the condenser outside of the house , and the coil and a gas furnace in the attic . Matching the wires to the new thermostat was not that straightforward . Our old system has 5 wires but the Intallation Guide only shows an example with 4 wires . After failing a few configurations , I finally gave up and called for technical support . The puzzle was then resolved.Programming was mostly simple and easy but not always intuitive . You do need to read the Manual to figure a number of things out . An alternative may be the 8500 Touchscreen model , which seems to have more intuitive programming based on reviews from Amazon users.Overall , I would recommend this thermostat . Just make sure that you do your installation during office hours when technical support is available from Honeywell .
 First the negative ... The Installation Guide needs revision . I spoke to Honeywell about this and other complaints and hopefully these issues will be changed . BTW , they were very nice.First problem
 I did n't give it 5 stars only because I 've only had this thermostat running for 3 weeks now with no hiccups . It 's fairly easy to program for each day of the week and can have multiple daily start/stop times , too . I started by opening up the old thermostat while it was operational , writing down all the wire connections , -LRB- I had 8 -RRB- and then emailing that info to Honeywell tech support . They responded within 2 days with the correct wiring for the RTH7500 . Installing was easy . Make sure the power is off to the compressor/pump and no voltages are on any of the wires before you install this thermostat . Also , if there is a big hole where the wires come through the wall , make sure you plug it up as best as you can . This could cause your thermostat to turn on more than it should . Hopefully it will have paid for itself by the end of winter .
 Thermostat is easy to install and programming was not difficult . The instructions are clear and easy to follow . Thermostat works well , no problems . My only complaint is that the display backlight -LRB- the real reason I bought this thermostat
 This is a Honeywell 7-day programmable thermostat . What this means is it allows you to control individually the temperatures -LRB- up to four times / changes per day -RRB- for each day . Some others group Mon-Fri together which is okay if you 're a 9-5er M-F . What about folks on Weekend shifts and the like ? This is your stat ! Each day in the program window can be set independently or can be grouped if you wish . It allows you set a `` Wake '' time and 2 temps -LRB- 1 for heat , 1 for cool -RRB- , a `` Leave '' time and 2 temps , a `` Return '' time and 2 temps , and a `` Sleep '' time and 2 temps . You can turn off any of these if you wish for days your typically home all day or gone all day . The program sets time to the quarter hour and each temp to the degree . The setup allows you to turn on or off a nice feature of this stat which is automatic switch over . If you have both heat and A/C on your homes HVAC system it can automatically change from heat to cool or back if the tem shifts more than 3 degrees -LRB- I might be wrong there it might be 5 degrees . -RRB- in the wrong direction . So for instance your thermostat is currently in heat mode and is set to 68 . Obviously if the temp drops below 68 it will turn on your furnace or heat pump and begin to heat . However in this example it 's April and it gets warmer in the afternoon . The house temp hits 74 , so the thermostat will change the cycle to cool and run the A/C . You do n't have to use this feature but it is nice for those Spring mornings and afternoons in the Midwest . One more point of clarification it might be three degrees over your `` Cool '' setting for the changeover.The interface and display is easy to use . It 's a simple five button control . Two up and down arrow keys to change the temporary heat or cool setting from the main screen or to change temps and values in the menu screens . There are three hot keys . From the main menu you have `` System & Fan '' , `` Schedule '' , and `` Clock & More '' . The system and fan lets you select your mode -LRB- heat , cool , or off -RRB- , as well as your fan mode -LRB- auto or `` always '' on -RRB- . The fan selection will also let you run the fan even if the system is in `` off '' mode which could be nice just to circulate air thru your home . Schedule let 's you change your scheduled times I talked about above for each day . This is where this thermostat pays for itself . You can have it `` turn up '' the power -LRB- making it warmer in a cold season or cooler in a hot season -RRB- just before you wake up , and then `` turn down '' when you leave ; back up again just before you normally come home and then down again after you go to bed . That way you 're not wasting money paying for heating and cooling you 're not going to notice . The last hot key simply lets you set the clock . When you change the temp from the main screen it shows temporary on the screen . It will revert back the next time a scheduled change occurs . Or you get an option thru a hot key to permanently hold the temp until you hit a hot key that says `` Use Schedule . `` This thermostat requires two AA batteries . The instructions say this unit actually runs off of the 24V AC power provided by the home 's Furnace or Air Handler and the batteries are just for backup in case of power loss . This stat should work for nearly all typical furnace and A/C combos . It will also work for standalone furnaces as well as standalone A/C blower units . In the setup you get many options for configurations . Gas heat , High Efficiency Gas Heat , blower-less gas furnace , Electric Heat Pump , Electric Heat Pump w / emergency heat OR Aux heat , A/C , ect . Configurations that I see no mention of are boilers and multistage heat like the modern gas furnace-heat pump combos . However if you have typical furnace & A/C setup or heat pump setup this unit should work for you . The instructions also come with a wiring guide . Typical installations will be 4 or 5 wire installs . The instructions have a guide to identify each wire and instructions on where to connect it . Also I 've contacted Honeywell 's tech help line and they 're very helpful and informative.I 've installed three of these units so far . The first was in my home that has a typical gas furnace-A/C compressor split system . It 's worked well the last three years and I have noticed the saving on my gas and electric bills . I decided to put one my parents house that has a furnace only two years ago . That was a simple two wire setup . As crazy as it sounds last summer I also put one in my travel trailer -LRB- RV . It required a little research as to how to wire it . But with a little help from my previous thermostat 's wiring guide I figured it out . So I can confirm it will work with a Dometic A/C unit and Suburban propane furnace . In this configuration you still have two wires for a furnace . It activates in heat mode and my furnace blower works fine . This is also the reason I decided to install an electronic thermostat . The old analog units were really inaccurate and left you fiddling with it constantly . Also I can save my propane in those spring and fall trips when I 'm normally away from the trailer thru the day . The A/C took a little more research . It is an non-typical three wire install . I found that Dometic uses an A/C wire and then a -LRB- low -RRB- fan wire and a high-fan wire . The high-fan wire on the old stat had an `` on-off '' switch built into the circuit . There are instructions on the web how to install a switch to preserve this feature but I never used low fan so the easiest way is to wire both the fan and high-fan wires into the fan connector on the thermostat . This is the way the circuit was wired in the old stat with the high-fan switch closed or in other words in the `` on '' position . Other RV equipment manufactures wire their equipment differently as do some newer and older models of Dometic so RESEARCH this install first if you wish to attempt it . When cool mode is activated it turns on the rooftop A/C unit and blower just fine . I have had ZERO problems thus far . One more thing , Honeywell does not support this install , so their tech line will not be able to help you . Ironically this is where I 've noticed the most impressive savings . Certainly not cost wise , but in terms of not having to refill my propane tanks as often . So far it 's really impressing me . On a side note you can still use the `` fan only '' setting by turning the thermostat to `` off '' and turning the fan to `` on '' . My roof top blower kicks on in high mode . Nice in those sping and fall afternoons to open a couple of windows and circulate the air.All in all , Honeywell makes a great set of products . These will keep you more comfortable than an old analog thermostat and save you money . It 's a win-win . I ca n't sing enough praises about how well these units work!UPDATE 9-26-2011 : I 've decided to leave the original review intact as to avoid confusion . However I need to correct and clearify a few things . First , about the physical capabilities of this unit . It IS capable of working with Hybrid-split systems -LRB- that is to say with modern gas furnace-heat pump combos -RRB- as well as boilers / fanless hot water systems . I appologize for getting that wrong . Also it has the capability to work with new two stage heating and cooling systems . These use two wires each for either OR both heating and cooling . So for instance if you believe you have two stage heating you 're old stat should have connections labeled `` W1 '' and `` W2 '' as apposed to a standard furnace having just `` W '' . If you have two stage cooling , you will likely have `` Y1 '' and `` Y2 '' as apposed to just `` Y '' . These systems are pretty uncommon but I thought I would add this in case you are a person looking for a replacement thermostat for such a system . However if you are certain you have a two stage heating or cooling system and it does not have mulitple wires for the side of the system that is multistage , contact the manufacturer . To give a little carity I will include the connections that MOST standard gas furnace and A/C combos will use . RH -LRB- or just R -RRB- and RC , generally these use a common -LRB- same -RRB- wire and most replacement thermostats have a preinstalled jumper -LRB- this one does as well . This provides power to the thermostat from the furnace . If you have seperate RH and RC wires , remove this jumper . `` W '' sends a signal to the furnace to turn on the heating element / burner . `` Y '' is the signal wire for the system to turn on the A/C compressor . `` G '' is the signal wire to turn on the fan / blower . These are the 4 or 5 wires I mensioned in my original review . Also , if you 're using a heat pump instead of a gas furnace , you will likely have an `` O '' or a `` B '' wire inplace of a `` W '' . A couple of other things . As I mensioned this thermostat has an automatic change over feature to allow it to switch between heating and cooling modes automatically . If used , this feature will make the system pretty much hands free requiring almost no user input at all beyond setting the temps . As I mensioned above there is a `` 3 degree seperation '' required by the thermostat . I was n't sure what this was but after re-reading the instructions basically it amounts to simply requiring that the heat temp setting is a minimum of 3 degrees below the cool temp setting . So if you have you 're cool temperature set to 72 , and the closest you 're heat setting can be is 69 . If you turn up the heat setting to 70 , it will bump the cool setting to 73 . However there 's nothing stopping you from having a much more realistic 5 or even 10 degree gap between them . Basically if the temp rises above the cool setting the A/C kicks on , if it drops below the heat setting the furnace -LRB- or heat pump -RRB- turns on , if the temp is in between the two the system sits idle . I hope this carifys any confusion I migt have created with my original review . All-in-all , this is still the BEST digital or replacement thermostat you can buy . A tremendous value , that for both flexibility and saving you money is well worth a 5 star rating !
 I recently installed this t-stat and recommend it . However , there are a few things you need to know upfront to make the installation process a little smoother.I had a direct swap with a manual Honeywell t-stat , so the wiring was easy and even the previously drilled holes worked . I envision that it was the easiest installation possible , yet it took me 45 minutes to get it done ... when programming time is included . I have a gas furnace with A/C , and I 'm guessing things like heat pumps , multi-stage units , etc. can be trickier . So do n't bank on the `` 15 minute installation '' that you read on the packaging . That might be true for Honeywell engineers and HVAC technicians , but not if you 're doing this for the first time.Secondly , read through all of the installation and programming instructions first , including the advanced section , even if you do n't think you 'll need it . That allows you to get the limited tools together you 'll need . Also the advanced section shows you how to change some settings that are referenced in the basic set-up section ... but do n't appear on your t-stat until they are activated by you - using the advanced section.dogfood
 I originally wanted this thermostat but started with the 6400 series because my wife was freezing in the cold weather and our old thermostat was broken.I installed the 6400 first , and got it at Home Depot at the same price Amazon was offering for the 7500 . I would have paid $ 100 for the 7500 there , but they were out of them.I ordered this one after I installed the 6400 because I wanted the 7 day programmability , the furnace filter reminder , and I was hoping not to need batteries , but I have a two wire system , so there is no voltage available when the thermostat calls for heat . Thus , I need to have batteries in it.The furnace wires were pre-tagged , so I did n't need the tags . They included mounting screws and dry wall anchors , but there 's a stud behind the thermostat so I did n't need the anchors.The way to get into the advanced menu is wrong in the instructions . They call for hitting another button , then holding the fan button down for 5 seconds . Other posters say just holding the fan button for 5 seconds is the way to go . I have it programmed for my system -LRB- heat only -RRB- so there 's no reason to revisit it unless we change to a different type of system -LRB- furnace plus A/C , or heat pump , etc. -RRB- I like the 6400 's advanced settings entry better.I trusted the temperature read out in this thermostat , but my wife did n't so she put a thermometer on top of it , and finally admitted it was correct . For whatever reason , her bathroom is a couple degrees warmer than the hall , even though the bathroom opens onto the hall.My thermostat 's back light comes on as soon as push a button , but the function the button controls has a delay in it , so pushing a button to turn on the light does n't change anything . I prefer to hit the schedule button because it might take me to the schedule page , but you have to work at it to change any schedule settings.I thought it was worth $ 69 when I bought it , and now its come down $ 15.00 . Wish I could have waited.The furnace seems to run less now than with my now broken -LRB- pre-Honeywell thermostat -RRB- . About the time I notice the furnace is on , it turns off .
 I was getting up early to turn up the heat on our manual heat pump thermostat . The heat pump would go into auxiliary heat mode which is inefficient , and the temperature would not always be warm enough when we got up . This thermostat automates the process . You set a target temperature for a scheduled wake time and the thermostat calculates when to turn on the heat pump to reach that temperature without using auxiliary heat . In cold weather it will come on several hours ahead of the scheduled wake time , and in milder weather several minutes ahead.Programming is not intuitive and you have to follow the manual carefully , even when you are revising an existing schedule.You can over ride the schedule and raise the temperature manually , but this causes auxiliary heat to come on . It is better to program the thermostat for the temperature you want and let the thermostat do its job without interference .
 After lots of research , finally picked this thermostat . Got for a great price , and decided to buy this instead of the touch screen . The interface was easy enough to use . I installed and set it up in no time at all.One of the features I really like is the temporary temperature setting . While your schedule is running , if you want the temperature to be temporarily higher or lower , you just adjust the temperature , and it holds -LRB- i think until the next scheduled temperature change but I havent verified -RRB- The schedule is then followed as configured . You can also permanently set the temperature , which will ignore your schedule.Love the thermostat , would definitely recommend .
 This is my second one Thermostat working excellent and customer service from Honeywell is excellent . Easy to install and setup
 I have been using this thermostat for about 3 weeks and so far it has been pretty good . One thing I will say is to listen/read to the directions for the wiring very carefully . I had labeled two of the wires incorrectly and its easy to do because my old builder thermostat was a manual and very compact . I ended up calling the Honeywell help line because I could not get the furnace to turn on after installation . If you have the labels wrong and do n't know it all they will do is troubleshoot and in my case it did not fix my mistake . If you ask them about wire colors they will tell you that they do not base it on colors and to call a local electrician . Our house is only 2 years old so the wiring colors actually were correct but they would not give me any direction on color codes , I ended up calling the builders electrician and he told me over the phone . The unit itself is doing well , I have not seen the efficiency of it as of yet due to I have had it less than a month and also because my wife keeps turning it up when I 'm not home LOL . It looks descent on the wall and installation was fairly good except for my mistake above . I ended up only using the screws for installation because my old thermostat was installed near the studs so it went nice and tight against the wall . I have no prior experience with thermostats being a new home owner . I almost went with a LUX but happy with my choice so far .
 How about it does what a thermostat ought to do rather than what most of them actually do . Let me also say I have four of these in three different houses and several years of use . The two most recently purchased came form Amazon for convenience and price . I paid more in the past and had to go shopping to find them.Sure it is programmable and that saves me money , but so are a lot of others . It lets me set different time of day temperatures changes for seven days a week . Okay while I see how some could benefit from that , it is overkill for me . I really only use three settings a day with all weekdays the same and the weekend slightly different.The real magic of these thermostats is that they learn your house and heating system . Within a few days of installation they calculate the heat loss rate of the house and the recovery time of the heating system . The result of this is that they hold temperature within 1 degree of the setting all the time ! This is way different and better than other thermostats that come on when it gets too cold and shut off when the house reaches temperature . These often overshoot on the high end because the house keeps heating after the furnace goes off . No more too hot , too cold , cycling which only gets worse with outside temperature changes . This one holds the temp right on as set all the time and predicts what time to start heating in the morning so the temp is what you want at the set time rather than starting to heat at the set time!I know it is just good technology but it works like magic . It anticipates how much heat is needed and adds that and no more . It is not just about comfort it is about efficiency ! This saves money even if you do n't take full advantage the programming capabilities ... oh and if you do n't want to figure it out , the factory defaults probably work fine for most folks ! 15 minutes to install , really -LRB- ! -RRB- and then it just works . But , if you like to tweak as I do , then knock yourself out customizing the programming .
 I installed this thermostat and removed my old Honeywell mercury round thermostat from the wall . We wanted to reduce our natural gas and electric consumption , save money , improve our home 's temperature control and comfort.This product helped do all of these objectives and more . One of the nice things is that the gas company even sent us a rebate check for part of the expense for buying the thermostat . Make sure that you turn off the power to your furnace and air conditioner before you start removing and wiring the new thermostat . The unit takes two AA batteries which are optional as the device actually runs on a lower voltage AC power that is supplied by the furnace . The batteries provide backup power when you have a power failure.Wiring can be difficult if you do not pay attention . Furnace installers pay no attention to color codes and use whatever multi-conductor wire they have on the truck at the time . Before you unwire your old thermostat label the wires with the wiring labels included with the thermostat package . Thermostat wire should be # 18 AWG wire and not phone or networking cable as it is too thin to carry the current and could be a hazard . As color coding is not standard it is best to label your wires as instructed , you will be glad you did!I had 5 wires and they are labeled : W = Heating callY = Cooling callG = FanR = 24 VAC power to be switchedRc = 24 VAC cooling power to be switched -LRB- If your Cooling system has a separate power supply transformer . -RRB- The above wiring is not for a heat pump furnace ! This is shown only to reference how my furnace was wired.When wiring please note that there is a jumper inside of the unit between the R and Rc positions on the terminal block . Remove the jumper if you have separate 24 VDC power for heating and cooling signals and use both the R and Rc wires.After your wiring is complete you are ready to mount the thermostat and turn the power back on to the furnace and to the air conditioner . Remember there is a red pull tab sticking on the outside of the unit that must be pulled out as it isolated the batteries from operating the unit while not in use.You are now ready to start setting up the features . * Set the time and date * You can set daily program schedules to maximize your comfort and economy * You have one touch control to override the temperature setting at any time . When you use it you can lock the temperature change in or the unit will return back to the scheduled operation at the normal time of setting temperature you have programmed . * The unit has precise temperature measurement within 1 F. * The unit has a nice digital display with backlighting when you are programming it so it is easy to read even at night.You can set : * The fan to auto or on * The system to heat , off or cool * Set a schedule which is the feature we like the most . You can program for example to have the heat come on at 6 AM to 67 , at 8 AM when you go to work or school set 62 , at 6 PM when you come home set 67 and at 10 PM when you go to bed set 62 . * You can set a similar schedule for the air conditioner ! Please note that the thermostat computer has an air conditioner compressor protection timer such that if you turn the AC on and off to fast it will not turn it on immediately to allow the compressor to reach the proper operating conditions before starting . The display will display the message `` Wait '' . This is a powerful environmental computer that can save you money and improve your comfort . Take the time to learn how to use it properly . We enjoy ours and it is an investment that pays you back in cash . Using the Energy star settings for temperature can save you as much as 33 % on your heating and cooling bill!I am sorry for the long review but I just like this product and think everyone should have one !
 My husband was delighted with our new thermostat . . Installation was fastfollowing good instructions ... backlight allows good viewing in the dark . Very pleased with product . Setting the 5/2 programing was a simple procedure following set-up suggestions .
 This is my second programmable thermostat . Years ago , I purchased the Lux TX500E . That thermostat also worked as advertised ... for a while . After a few years of use , the override buttons stopped working as expected . We had to pound on the override buttons in order to manually change the temperature.I am happy with this Honeywell model . I was able to quickly swap out the old thermostat , and programming was really easy . I was pleased to discover that I could program multiple days in one shot , which allowed me to program weekdays all at once , and weekends all at once .
 I got this thermostat to replace a Lux brand programmable thermostat and the difference is like night and day between the two.Installation was a snap - right about at the promised 15 minutes . Granted , I have a simple system - a one-stage furnace and central air - but the wiring was very straightforward . Programming the new unit was simple enough , and while this thermostat allows you to set different programs for each of the seven days , you can also multi-select days if you want , for instance , to set Monday - Friday to the same schedule.The noticeable difference between this unit and our previous one is in the way that it regulates the temperature . Whereas the old one left the furnace off until the temp dropped below the target , and then ran the furnace until the temp was one degree above the target , this thermostat runs the furnace in more frequent , but shorter , bursts , to keep the temp right at the target . Five days in and it has n't wavered off of the target temperature.I 'm very , very pleased with this thermostat . Highly recommended .
 Well , it was n't an easy installation , but I did n't expect it to be . This was my first experience with anything electrical , and I have a heat pump . I anticipated it would take a few hours and it did.First , I called Honeywell on a Saturday afternoon and pleasantly learned a tech was available until 7 pm CST and would be available on Sunday . My next phone call to the tech included wiring questions , and he was extremely knowledgeable , helpful , and patient . Well , I called at 6:15 pm CST and learned that no tech was available . Since I 'd wired the new t-stat , I decided to leave it and keep the heat off during the night . The operating manual , instruction guide , honeywell site , and google search did not answer my questions , so I waited until the next day.I awoke with the house at 61 , but I survived . The tech I spoke with today -LRB- Sunday -RRB- was as good as the one Saturday afternoon . She solved all my issues . I attached the t-stat to the wall , turned on the power , and was pleased to find my house did n't blow up and the t-stat works . Yeah!A few suggestions
 I found this thermostat on sale here at Amazon , just in time because my old thermostat 's LCD was failing . I had never removed or installed one before so I was a little nervous , but it really was as easy as the description says it is . Took about 15 minutes just as described . Instructions are clear and easy to follow . It definitely helps if you are handy with tools -LRB- I am -RRB- but even if you are n't , as long as you can figure out how to use a screwdriver and a drill , you should be fine . The display is big and bright , and the system is easy to navigate . No complaints . So far it has been working fine .
 This was as easy to install as either of the other two I have installed . That is to say , extremely easy.I have n't had any problems so far , with about a month of usage . However , the first progammable thermostat I purchased , to replace an old mercury thermostat , was also from Honeywell . It worked fine , but died , per the cliche ' , a year on , within days of the warranty expiring . I replaced it with a RiteTemp , for about one third the cost . That one lasted for about 5 years . Vastly better , but still uncomfortably short-lived . I 'm not happy with the idea of spending what I regard as a not insignificant sum every few years for what ought to be an item that lasts as long , or nearly so , as the heating system it controls . Mercury thermometers are obviously much , much simpler , both in design and function , but would last as long as your house . Heck , where I live , I do n't heat or cool for several months out of the year , so the working lifespan is pathetically short.I am crossing my fingers , but not holding my breath.We seem to have become a people who expect , desire even , to spend money for replacements . It 's almost as if questioning the apparent built-in obsolence and/or lack of longevity marks one as a cheapskate instead of a consumer with reasonable expectations . Oh , well ... I 'll continue with those expectations . *** I do find this one extremely easy to program . That and the ease of installation are the points upon which I based the 5-star rating . If it dies prematurely , that 'll go down . W-a-y down ...
 Would n't you know it ? My thermo went out in November just as it was growing cold . Having no faith in my ability to install it and having not a spare penny to pay an outlandish house call and then the additional price of labor and parts , I froze for several weeks . I finally went to Home Depot and saw this model and an obviously skilled customer reaching for FOUR of them . I proceeded to interview him and learned he is a long-time small contractor . He played along with my `` 100 questions '' and it all came down to this for him -- great features , excellent quality and easy to install , even for a non-DIYer . The difference between us ? He paid a LOT more for his at the Depot than I did for mine at Amazon . The very next paycheck , I ordered it , received it in two days and had heat - glorious heat - by that afternoon -LRB- I swear my dogs were smiling -RRB- . So proud of myself - a senior cit with arthritic hands and nary a single DIY skill . The instructions made it a no-brainer . And it was fun programming it . -LRB- Hmmm - maybe I can remodel my kitchen myself :o-RRB- . I do love my honey well . And kudos to Amazon .
 Does everything a programmable thermostat should do ... and for a reasonable cost to boot ! Would recommend to anyone who wants to save dollars .
 I had two of these thermostats . One went in and worked just fine , the other required some learning time and at least one call for help . Both are in service and working just fine . Will order two more soon . Dan
 I was very please with the item purchased . It was in great condition and was packaged in a way to avoid damage . I am very excited about receiving this item and I would recommend this dealer to others.Thanks
 So far the thermostat has performed well . The price was by far the lowest at Amazon . The instructions were okay at best . Some information was lacking and contradictory . It took 3 phone calls to tech support to finish the install . 2 of the 3 techs were very knowledgeable , the 3rd took so long to find the answer to my problem I figured it out by myself sooner . However , I would recommend this product .
 I would have given this 5 stars except the installation guide did not have enough details for a heat pump system with aux heat ... 7 wires worth . Plus , an important jump reference in the guide was a few pages off . Had to call the 24-hr . 800 number to get into the system setup . They were VERY helpful ; turned out one button had to be held down more than the guide indicated - about 15 + seconds rather than 5 seconds.The thermostat has worked flawlessly and we are pleased with the operation and options . Very satisfied with this versatile unit , and the low price , makes this is a very best buy !!!
 The programmable termostat is ideal for busy people that do not have time to monitor the heating/cooling in their house . It is easy to program and install .
 I love my new Honeywell ! It does exactly what I want it to do and it is so easy to operate . Plus , it looks pretty cool on my wall . I had heard how easy it was to install , and it was easy -LRB- ish -RRB- but no cake walk . The biggest problem I faced was removing my old dial from the wall , matching up the wires , and then installing them properly into the new thermostat . The wires did n't exactly match the instructions so there was a little trial and error before success . I have n't received my first full gas bill yet , but I 'm hoping that I see a little savings . I definitely recommend this product !
 This product is exactly what I needed . I work abnormal hours with unconventional days off . 7 day progammability is great . It works very well and was very easy to program . I did not even have to read the instruction to program it.Honeywell could have explained what a single stage and multi stage burner were to make it esiaer for a layman and they could also have mentioned that many contractors set up electrical circuits and do n't color code so they have to be called back out for a service call.This is not a problem if a person reconnects the wiring to the same color coded wire , or has a line tracer device .
 We got tired of our old mercury switch and decided to go with something nicer local box store had it for 87 got mine on amazon for 50 love the unit
 This unit is an excellent all around unit for the average install evironment . We have a high efficency gas fired furnace and air conditioning system -LRB- Carrier Infinity Furnace circa 2007 , 1992 vintage air conditioner -RRB- . The unit installed quite easily on the existing 4 wire wiring . As we have a 2 stage heating system -LRB- with its own smart technology -RRB- I was cautious to exploit the 2 stage feature of the furnance and thermostat until I understood how the designed in ` Smart Response Technology ' -LRB- SRT -RRB- of the thermostat worked . So I left the SRT enabled and kept the 4 wire wiring of the furnace in tact . I would suggest that in this configuration this software aspect is more of a selling gimick than a feature . It tracks the temperature rise -LRB- of heat for example -RRB- over some period of cycles and then adjusts the set back time so that the temperature is actually at the preprogrammed temperature upon , say , morning rise . I tracked it for a few days and found that the furnace was actually turning on around 2 hours before rising . Luckily this feature is defeatable through programming . For all other aspects of the unit I found it to be easily installable , programmmable and its usage features are quite friendly . Some of the ` software ' features albiet subtle but are thoughtful . I would recommend this unit for even high efficiency furnances used in a conventional configuration as described.Honeywell does make another series of units that employ ` Adaptive Inteligent Recovery ' which by description is more sophisticated . If you have a 2 stage furnance for example this unit will track temperature over some period of cycles and adjust the cycle up time as the SRT does but with a 5 wire system in place you can hold off the stage 2 firing and operate primarily in the stage 1 mode . Stage 2 would only be enabled under real time demand for heat . One would believe this is a most efficient use of the multistage furnaces . The Carrier Infinity has its own intelligence which after 17 minutes will kick in stage 2 if the return air differential is deemed too cool -LRB- I think -RRB- . I may experiment with the RTH7500D in this operational configuration and may change my mind about the SRT function . Anyone have any other input ?
 I have dual heat pumps . A few notes on my particular installation :1 . If your heat comes on with the cool set , or cool air with the heat set , then change your `` Heat Pump Changeover Valve '' programming . One of my heat pumps energized on heat , and the other on cool , -LRB- different manufacturers -RRB- .2 . Some of my wire connectors on my old thermostats did not have an equivalent on the RTH7500D . For example , my blue colored wires on both units had been connected to `` X '' on the old thermostats , connects to the `` C '' on the new . Orange wire from either `` O `` or `` B '' on the old , goes to `` O/B `` on new . Gray wire was `` W2 '' on old , now `` AUX '' on new then jumped to `` E '' . Once set up , it works well .
 We installed three of these thermostats in our church fellowship hall/gym the last weekend in December . We replace manual thermostats that were frequently being left on . Our previous utility bill was over $ 600 for the holidays , November and December . We got our current utility bill this weekend for December-January . It was less than $ 200 . The weather was the coldest we 've had in North Alabama in several years.We have two 5-2 programmable thermostats in our sanctuary . Based on the savings experienced in the fellowship hall we are replacing the 5-2 thermostats with these 7-day thermostats.Installation was pretty simple . We did call Customer Support on a Saturday morning to get details on the `` no battery '' option . It is mentioned on the packaging but the instructions did not say anything about it . Turned out , we did not have the required wiring for that option . Our experience with batteries in other thermostats is that they last about a year .
 This unit was easy to install and program . Other reviewers have complained that the back light ca n't be turned on without changing the settings . I have found that pressing the `` up '' arrow once activates the back light without changing any settings.I was surprised that none of my substantial set of screwdrivers fit the screws used to hold the wires in place . You will need a screwdriver with a quite narrow flat head to fit in the small holes around the screws.Note that the `` item description '' gives dimensions for the packaging - not the thermostat . The thermostat is approximately 3-3/4 inches tall x 6-1/4 inches wide x 1-1/4 inches deep . Display approx 2-1/2 x 1-1/2 .
 What an awesome programmable thermostat for a great Amazon.com price . I had a White-Rodgers thermostat for nearly 18 years . It still works , but the plastic shell decided to crack when I recently changed the batteries . Preventing the cover from snapping on and staying on . The White-Rodgers was so cumbersome to program . Actually a nightmare . I always had to get the manual out in order to change any programs . So I was n't expecting any other brand of thermostat to be much different , since White-Rodgers still makes my model of thermostat . After some extensive research I decided to go with this model of Honeywell . I 'm very glad I did . The thermostat was so easy to install and program . My 7 year old nephew could probably figure it out . After installing , the on-screen menu guides you through everything . The manual is useful as a reference for the initial set-up -LRB- eg . filter change reminder , auto daylight savings time , etc. -RRB- . After that you need nothing but the unit in your hands . By the way you can set it up and program it while removed from the wall , very convenient . The back-lit display is great , it 's not too bright , not too dim . The LCD display screen is very easy to read . The temperature and all other settings are large enough to easily read . I like the over-ride feature and hold temp . function , great for those extra hot or cold days , or when going on vacation . My old thermostat used 3 AA batteries ??? The Honeywell only uses 2 AA batteries . Plus it has a lithium -LRB- watch cell type -RRB- battery as a back-up . That in itself is great . A lot of others do n't have battery back-up at all . When changing the batteries you have only a small amount of time to do so , or you 'll lose all your programming . Believe me this happened more than a few times with my White-Rodgers . I wo n't have to worry about that anymore with my new Honeywell . The Honeywell thermostats seem very sturdy and durable . Not cheap and flimsy like so many out there today . I almost went for the Honeywell touch-screen . But was afraid it would n't be as reliable as this model with its ' conventional push buttons . I have to say though . After seeing how well made this Honeywell is , I would n't have hesitated on buying the touch-screen model . I have no real regrets in getting this unit over the touch-screen . This unit does everything I need it to and more . Plus it cost less than a touch-sreen model . I guess I do n't have to worry about finger prints on the screen either . Get this thermostat and forget about all the other junk brands out there . Honeywell 's are still quality made . Unlike all the junk coming from China !
 I installed the new thermostat in less than 5 minutes . In fact , most of that 5 minutes was walking over to the breaker panel and shutting off the breaker , and unscrewing the screws holding the old unit , then it did `` installing '' the new unit . The existing holes worked so that also saved me time . If you do n't have to make new mounting holes , the hole `` installation '' really consists of putting two AA batteries in the unit , pulling out the `` remove before service '' tab , and then hooking up 5 wires -LRB- typical -RRB- . Programming the unit is a snap if you 've programmed any digital multi-day lamp timers . Doing that took about an additional minute or two . I thought the screen setup was pretty user friendly , unlike a lot of lamp timers I 've used ! : -RRB- To be honest , I did read the entire installation manual and operations manual front to back before starting , so that added about 10 additional minutes . You should always do that . Instructions ? We do n't need no stinkin ' instructions!One thing I need to note , another reviewer said that when the display was dim , you had to press a button to get the backlight to come back on but when you did that it changed a setting . This is not the case . You DO have to press a button , any button , to get the backlight to turn on , but it DOES NOT change any setting . So , if you want to turn the temperature up , you have to press the `` UP ARROW '' at least two times , the first time turns the backlight on , and the second time adjust the setting.All in all , install should be cake for anybody who has done any sort of handy work around the house . There 's also the chance that the old thermostat will have non-typical wiring . Before starting I popped the cover off my old one and double checked to make sure the wires were n't stoopid . Thankfully everything was standard so install was a snap . I would recommend double checking your current wiring configuration against the manual BEFORE starting to unhook things . You want to have a game plan before starting .
 I wo n't repeat what other reviewers have said ; I really like these thermostats . I want to talk about Honeywell support . I had a difficult application in our little town Library which required two of these thermostats controlling air handlers that overlapped in how the warm air covered the building - a mess , sort of . Our library is open over a 72-hour period and is closed 96 hours , a great oppty for set-back , but needing some `` preheat '' to warm up the furniture and so on so it would be comfortable when people came back -LRB- cold surroundings + warm air = feeling cold -RRB- . The thermostat has a feature wherein it `` learns '' how long it takes to warm up a room ; it 's explained in the pamphlet and is called `` recovery '' . This seemed to interact confusingly with my `` preheat '' idea so I went crying to Honeywell on its web site to get more detail and I got a full , complete explanation , possibly written by the engineer that programmed the chip . This kind of support is what sticks in your memory and makes you glad you bought their product .
 This was easy to install . Perhaps it has to do with the fact that I replaced an old Honeywell thermostat . The system was exactly as was shown in the diagram on the instruction . It was easy to program - I did n't even need to read the instruction . You can program each day 4 separate times -LRB- wake , leave , return , sleep -RRB- . You can program each day differently . Each time you program , you can choose to put a check mark on the days you want the same setting . Then you program the high temp for the cool , and the low temp for the heat . That 's it . There is a back light so it 's easy to check without turning on the light.This is a must here in Texas where morning temp in the winter so far can be as low as 30 and the high can be as high as 75 . We do n't need to keep changing the setting to heat or cool because it does it automatically.We love this so much , we 're getting a second one for the downstairs .
 The product fulfilled all expectations . Now my house temperature is more constant and in the limits I have prescribed . It helped evening out the temperature between first and second floor.Only drawback is that the AC Compressor now starts more often than before , but I guess it is to be expected to better control temperature .
 I owned a Honeywell RTH7400D before buying this thermostat . The difference is that the RTH7400D has a 5-day schedule -LRB- program is the same for Mon-Fri -RRB- and Sat and Sun can be set independently . I sold my old RTH7400D on eBay . I bought the RTH7500D because my work schedule changed , and I wanted the ability to set each day of the week separately , if I wanted to.The RTH7500D allows you to set each day of the week separately.The nice thing is that you do NOT have to set each day separately . You can select all 7 days and set them the same way . Or you can select Tuesday through Thursday and set them one way , and select the rest of the days and set them different . Or , you can select every other day and set a schedule that way.I remember seeing the RTH7500D many years ago , and I thought `` that 's inconvenient -- having to set each day of the week separately '' . But I was wrong . If I had purchased the RTH7500D years ago , then I would n't have had to buy it today!I have used Honeywell for many years , and never had a problem . I found the instructions for wiring to be self-explanatory . The thermostat regulates temperature well -LRB- heating and cooling -RRB- . It keeps time well . I installed it in 15 minutes or so . The display turns on when you touch a button . The batteries last a long time for me -LRB- but then I do n't mess with it much after setting it -RRB- . I purchased it on Amazon for 45 bucks.It does have a feature that will turn-on the heater or A/C as needed -LRB- i.e. , it will select what unit to turn-on based on the temperature you set -RRB- -- instead of manually setting it for heater during winter , or A/C for summer . The thermostat has a 3 degree tolerance with regards to switching between units . However , I do n't use this feature , because I would rather have control over this function .
 I 've had this for over a month and so far I have nothing but praise for this controller . I replaced a 5 +2 digital controller because my wife works 3 days a week outside the house . So , the house was always cooled or heated to comfort temperature even if she was at work . Once I installed this controller , the three days that neither of us are at home , we allow the house to warm up or chill down to gain some savings on power and fuel.Two important features of this controller that make it quite nice are :1 . the temperature setting and time set on the controller is actually the time at which you want the house to be at that temp . So , if I want the house to be at 74F in the summer when my wife gets home at 4:30 pm , I set the thermostat with these settings . The controller `` learns '' over a week 's time , how long it takes for the A/C to cool down the house so it will start the A/C in time to achieve my settings . This learning process is continuous so that as the seasons change , it knows it will take shorter or longer to achieve the desired temperature .2 . The temperature resolution of the thermostat is 0.2 F ; this feature allows the temperature in the house to remain very constant -LRB- I ca n't feel the change -RRB- . I can hear the A/C unit start , run for 10 minutes perhaps and shut down . 20 minutes later , it starts again for a short time and shut down . My previous thermostat would allow the house to warm up or chill down a full degree before starting the A/C or furnace to bring it back.If your schedule requires 7 days programming , this controller is for you , it is very easy to program and reprogram.I saw some reviews about the wiring difficulty , my house was built in 2001 and found no issues when wiring this thermostat in , I did read the whole installation guide to ensure success though.Good luck
 I have a Heil Gas Pack -LRB- AC and Gas heat combo -RRB- on the 1st floor and a split Heil Gas furnance in attic with AC on outside . I ordered 2 of the RTH7500s . I followed the instructions ... removed my old mercury thermostat and simply attached the wires as illustrated . For this kind of single stage system the install was very very simple . The mounting holes even matched my old thermostat.Note - I had considered having a professional do this at $ 200 each , but I 'm really glad I got these from amazon ... and did the job for 1/4 of what I would have paid . Also , some folks have mentioned difficulties in programming this model . It seems pretty straight forward to me -LRB- I did peak at the manual 1st as I read a few post about the programming problems ... so that may prevented me from hitting those pitfalls -RRB- . I had them both installed within 30 - 45 mins.Safety note - I discovered that my circuit break panel box is mislabeled . . and the cutoff for my furnace was not correctly labeled . Take an extra few minutes and validate that your breaker box is correctly labeled and ensure your heating/ac unit is really off.Bottom line - This is a great value from Amazon and a good brand name -LRB- the brand both technicians I called wanted to use -RRB- . Also , Home Depot and Lowes had the RTH7500 for twice the price .
 This is the third thermostat I bought . First got a White Rogers which was cheaply built . Then got a Lux which read the temperature inaccurately and did n't work . Both were difficult to wire and the manuals were bad.Finally bought this one . The internal mechanism makes it a breeze to wire . I agree it is confusing to program , particularly compared to my last Honeywell -LRB- it gave up the ghost -RRB- . Once you have it set up however , it is great . WORKS!Man , we need to move manufacturing back into this country !!!! Tired of wasting time and money on cheap imported junk !
 Our old cheap thermostat finally broke on us and we needed one with the additional prongs . This one was a perfect fit and has been working great !
 It was very easy to install and it worked great the first time it engaged @ 62F . The price was very reasonable.I highly recommend this thermostat .
 I 'm pretty handy around the house ; never have changed out a thermostat . Turns out this was very easy to do and there is no hard part to it at all . The instructions were very clear and set-up of the programs is straight-forward . The manuals that come with it are clearly written . Programming is simple and much easier that other digital thermostats I 've used . So far this is money well-spent and Amazon is $ 20 + cheaper than Home Depot .
 Was a breeze to install and works well . Also took out the smart system and set in on my own.Only had a issue with a brown wire which happened to be `` C '' i guess for copper.Works like a charm .
 1st off I read the quick install instructions a handful of times and the troubleshooting section of both pamphlets before tackling a mechanical -LRB- original to the house -RRB- thermostat switch to this new one . 1 word of advise is when pulling the old unit off the wall , not only securely label the wires , but take a picture with the original wires on the original thermostat and then once labeled . That can save you quite a bit of time and frustration if you are caught second guessing your labeling or any jumpered connections.After that it was just the process of physically removing the old unit , lining up the new back plate with a level and over the existing hole . Mark your new mounting holes , tap in the drywall screw anchors , mount the new back plate . Then wire up the wires to the ones labeled on the plate . Yes it is intimidating even for a practiced novice , as I have done this 2 other times . Just take your time , triple check . And always turn the circuit breaker off and even flip the switch on the furnace to off just to make sure you do n't go powering up any system when you put the front on the unit.Didn ' t have to call the 800 # , but is nice to know Honeywell is there with someone that can look up your unit , and track down the proper wiring order if you need the help . Just keep in mind that the 1st time everything is powered on and available to to the thermostat there is a 5 minute time that it is figuring things out and doing a self test . Do n't panic and start switching between the different heat/cold systems . Just wait 5-10 minutes set to one setting and one system , heat or cool.Mine took a little more than 5 minutes but then everything kicked on and cycled through all the phases and just worked . I like these units , because the default configuration is for most homes , but if you have 2 phases of any system or something special there are ways to configure those settings . In that case I would call the 800 # and have them walk you through . Beats paying 100s for a HVAC tech to come out and swap out the thermostat . As always do your homework and reading before purchasing to make sure the unit is compatible with your equipment . Happy heating and cooling !
 Very simple to install and simple to operate . Have used the schedule features since day one and have had no problems . Highly recommend this product .
 The specs are good and it works well , but if you have an older thermostat that has no letters labeling each wire connection , the people at the Honeywell 800 number ca n't / wo n't help you with the install.When I saw all of the information regarding calling the 800 number , it gave me a sense of confidence that I could do it , but I ended up calling a heating and cooling guy to do the install . So do n't believe the hype about the 800 number unless your current thermostat has labeled connections.If you 've done this before , you also might know what to look for even if you do n't have labeled connections on your thermostat.It works well . It lights when you push any button . It 's easy to program and easy to manually control.The housing/buttons seem a little flimsy as you can hear creaking plastic when you push the buttons , but overall it 's doing the job I expected it to .
 This thermostat replaced the junkie one that our new house had . Had it installed in under an hour . Works great with my heat pump unit . What really surprised me was how much you can customize each day . You can set the temperature to when you wake up , leave , come back , and go to sleep . It can be done differently for each individual day if desired . I finally do n't have to go to the thermostat to adjust anything . If for any reason the temperature needs to be changed , it goes into a temporary setting until the next cycle in the program kicks in . This was purchased through one of Amazon 's vendors . The shipping was incredibly fast . Purchased it on Thursday afternoon and had it home on Monday . This unit does not automatically save you money in your power bill . Obviously you have to determine what times and temperatures you are willing to live with . Seen complaints that no savings were noted , but then the temperature settings were set to 70 degrees 24/7 when the outside temperature averages 90 degrees . Sounds like a no brainer , but I see and hear that complaint over and over . Bottome line is , I love it and definitely recomend it to anyone with a heat pump system .
 I purchased this thermostat recently to upgrade from our standard builders grade programable thermostat . I just installed this a couple weeks ago and so far it is working great . The install was very easy and tok me about 20 mis from start to finish . Programming on this unit is extremely easy and i like that you can program multiple days at once for the same settings . You can also fine tune each day seperately if you choose.The only thing i dont like is that you can not change the sensitivity of the unit . It turns on with every full 1 degree of change instead of the 2 degrees that our old unit did . This is not really that big of a deal.We have two seperate zones , one for downstairs and one for upstairs , and we have had no issues . I think this a good budget prgramable unit and i would purchase it again . Does everything it is supposed to do .
 So far , so good . I bought this to replace an old rite-temp unit I installed over 6 years ago . It installed with ease , but I have not programmed it yet . I will take care of that this week . The screen and controls are easy to see and operate also .
 Highly recommendable product , I can suggest every home to install one if you dont have one yet . This thermostat is designed with so comprehensive ideas behind that it provides very smart and logical functions . Earlier , I bought Hunter Fans thermostat but the wall plate and body does not fit well , and the contacts are not reliable so I returned for refund . And , I bought this used item to save money and it did not come with installation instruction . When i asked for help , the seller emailed me with web page link and I could finish install in an hour . Excellent product .
 It was easy to install and program . It keeps the temperature very close to the programmed value -LRB- never saw it off a degree -RRB- . Great product .
 This is a replace for my non-programmable White-Roders 1F79 which also makes a clicking noise when turned on so I guess Im use to it . I was hoping to find something not as expensive as this product but Im sure its the quality of Honeywell . I have a heat pump system with aux heat and I was pretty much limited on which unit I can purchase , not too much out there my system is capatible with . Installation was n't too bad as the wiring setup is very similar to my ole stat . Never done this before and didnt have too much trouble seting up the wiring , just read the instructions . Not using the smart response it comes on several hours too early to attempt to be at the temp and time you set , I just program it to be running an hour prior the set time to be awake and back from work , should save lots of dough with this stat , luv it .
 I have been wanting to get a programable thermostat for a long time . I am glad I finaly did . This product is awesome . Very easy to install and program . Keeps the house at the temprature I set . It has programs for all 7 days of the week and 4 different time periods . Makes it very easy to take advantage of rate changes throughout the day .
 I have had Honeywell programmable thermostats before , and this one works as well as the others . The programming is a little slow being 7-day but it 's worth it for the flexibility with your daily schedule . If you have a heat pump system as I do it 's one of the best priced with 7-day programming I found .
 I really like the size of the screen . It is easy to read.My old digital thermostat had a tiny screen . It was very hard to read . The Honeywell RTH7500D has a nice large screen that is easy to read and easy on the eyes.It was easy for me to install as I was replacing it with a similar digital thermostat.I 'm very happy with the Honeywell RTH7500D . The only change I would have made is going to a touch screen which is more of my personal preference.Read all the directions first , before the install .
 This was easy to install and program . The backlitlight is perfect when and if you want to make a adjustment late at night .
 Thermostat was easy to install and program . Directions were straightforward . Reads temperature accurately . Already saving me money on heating . I recommend it .
 I have been wanting a programmable thermostat for some time . This model has been great so far ! Our first gas bill was almost half of what it was the previous year for the same time period . It is very easy to program and install . The individual day programming is nice as is the filter reminder . We have been very happy .
 Great thermostat . Have a heat pump with emergency heat , so it dramatically limited the number of thermostats that would do the job . Took the old thermostat off the wall , mounted the new base with wiring , and performed the initial programming before ` snapping ' the base and the CPU/Display together . A breeze and much better than the standard Honeywell thermostat it replaced . I recommend this thermostat highly and Amazon was $ 20 cheaper then purchasing at Lowes . Hard to believe , the HVAC company wanted $ 500 for this thermostat and the labor to install it . Took about 60 minutes to install and program . GO AMAZON !
 Gave this to our son for Christmas . It was easy to install and easy to program ... he loves it .
 I have been meaning to replace my original Bryant thermostat that came with the original one-stage furnace for about a year now . I have not been pleased with the larger temperature fluctuations between heating cycles in the winter -LRB- + / -3 degrees or so -RRB- when it is really cold . This unit does cycle more often only because it is programmed to keep the nominal temperature to within one degree difference from the setting temp . This keeps a more comfortable average feeling in the house and each cycle is not as long compared to the huff and puff workout the furnace used to make up the 3 degree loss.Being able to set four settings per day for all 7 days was an added benefit I was willing to pay for . The size of the housing and display is much larger than my original housing but for the added features and display information , I feel it a fair trade-off and am already used to it.I also wanted to compliment the new Honeywell IAQ True Steam humidifier I personally installed in December to combat the annoying prolonged dryness that is associated with the wacky Ohio winter season , especially at night . This thermostat does not control the humidity setting because I had to stick with the original 5-strand wiring in the wall , otherwise I would have purchased the upgraded Honeywell thermostat that does monitor humidity . Controlling the humidity with a separate humidistat at the furnace is no problem for me.This thermostat does NOT have a `` noisy '' and `` annoying '' click sound others have complained about . It does provide a very subtle click , compared to my silent original stat when cycling on and off , but the Honeywell click sound is in no way a huge distraction.The install instructions were a snap , it fit my current wall screw positions and the programming was not difficult at all . The back lighting comes in real handy in the dark when adjusting settings or modes , etc. . No more squinting from turning on a harsh light in the middle of the night to make sure I still have a GOOD heat setting!This is a great product . Amazon 's lowest price -LRB- $ 15 to $ 20 less -RRB- compared to other online competing prices pushed me over the edge to finally make the purchase ... and shipping was free !
 I recently added three of these to the three zones in our new house . I chose this model over others because it was quite similar to the non-timer thermostats our builder had installed . That may have simplified installation somewhat ; the hole spacing was the same and all I had to do was match up the wire colors .5 minutes with the instruction manual was enough to figure the thing out , a refreshing difference from various other small consumer devices . It does what it is supposed to , and should pay for itself pretty quickly in reduced heating bills.The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is that one of the three units I purchased failed after a month . But as the other two are functioning perfectly and Honeywell agreed to exchange the broken one , I suspect the failure was a freak occurrence rather than something systemic.Bottom line - a simple , well-designed product .
 Very pleased with this thermostat . Installation does require some basic heating/AC knowledge . Programming and setup are time consuming , but absolutely worth it ! Once you program it , you can leave it and forget it and let it start saving money for you .
 I 'm not a home improvement guru by any means . I was able to install this myself with no difficulty . It works great and the energy savings are noticable . I like this product and recommend it .
 I have 2 forced air systems that are 22 years old and I wanted to get 2 thermostats that I could use when I upgraded the system to a newer multi-stage system . These worked out of the box perfectly . I do n't know how much money they will save me but they have been reliable so far . They have quite a number of settings but I 've kept them pretty simple . I would definitely recommend them .
 I installed this unit today on a Trane Heat Pump system . I spent 5 minutes on the phone with Honeywell 's tech support to verify wiring before I started . After that ... I installed and programmed in 20 minutes or so . Installation instructions were very easy to follow and made perfect sense . I 'm very impressed with how this unit maintains the exact temp you select . It works ... what more can I say . I will add that I installed a Hunter touch screen thermostat a couple of months ago on my parents home 's Trane system . There is truly no comparison between the Hunter and the Honeywell . Instructions for the Hunter were terrible . The programming is also very difficult and makes no sense for the Hunter .
 The product was as advertised . I 've had good experience with all Honeywell thermostats so far . Easy to install and the temperature reading seems really accurate . I replaced a 20 year old thermostat with it and it made a big difference . I 'm saving more energy now .
 If you 're looking for a Thermostat that works with your Heat Pump , then get this product . I 've had others and I really ca n't say this is better , but it works just like it is suppose to work . IMPORTANT ... read the two manuals supplied . Do n't even pick up the unit and fiddle with it , not that it will make any difference in the way it performs , but the two books are your best friend . This unit is a little more complex than your standard -LRB- just turn on the furnace & air conditioner -RRB- type of unit . If you have ever connected a thermostat before in your life , then you can do this one . I bought it for the Heat Pump capabilities . Normally , I would not need suck a capable unit , but with a Heat Pump , you need the features this product offers you.Do the installation during normal work hours . If you already have a working thermostat , leave it alone until you can start during normal work hours just in case you have some questions or trouble understanding what you are reading . That way , you can call the toll free Help Desk and they WILL get you through it . In most cases , you wo n't have any problems if you READ THE MATERIAL FIRST.You should start reading the Quick Installation Guide first . Get a favorite drink -LRB- one that wo n't cloud your mind -RRB- and read it cover to cover . Then read the Operating Manual , get another drink if you have to , but read them BOTH BEFORE YOU ATTEMPT the installation . This will save you a lot of frustration . This is not a difficult unit to install , however , there are a lot of functions built into this unit and you got what you paid for ... a good thermostat . By reading the process of putting on the wall , wiring , and setting it up and so forth , it will help you understand all the features and all the other information you need to be aware of before you rip if off the wall and write some inaccurate post on this site and blaming Honeywell . No , I do n't work for Honeywell , but they are not the blame for you not reading and understanding their instructions . I recommend this unit to anyone who owns a home and has a Heat Pump . It does n't matter what kind of Heat Pump you own , this unit will do the trick . Once you have the wall plate unit wired up , you can program the thermostat before you actually snap it into the wall plate . I recommend you do it this way and to do so , you will need two AA batteries installed.The unit is pretty straight forward . If you do n't understand anything , call the Help Desk . It works great and will last you for years if you take care of it .
 I bought this unit in 2007 and the unit is still going strong . It was relatively easy to install and worked the first go around , with an older natural gas furnace from maybe 80 's . The temperature settings work well and kick on and off as expected . I would buy this unit again without hesitation . This unit only controls the furnace .
 I wanted a programmable model and this one seems to fit the bill . Appears to be very accurate . Easy to install but the instructions are a little quirky especially if your wires do n't seem to match up , mine did n't but after a couple of reads to be sure everything was hooked up it 's worked without a hitch .
 I purchased two of these to run the 2 separate heating and cooling systems in my home . Both were identical in quality and operation and their temperature measurements matched when sitting side-by-side . I 'll be honest , there are three things I really do n't like about this thermostat . The first is that it makes a clicking noise every time the A/C comes on -LRB- probably when the heat comes on too -RRB- . Second , the quality of the screen is n't all that great . When the light 's on you can see some discoloration on the left side . Third , it seems flimsy -- qualitative but telling . It just feels like it could break when I put it on/take it off the wall -LRB- something I 'll only do a few times in it 's lifetime , mind you -RRB- . That being said , I gave it 4 stars because I felt it was a great value for the price . Removing the old thermostats and installing the new ones took less than 15 minutes each after a 5-minute call to customer service . If you 're the least bit mechanically-inclined it should be a breeze . The only challenging task I had was making a jumper to connect two terminals , but again , not that bad.The programming is pretty straight-forward and clear . The users manual provides good instructions on everything you 'll need to know to get it working the way you 'd like.I ca n't comment yet on efficiency -- I know it 's saving me money but I 'm not sure how much .
 I researched programmable thermostats extensively before choosing this one . I even contacted Honeywell through their website to confirm which models would be suitable to replace my old mercury , 2-wire model . They got back to be quickly -LRB- on a weekend , no less ! -RRB- and I strongly suggest anyone considering a Honeywell do the same.I also found a blog post that was really helpful with installation
 I needed a thermostat for my purchased house . I went to local Lowes and Homedepot . I found out the same model in Amazon is the most lowest price . I did not have experience for install a thermostat . The instruction is ok and youtube is very helpful for installation especially for a newbie like me . It took me only 20 minutes to install . Now I can save some money in the coming winter .
 I like the tremmostat for the price that I bought from amazon . You can set it to use it as manual for heating and cooling or you can set it on auto and it will change fron heating to cooling automatically . It 's nice when it 's hot in the day time to have the air conditioner on and the heat comes on at nigt if you need it .
 I 'd been meaning to get a programmable thermostat for a while . Honestly , this is my first one . But I really did n't have any trouble installing it . The worst part was removing my really old , round , mercury-based thermostat . That was the hardest part . The install was easy . One wire was a little tricky but after a few tries , I got it to fasten down well.It 's easy to understand and use . The temperature has also been very accurate -LRB- I have an independent digital thermometer - the old thermostat was in desperate need of calibration so it was always at least a few degrees off -RRB- . It has also maintained my programming through power outages .
 As advertised , it is easy to install and if it lasts , it will have been a good product for a good price . Two things I do n't like ... as others have said the backlight goes out after 5 seconds when you may not be done looking at the screen and it has a louder click when it comes on . Both issues are pretty minor and would n't detract me from buying it .
 The biggest advantage of this and the next touch model is the Auto feature not found in the 5-1-1 Honeywell thermostats . Once a certain temperature is set it auto Cools/Heats to keep the temperature within 3 degrees of the set value , a very useful feature when temperatures vary drastically in a course of few days . The control buttons always work unlike the touch units . When configured correctly this unit can save a lot on electricity over conventional models . The energy it saves will pay for itself .
 I was tired of constantly adjusting the old mercury thermostat to obtain a comfortable room temperature throughout the day . The Honeywell Thermostat was very easy to install and program . Now the temp is properly regulated without me having to make multiple changes each day .
 My problem was not your thermostat , I had another problem with a burnt limit switch which caused the thermostat to have the emergency heat to come on.Thanks for taking it back with no fault of yours .
 This thermostat was very easy to install on my system . I have a propane gas furnace and an electric air conditioner . Setup was easy and it works great . Just set up you desired temperatures and it does everything else .
 This was easy to install and program . My old thermostat kept track of how long the A \ C or heat ran each day , a feature I miss . The backlit light is perfect when and if you want to make a adjustment late at night . I like this product and recommend it .
 Normal shipping delivered product with no damage and quicker than expected . Instructions for the installation were reasonably thorough with only one of the possible wire leads not specifically identified for my particular setup -LRB- Heat pump with backup heat -RRB- . The physical mounting was easy and so far the unit has been functioning with no problems . It is easy to operate and the instructions cover all the functions . In summary , so far so good .
 I literally had the old one out and new digital one working in minutes . It took me longer to program the 7 day schedule than it did to disconnect the conventional one and wire up this one .
 Does everything i want it too and is just as good as the other model except its not touch screen .
 This thermostat helps keep the temperature stable using an old furnace . My unit was constantly running , but now temperature is more consistent .
 This Honeywell thermostat was easy to install . It does short out every once in a while . I 'm not sure if it is my problem or the thermostat . It has n't bothered me enough to send it back , yet.The one negative I see in the design is that the buttons are not very intuitive . I guess I 'm spoiled by iphones and other intuitive devices . This device just does n't compare .
 I found the Honeywell RTH7500D to be an excellent product . The temperature accuracy has been spot on . I 'm using it with a 2 wire heat-only system . It was time to upgrade from the mechanical Honeywell CT87K rotary dial , mercury free , model . So far , the RTH7500D has been very reliable . It 's easy to program and the only maintenance required will be to change the 2 AA batteries when the LO BATT warning appears , or once a year as suggested by Honeywell.Programming takes two presses of a button , if the display is off . The first button press is to turn on the display . When programming , the display will remain on as long as you 're pressing a button before the time-out . Unfortunately , there 's no way to program the display to remain on , or to set the amount of time before it times out . The backlighting intensity can not be adjusted , either . These moves by Honeywell are probably to prolong the battery life . The RTH7500D model I got makes a click , throughout the heating process . Usually these types of devices do that , so it was no surprise . Anyone that installs it in their bedroom , or in the room they sleep in , may find the click annoying . The RTH7500D can be programmed to be fully automatic , fully manual or both modes can be used together . For instance , you can temporarily override the schedule by pressing the Up/Down buttons or press HOLD to permanently override the schedule . To undo the permanent HOLD or temporary manual override , simply press Use Schedule . Scheduling can also be totally turned off . Just set WAKE , LEAVE , RETURN , SLEEP to the lowest Fahrenheit/celsius number . It 's quite a versatile device.The display is small . It would have been nice if Honeywell had used more of the real-estate for a larger display.Approximate measurements : BodyL 6 inchesH 33/4 inchesW 11/4 inchesDisplayL 23/4 inchesH 11/2 inchesAlthough setup can be very easy or more involved , based upon the wiring and system used , it would n't be a bad idea to take a look at the `` Quick Installation Guide '' and use the 2 steps , mentioned , to access the `` Advanced Installation '' settings . There , you can turn on or off the `` Smart Response Technology '' and to configure the following function codes , settings and options.NOTE
 The install guide was clear and installation was quick with no problems . I do n't have a complicated system , 1-stage heat/cool . The furnace is a natural gas high efficiancy -LRB- HE -RRB- warm air system . Programming was simple and provided a catagory for the HE furnace heating cycle rate . It holds the set point temperature very well . It 's been too cool to test central air but I do n't expect a problem.Programmable options that influenced my purchase include
 The thermostat works well . I has already started saying money and makes the home more comfortable by setting the temperature higher while we are home . It was a breeze to install .
 Replaced our old bulky one with this one and we love it ! It offers the same programming functionality with a simpler approach and just 5 buttons ! Looks sleek and clean . Great price !
 My wife has been on me for quite some time to upgrade the older electronic thermostat.The buttons , after hundreds or thousands of pushes , stopped responding without a lot of pressure.And the old one did not have back lighting.So I grabbed this model from Amazon after looking around at a whole bunch of different models.I even bought this unit from a DIY retailer before checking here first . Big mistake as amazon was HALFthe retailers price.So far so good for the new thermostat . Have n't really had time to program the days in but it 's not winter yet here in Chicago.The back lighting is incredibly bright for the middle of the night temp changes . I believe it is keeping the temp exactly wherewe want it on a consistent basis too . Easy to install for me but I 've done quite a bit of construction work in the past , still thinka novice should get this installed in under 30 minutes or less .
 This is the second programmable thermostat we 've had , but this one is far more versatile and useful for us . We like the fact that we can program heating or cooling settings for all seven days of the week ; our previous thermostat only allowed us to program the weekdays -LRB- Monday through Friday -RRB- and the weekends . It is easy to program , too , and it has provisions for raising or lowering the temperature when the weather changes dramatically , just as it did on October 5 , 2012 , in Fort Wayne , when the outside temperature fell steadily and it was much colder than usual . We really are enjoying this thermostat and will probably find it very useful to the years to come .
 Unit was easy to install even on a very old propane furnace . Had to speak with tech support and they were very helpful . It has really increased the fuel efficiency and is saving us money every day . It will pay for itself in no time . It 's easy to program and I like the fact I do n't have to put it on hold to increase the temp for a little bit .
 I bought two of these . One for my house and one for another home I own . It was very easy to install and set up . Keeps the Temperature right where you want it . I ca n't wait to get the other one installed in my house . I know it will be a money saver for us.I like that it can be programmed or used manually . Great Product .
 I have an electric heat pump with a heating oil -LRB- fuel oil -RRB- back up system . One or two of the wires to the old thermostat did not match up according to instructions but with an educated guess and a call to Honeywell to confirm , I found that I had wired them correctly . Fortunately , I suppose ... my heating oil tank went dry a few days after I installed this thermostat . So I thought the thermostat was not functioning properly . This forced me to go back through the programming steps and call the Honeywell Customer Service Rep. , who was very helpful . I say this was fortunate because I found that I had not properly programmed the backup system and settings on the thermostat 's computer.I describe this in order to convey that the programming is a bit involved with backup or emergency heat systems . But if you work though it carefully with the instruction code book , it can be done with some confidence . One feature which bothered me is that the unit is set to heat the home up to the desired temperature before the time which you input . In other words , if you program it to warm to 72 degrees at 6pm , the heat kicks on before that time in order to have the house temperature at 72F by 6pm . This is not a feature I wanted to use , so I had to ask the Honeywell Representative about this . I was told where in the code instructions this setting can be changed . There are about 8 to 10 programming steps , so just be careful and take your time going through them one at a time and you will have a nice thermostat .
 Was easy to install . Directions were easy to read to program . It keeps the house at set temperature.Would recommend this thermostat .
 This T-stat is compatible with a variety of Heat/AC systems . Installation is not too difficult . It 's important to pay attention to the instructions . Be sure to tag your wires before disconnecting your old t-stat . We took a photo of ours before disconnecting which helped.It functions well . The interface is a little quirky but its easy to figure out and become familiar with it . The programming feature will be nice to use , but not sure if I will have use for the auto changeover feature in our climate.The display is somewhat cheap looking but it is easy to read which was one reason why we upgraded to this product.When we opened the package we discovered that Honeywell covers the display with a sticker that leaves a heavy residue . It took 15 or 20 minutes of light , careful scrubbing with WD-40 and soft cloth to remove it.Very satisfied with this purchase .
 Easy installation in 15 minutez , easy to program , easy to test and provide the confort expected . The only minor issue is that the relay is somehow noisy each time the thermosthat start or stops .
 This was relatively easy . The product came . I installed it the same day . The only thing that gave me trouble were the tiny screws I had to loosen that were attaching the four wires . One came off easy and the others were too tight . I finally got vise grips to use with the tiny screw driver and that did the trick . Took about 30 - 45 minutes . If the screws had not been so stubborn it would have been easier . I try to do most of the repairs here myself . My husband has Alzheimer 's so we are very careful with our purchases . Thank you .
 Pros : The product is very easy to install . It brings a page of stickers so you can label your existing wiring when you remove the old thermostat . Then you simply match up the wiring with the new Honeywell thermostat.Cons : The included instruction booklet does not have all the operating instructions . I had to download the PDF booklet from the web . The configuration of the thermostat is not easy or intuitive . Its rocket science , take your time , read each step several times , and it should finally click . Once you figure out , it all gets easy . This is the reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5 . Additional Info : Depending on your thermostat wiring and type of heating/cooling units , you may need to do a little more research . There is a common standard for wiring but the contractor did/does not necessarily follow it during installation . I have two thermostats , upstairs/downstairs . My downstairs one had a lot more wires then the upstairs one which confused me . I opened the heating unit to see how the wires were attached to the control panel and found that the upstairs one was incorrectly wired to the unit . I had to fix that issue before I could continue to install the new thermostats.Thermostat common wiring colors :[ ... -RSB- UpstairsR - red wire -LRB- power -RRB- Y - yellow wire -LRB- cooling -RRB- W - white wire -LRB- heating -RRB- DownstairsB - blue wire -LRB- common -RRB- 24vUW2 - green wire -LRB- fan relay -RRB- W1 - white wire -LRB- heating -RRB- R - red wire -LRB- power -RRB- O - orange wire -LRB- heat pump -RRB- Not used by me , i did not connect this one.Y1 - yellow wire -LRB- cooling -RRB-
 I changed my Honeywell manual set up control with this here are pros :1 . It was very easy to replace and connect2 . Was easy to set up , but please read the instructions3 . It works fine , no problems or any type of issues . Just as it should .4 . Lights up when you press the buttons , which allows to see in a dark room without turning on the lightsConsThe only thing I wish it had was a way to see the whole day programming in one step , but I can understand why you can see this only as you progress , to allow editing , plus the fact that you can copy the setting.Bottom line , I am happy with it and happier that I paid less than if bought at at Lowes or HomeDepot .
 Very good product . I am very satisfied now . It works much better than LUX and my old Trane BAYSTAT240A . Thanks .
 Since its introduction in 1953 , Honeywell has reportedly sold more than 58 million of these T-86 round thermostats . That 's an amazing number . And there 's a reason they 're so popular
 I have a very old Warm Morning wall furnace that my grandfather put in the house nearly 50 years ago.I needed a new thermostadt because with the one that had been installed by a local repair man was way off on the settings.You could set that thermostadt on 68 degrees and the furnace would not shut off till it hit 75 degrees or come back on till it dropped down to 68 . I put up with that for several years and finally had enough of that.I knew what I needed and instead of calling another repairman who was half the age of the furnace I started looking for what I knew to be realiable and that was the Honeywell heat only thermostadt.No one had it for heat only but Amazon.com had it for $ 29.00 plus free shipping.I placed the order and had the thermostadt in a few days and put it on . They are a little different than the old ones but the results are the same.You can set this one on 70 degrees and when it hits that point the furnace shuts off . It will drop 2 degrees to 68 and come back on and that 's perfect . My old house is so much more comfortable now and I 'm saving money to boot.If you need a single purpose thermostadt for an old furnace this is the one to buy . Skip the rest and buy the best for less than 30 bucks .
 A few reviews indicate this thermostat is cheap . I disagree . This product is built much better than all other competitive products . Designed for ` heat only ' , it keeps my interior room well within designed and preset tolerance range . I use this thermostat to control the temperature in my 900sqft garage , which has in-floor radiant heat tubes . Works very well . -LRB- Before this purchase , I had installed a ` cheap ' thermostat from the local hardware store . Very disappointed , as temperatures would fluctuate about 10-degrees from set-point . The ` cheap ' thermostat went into the trash-can immediately when this Honeywell product arrived -RRB- . Also , as a ` side-note ' ... I have always had very good luck with Amazon . Very good transaction service , and very quick delivery with all products purchased . Thanks !
 I had an old thermostat in my 1971 condo . The thing did n't work well , so I needed to find another thermostat that was HEAT ONLY . I found this on Amazon and decided to take the plunge . I was not disappointed . It took me about 5 minutes to hook up to the existing wires where my old thermostat was . The instructions are clear and easy to follow . This even comes with a white backplate -LRB- not shown on the picture -RRB- that can be mounted on the back of this , in case the previous hole in the wall is not covered fully by this unit .
 amazon said Honeywell CT87K heat only thermostat is in stock and ships from amazon . So how come it did not ship in 1 or 2 days . ? do n't know how good the item is since amazon ships at snal speed . Some companies ship same day on orders before 1
 This was a white and red wire only . They are low voltage so easy to work with . The posts in the thermostat were clearly marked . I used a single , small screw driver , it took 5 minutes . It worked straight away and has since . If you * D * E * S * P * I * S * E * the new fancy programmable thermostats because they are a major P. I. T. A. to work with then this is the inexpensive answer to undo this rather unnecessary automation in your life . I turn it to 60 at night then when I wake up it goes to 64 , then when I leave for work I turn it off . Do I really need a fancy poorly designed hard to use console to handle this part of my life ? No - so this is my answer . SIMPLIFY !!
 We had to replace our existing thermostat so we could lower the temperature to forty eight degrees while we were away from our PA home in the winter . This thermostat installed easily , was inexpensive and performs well
 I really like the simplicity in design on this one ! No programming or frustrating digital controls , very simple and easy to use and install . I am puzzled by some of the negative reviews as I find this to be a perfect thermostat , in fact I just ordered a second one for a friend .
 The thermostat does n't show room temp . Either broken or defect . not sure . Seems to be stuck on 65 degrees ambient room temp . Setting the furnace temp is fine .
 Purchased this thermostat to replace an old , basic , square one that controlled our pellet stove . This one works much better ! Easy to read what temp you 're setting and also easy to see what the current room temp is . Works perfectly for our set-up .
 The item is well constructed and attachment is simple . It provides a positive anchor point for use on a service mast allowing for clearance against the building siding .
 Never could get it to work correct . Now I am stuck with it . Honeywell will not honor it 's one year warranty . I have had the unit two and one half months . Honeywell claims Amazon sells old seconds.Edit
 This thermostat is far more accurate than the old mercury manual one . Is easy to set up and use . At less than half the price of a new one .
 I purchased this unit -LRB- RTH7400D - LOWES Item 183786 -RRB- to replace an older 5-1-1 thermostat that stopped working . The unit was very easy to install , but this is probably because my HVAC system is a very common central gas heat with electric A/C unit . The only wires on my system are G-Y-W-R , and my wires are color coded so its super easy to get it right ; took me less than five minutes to install . It took about 15 minutes to set up the schedule and change some of the advanced settings . The system so far is working perfectly with one small issue - the thermostat seems to read about one degree warmer than it actually is , not a huge deal especially at this price point -LRB- less than forty dollars -RRB- . I like that you can program the schedule as a 5-1-1 or 5-2 day thermostat , this saves a little time if you want Saturday and Sunday to be on the same schedule , my old 5-1-1 unit required me to program Saturday and Sunday separately . I did not like however , the fact that programming for heat and A/C are on the same time schedule . I would prefer to have my A/C & heat settings on two independent time schedules , which is how my old unit worked . Since electric rates vary by time of day it is more economical to set up an A/C schedule based on my electric time plan , whereas natural gas rates are fixed , and I would prefer to schedule the heat closer to my wake/leave/return / sleep schedule . Being able to remove the main unit from the wall plate is a nice touch , this allows you to program the unit wherever you please instead of standing at the wall.One other note , the advanced settings are code based , i.e. not text descriptors , so you will need the manual to change any of the advanced settings . A pdf copy of the manual can be found here
 Weekend and Weedday settings . I did not think we needed these but since it was so cheap we decided to get this thermostat . Works grat , but I can not get the fan to run by itself . Not sure why , but I also do not care . We DO use the memory or `` be at temperature '' at the right time feature of this thermostat . For the price you ca n't find another thermostat that is this good . I recommend this over goign to the store and buying another .
 This thermostat seems to be a functional unit , not a bad deal for the money . My order shipped from several facilities , taking a couple of extra days to get them all , but all in all a smooth transaction .
 It appears this is an older model and therefore discounted significantly . It was easy to install and has worked flawlessly with my baseboard water circulation heater . Highly recommended .
 I installed two of these in my house without problems in less than 2 hours . they 're easy to setup and program . They also are less likely to break after a year because they 're not touchscreen . the touchscreen ones often have to be replaced every year or so .
 This thermostat is easy to install . It comes with wire labels for the wires on your existing thermostat . These match nicely to the new one with some cross referencing . My system is a heat pump with auxillery heat . It took 30 minutes to install . I could do it again in 15 minutes . You get an installation guide , operating manual , and a miniature CD guide . Programming was easy too but it was pre-programmed almost to the settings I ended up choosing anyway . * One concern may be for people with existing wires labeled Y1 , W1 , W2 , V , or VR . The manual says to contact an expert if you have these wires . I had no problem . You can check for these wires by pulling your existing thermostat straight off its base and looking at the terminal labels -LRB- pull circuit breaker first -RRB- . Good luck .
 I installed two of these in my house . It was surprisingly easy , as the instructions were very well done . Programming is straightforward , but maybe a bit tedious -LRB- fortunately it should n't need to be done very often -RRB- . It 's nice going to bed and having the heat turn down overnight and then have the house nice and warm again when you get up in the morning . Highly recommended even for those less than handy .
 If you can handle connecting speaker wires , and repairs at home , you can do this.I picked up one thermostat from Lowes , and it was not the right one . I had a heat pump , and needed this model.They state you can install this in 15 minutes , while that may be true , it was not for me . If you want to do it right take your time.The instructions are not for a novice , so if you are good with household repairs you will be fine , but if you are confused by wires and manuals , you will not be fine.It installs easy with a few wire connectors , HOWEVER , if you force the wires into the unit -LRB- ie extra wire in slots -RRB- it will break the small plastic tabs on the connectors and it comes off . How do I know this , mine broke !!! But I reattached with some glue.Now , the thermostat installed , take a picture of the wire set up before and after you get it in . Before so you know which wires control what on your heat/cooling unit , and after so you can go back to it in case you have to change something or fix a fault in the wiring . Use color coding for each wire on a notepad , ie black wire = G , red wire = A.I WOULD order it here , even with shipping it 's much cheaper than at Lowes , or other stores . I bought mine at Lowes because I could not wait for it to be shipped because my other unit was faulty and old.Follow all the instructions , especially if you have a heat pump like me . There are codes you have to enter , and it 's frustrating at first , but doable . Do NOT give up and call a repair man . They will charge you extra for starting a job they have to finish , to set up a few numbers . If you are unsure what unit you have -LRB- heat pump , electric etc -RRB- call the Honeywell company , they can inform you what type based on the letters of the wires in your wall . And give you the right model to buy . They can also walk you through the install process . Read the manual!The unit works very efficiently . Our electric bill already has shown significant less in energy costs . It keeps it cool , and warm within a tenth of a degree , which does have the unit running often on hot days , but not as long , saving money . The keys and lighted pad are great for adjusting the a/c , or heat in the dark . It 's a very simple design . The manual adjustments are much easier , but it is programmable to set the unit on days of the week -LRB- ie Monday set to 84 degrees , Tuesday set to 79 degrees -RRB- . It 's a great little unit , that has already paid for itself in cooling costs this year .
 We live in an older home that was built back around 1880 . We decided this weekend we were sick of having to change the thermostat every morning when we got up , when we left for work , when we got home , and when we went to bed.The old mercury thermostat would be set for 62 during the day and night when we were at work , but it usually had to go down to 52 before it was kicked in and then it would go up to 68 - 70 before starting to cool again.We had the same problem on the high end . So it seemed like we were always freezing or cooking . Since we have installed the Honeywell it has been right on the noise at 68 for when we are here , and 62 when we are sleeping or at work . We have oil heating water that runs through big metal radiators , and this thing keeps it right on the temperature it is set for.It will definitely pay for itself this year . We have no more extreme weather inside , and we do n't have to remember to change the thermostat 4 times a day , which we forgot have the time.Installation was really easy . We had a system that was so old the wire diagrams did not match our old set up , but I followed the advice I found on a blog and had it installed , running , and programmed within 30 minutes.I 'd recommend this thermostat to anyone upgrading any old system .
 In general I 'm happy with this thermostat . It 's easy to set up and has a good size display . I like that it 's backlit , so easy to adjust in a dark room . The one issue I have with this model has to do with a feature that 's not there , but was in the Lux thermostat that I replaced . It does not show filter usage , i.e. , how many hours my furnace has run since I last changed the filter .
 this was a replacement to the one we purchased years ago . it was easy to install since it was the exact same thing as what we had
 This is a nice thermostat . The installation can be a little tricky . I have a heat pump without emergency heat . I had to make a jumper for one of the connections and once all of the wires were installed , I had trouble getting the furnace to kick on . I ended up calling Honeywell and after about 10 minutes the person I spoke to walked me through the whole installation . I had it up and running within 5 minutes after hanging up the phone . I probably could 've figured it out on my own if I read the directions a little more closely .
 This is a superior product for drilling mild steel and other uses.Have not tried on harder materials . As a retired IA Teacher , I 've been through many 3/16 '' drill bits.I find them perfect for drilling pass through holes for sheet-rock type screws .
 Delivering the winch - A whopping 107lbs package but every ounce was worth it ! Love this unitInstalling the winch - Installed it on a Rugged Ridge XHD front bumper with hoop . I purchased the Rugged Ridge brackets for the power plant and winch installation worked great.I was a bit bummed however that the Rugged Ridge hoop no longer fit over the wince . Certainly not WARN 's fault ! Need to have a talk with Rugged Ridge!Wiring up the winch - I was a bit concerned the wires to the battery might be too short - Nope - Ran them up past air intake , along side of wrangler and they reached the battery poles just perfectly ! Wiring took 10minPreparing the winch - Plugged in the remote only to find the remote was missing the Compressor on/off button ! This particular version of remote was only equipped with a reel in/out switch . A small disappointment because the winch was new and box was never opened before , I 'm guessing this packaging mishap happened at the plant . Bummer - HOWEVER - Called WARN customer service next day and was amazed - After a few press 1 press 5 press 2 customer rep answered within seconds - they then offered to send out the correct remote w/o any hassle , nor did they even asked me to return the incorrect remote ! Another + + + Testing the compressor and winch - Winch reals in/out smoothly , like a swiss clock . Heading out 4 wheeling this weekend and hope to get stuck soon ! With a 12000 lbs winch you ca n't go wrong ! WARN rocks !
 highly recommend . i have owned this for about a month . have used it a few times . pulled a tree stump out with no sweat , after choping a few roots . large bush like i was just free spooling , when my quad was sliding all 4 tires when trying to winch with it . do not plan on getting truck stuck . but i have it . and now i have good on board air comp . my old air comp was .9 cfm . this one has 5 cfm . note the point in front of the nine . very nice air supply . if you have a large truck and you find yourself in any back country at all . you need to think about this . and if i still had an f150 i would own the powerplant hp 9,500 . WARN 71801 PowerPlant Air Compressor and Winch
 This like all Warn products is the best quality . I added a Viair 2.5 gal tank to it and it will fill the tank in less than 60 seconds . You could never go wrong buying this winch .
 The quality is great and the price was fantastic . I had purchased several of these previously from a different vendor and was impressed with the appearance and finish . The price at Amazon made them that much more attractive .
 Nice lamp . It is what I expected , nothing fancy just a good lamp that works . I use the new floresent bulbs but I may switch because of some safty concerns however , the lamp covers are plastic and I 'm wondering if they may melt using incondesent bulbs . the lamp however is nice and provides more light than needed .
 The Shades are a little flimsy but in general this is a great product for the price paid .
 I bought the lamp for my grandson 's dorm . He lives in a suite and he had a corner that needed light . This lamp was a perfect fit .
 This is a superior product for drilling mild steel and other uses.Have not tried on harder materials . As a retired IA Teacher , I 've been through many 3/16 '' drill bits.I find them perfect for drilling pass through holes for sheet-rock type screws .
 I 'm sorry I ca n't be more detailed , but he 's been busy using these and I have n't seen him enough to ask for his opinion . Based on that , and that I have n't heard any cussing or tools flying and hitting the walls , I 'd say they 're doing their expected function and that makes them a success ! If I hear any different , believe me , I 'll let you know .
 I like the size of this tool for my particular application , but it is starting to rust after only 6 weeks .
 well made . seems durable . everything is aligned . the handle does not feel like cheap plastic and does not have that ` made in china ' smell that bothers me on cheap tools .
 Great price and well made.I have not used it yet but needed it in my tool box.Cause you know we do n't have enough tools : -RRB- Update
 I used these pliers as soon as they arrived . They worked great ! Now I truly have a full set of tools !
 Tekton makes a lot of different tools with some unbelievable prices . These are very well made and have a cushioned handle . I got all three angles because you never know when you 'll need them . This is the straight needle nose pliers that can come in handy for deep hard to reach areas.I plan on looking at many of the tools made by Tekton . Very well made for the price .
 These pliers are sturdy and fit the non-precision use I had in mind when I purchased them . The down side is the pair I received had a few burrs I had to file down and smooth up , and the hinge was stiff -LRB- binding in one place -RRB- . I used some abrasive paste -LRB- you can use valve lapping compound , car polishing compound , or even a `` gritty '' toothpaste -RRB- , put it on all the moving parts of the hinge that rub together , and then open . . close . . open . . close until the pliers smooth up . Sometimes it just takes a few minutes , but it can take hours and several changes of abrasive . Then clean off the paste , put oil in place of the grit , work a few times , and remove excess oil/paste mix . Repeat the oil treatment if all the paste is n't gone . You can probably get a smooth opening pair if you buy them in person at a brick and mortar store that has stock by trying different pairs until you find some that feel smooth . I do n't have that kind of store nearby.The bottom line on these pliers is that for most people , they serve the purpose of pliers costing 4 or 5 times as much . Just do n't expect them to be a high precision tool suitable for a delicate job .
 I needed to fit these pliers into a 1 '' tube , and they were too big to do that . They are still great pliers , and work fine , but I expected after reading the description that they would fit into what I needed . I would n't discourage the purchase of these pliers , unless you are in my same situation . I will be returning these and looking for some skinnier ones .
 I have been using the knipex electricians plier for years . I love this tool because it is truly an excellent 4 in 1 tool . It is light , durable , and well crafted . I especially like it because I do a lot of work with stranded wire . It allows me cut , strip , and terminate with just one tool .
 This is a superior product for drilling mild steel and other uses.Have not tried on harder materials . As a retired IA Teacher , I 've been through many 3/16 '' drill bits.I find them perfect for drilling pass through holes for sheet-rock type screws .
 I ordert two of them , one works great the other one not so good , we have to push the botten a few times for it to work . Not to hard program .
 I bought this as one of my cars does not have the built in Homelink and I was tired of having multiple garage door remotes on my visor . This remote controls up to 4 different openers . The range of the remote is about 200 feet . I have been using the remote daily for about 9 months and I am still on the first battery . Just make sure your garage door opener has the redish orange programming button and not the purple button as this is not compatible with the purple buttons.I would recommend this opener as it has worked well for less cost than any of the products in the big box stores .
 I bought this as one of my cars does not have the built in Homelink and I was tired of having multiple garage door remotes on my visor . This remote controls up to 4 different openers . The range of the remote is about 200 feet . I have been using the remote daily for about 9 months and I am still on the first battery . Just make sure your garage door opener has the redish orange programming button and not the purple button as this is not compatible with the purple buttons.I would recommend this opener as it has worked well for less cost than any of the products in the big box stores .
 a nice two stage filter set I have used these for years . the reverse osmosis system is better but they wast water and that bothers me so I like these best and would buy it again .
 It was the closest match to my excisting kitchen cabinet handles . The seller has a great website that shows the true color.Delivery was in at timely manner . Would buy from this vendor again .
 I get a kick out of these and think they make my kitchen a happier place.Or at least make me happier . . Good buy . . Good luck finding the knife . . I 've got the forks and spoons ...
 These are great to work with . I do n't know how well they last . Time will tell . They are strong , bite well with no pre-drilling necessary at all . I like the # 2 square drive as opposed to philips .
 It 's a shame when the best tool companies are now outsourcing there manufacturing to Asia . It 's a sad time in America.Pliers seem to be well built but item description said nothing about being made in China . Would not have bought them had I known
 Irwin 2078408 Vise Grip 8-Inch Slip Joint Plier Well made Nice grip easy to handle and Durable
 I got this sandpaper along with a Bosch ROS20VSK sander to remove the paint and smooth the wood under a stair trim board . It did not pack up with the paint and stayed stuck to the sander . I did n't realize the price difference between PSA disks and hook and loop types when buying the sander ... the hook and loop is 3 times the price . Really easy to use though . I think it 's probably worth it for simplicity in working up the grits unless you use a sander professionally and go through a lot of disks , in which case it may make more economic sense to go with PSA .
 Handy and Heavy duty , They are sharp and have stayed that way as of yet . Had them about a month or so I guess . great tool !
 I bought this item to clips off nails that penetrate work pieces from air gun.Works well but still leaves a little stub that has to be bent over .
 As with all Irwin tools , the rubber handles are what really make their tools appealing , along with their quality of metal of course . Very nice wrench for the smaller jobs . I do n't think I 'd recommend this size of tool for automobile mechanics , unless it 's for smaller jobs . I 'm a computer tech so the size , and quality is MORE than exactly what I was looking for .
 Finally decided to start my own basic tool collection , and spent hours researching the best value brand that would last a lifetime . Everything in the Irwin series of tools is high quality and affordable , and is more than capable of doing whatever needs to be done for an apartment dweller like me . I got the 6 in . version , and it has come in very handy .
 As a new-comer to the world of woodworking , this was the 1st time I have ever used edge banding . I was surprised at how easy this went on with just a regular iron . I set the iron on high and proceeded to get great results . The price for 250 feet was also great compared to places like Woodcraft . I am very happy with this product . If you get it , I recommend getting the edge cutter as well . I tried using a box cutter but got bad results .
 Great product , Have it on my kitchen cabinets for over a year and still holding up strong . Highly recommend
 For the price it was worth it . Would of given it 5 stars if it was n't for a 10 foot section that was missing the white birch .
 Every foot of this product was quality wood , and every inch was coated with more than sufficient adhesive . I most definitely will be ordering more ...
 This strip is easy to use and easy to apply . Just a regular iron , aand a trimming blade give excellent results .
 Do n't bother with the Home Depot edge tape ... it 's more expensive , not as nice quality , and never enough to finish a job . Freud 's edge banding goes on great , is a nice slice of wood ... and comes in a respectable quantity at a great price . Amazon , ships amazingly fast ... and Freud is a good brand .
 Good price and good banding . You dont have any left over like the 25ft rolls , makes you mad to do a job and have like 1-2 ft or more left over and cant do much with it .
 The edging works great , It is so easy to apply and gives a very professional finish to plywood panels .
 25 feet of edge banding will cost $ 6.00 + at your local home store . $ 36.00 for 250 feet = almost half the price .
 These biscuits fit well as long as they do not absorb ambient moisture in the shop or from being left out in a moist/muggy atmosphere . To counteract any absorption pour some cheap cat litter -LRB- 1/2 cup -RRB- into the container and keep it sealed .
 I 've been renovating my kitchen and I needed edge banding for some custom sized panels . This iron-on banding looks great and has strong glue for a good bond . Great price for a great product .
 My favorite part of this timer is that it does n't have those little plastic tabs you usually have to pull on and off -LRB- do n't you always lose them too ? -RRB- This one is almost like a flower - you lift the `` petals '' to turn the lamp -LRB- or whatever -RRB- on , push them in to turn it off - all in 10 minute increments . There 's also a switch on top that lets you turn off the outlet on the side of the timer without screwing up the timing .
 Easy to use although take too much space on power outlet.Pins could be smaller.Anyway , price makes them the best choice . And also outdoor ...
 These timers cost half of HD 's and theirs do not even have the ground , severly limiting their use . Settings are easy , no pegs , and they 're quiet . Good product and inexpensive .
 OK - we used this to cover the interior of a rental car so we could bring our dogs along !! It 's a little hard to apply smoothly to a curved surface like a car seat - but it performed perfectly and left the car spotless and dog-hair-free when removed ! I gave the remained of the roll to my neighbor to dog-proof her new van .
 Glad to receive the 24 '' X 50 ' carpet shield for my RV , which I cut with hack saw to have one roll 8 '' X 50 ' and one 16 '' X 50 ' . Two smaller sizes were easier to install than one larger roll . Being my first time , I tried to keep edges from collapsing in on itself as I was rolling it out ... a bit hard , but got easier to manage after a stretch of two . Sure helps to keep things clean !
 THis stuff is fantastic . I use the Surface Shields CS2450W Carpet Shield , 24-Inch by 50-Feet for the high traffic area that my dogs use to prevent mud , dirt and debris from being tracked into my home . It usually last 45 or so days before having to replace . Highly recommended for dog families . Saves on vacuum and steam cleaning and is super inexpensive . Constantly receive compliments for how it looks and the protection it provides . Way to go surface shields you made a solid quality product that i will continue to order and use .
 We used this in a room we were remodeling -LRB- the walls were torn out to replace with drywall -RRB- . It was a messy situation that was easy to clean up with this on the carpet . It prevent dust and dirt from getting on the carpet and made for an easy clean up . Plus it 's sticky , but do n't cause any issues with the carpet . In addition , it 's thicker than I was expecting . Would definitely use again in the future .
 Since we have a very light colored carpet in most of our home , and since we also have our oldest daughter 's 6 and 4 year old kids living with us , this carpet shield product has been very beneficial in keeping the carpets clean in the entry way by the front door , while not causing the door to snag on entry mats .
 This is ideal for when the movers get to your new place -- if you put it in the traffic pattern of the carpeting , it will definitely save it from tears or dirt or whatever , especially if it might be raining . It goes down easy and just pulls right off when done and leaves nothing behind . And the roll is large enough to go through a long hall , a large living and dining room and into two bedrooms . What a deal ! Just in case your movers do n't have the little booties .
 This product does what it was meant to do and that is to protect the carpet areas when doing any kind of work that would require a lot of traffic . I cleaned my stair steps and then used this to protect from dirt and traffic .
 I have had some biscuits that either fall into the slot or you have to tap them in with a hammer . These biscuits all fit snugly in the slots with no variances . Great product !
 I have no complaints about the product . It is very good quality . No broken or swollen pieces . The packaging could have been better . It was just very thin plastic bags . I want a better way to store these biscuits and will have to find some other container with a lid that can seal tightly .
 Used in a project . No real complaints ther than about 2 % of the large bag were broken .
 I ordered these a little over a six months from now and every once in a while I 'll find one that dose n't fit right but it 's maybe 2 % of them . I think that 's a reasonable amount of defect in any mass produced product .
 Got 'em . Tried 'em . They worked , so . . Like'em . Helps to hold the joint straight when assembling the pieces .
 Earl Staley from kyThe Sears mini-jointer is actually made by Ryobi.Luckily , Sears still supports the product , and R3/R2/R1biscuits are available at you local Sears store or online .
 I used this edge banding to cover the rough edges of the working materials , plywood . Works great and looks great . It is simple to apply and it accomplished the job .
 I was very impressed with the quality these guns are capable of . There was no sputter , the coats went on smooth and even . Using both nozzles , was able to apply primer , base coat , mid-coat and clear coat and this was even painting a metallic . Guns are easy to disassemble and clean , tools are included along with a schematic of assembly . For the dollar , a very good buy . Highly recommended .
 Before I say anything else you should know these are not in fact `` Titan '' spray guns , they are actually Vaper brand . I am a beginner when it comes to HVLP guns , but I was quite impressed with these . I used these guns with House of Kolor paint to paint my motorcycle . I basically just jumped in to painting it , not really knowing what I was doing . I found the operation of the guns is quite simple . Achieving a great paint job is possible with patience and the proper settings on the guns . They worked great for primer , base , and clear coats . I would recommend these to anyone wanting to do an at-home job . Again , not the top of the line but definitely not the worst .
 I 've used Lamello , Dewalt , Porter Cable and Freud biscuits . Dewalt is n't bad for the price but their quality tends to be a bit less consistent . Lamello are REALLY nice but pricey -LRB- I used to work in a shop where I could get them for free -RRB- Porter cable are decent and made in the US , also more expensive . Freud biscuits do seem a hair thinner -LRB- or perhaps it 's the Dewalt ones are n't as consistently compressed -RRB- but this is n't an issue since this makes them easier to jig up and should swell up once after the glue soaks in ... For quality I would rank : LamelloFreud 2ndPorter Cable a close 3rdDeWalt and Ryobi tied for 4thDon ' t Forget ! If you are using PU glue -LRB- Gorilla Glue , etc -RRB- then you will need to make sure you get the biscuits wet immediately before assembly otherwise they wo n't swell and your joint will not be as strong . When I used PU glue I would wipe them with a wet -LRB- not damp -RRB- rag just before assembly.I 'd also point out that you can get no name biscuits for cheaper sometimes but you 're probably not saving much if you 're already buying in bulk ... There 's also a false economy of saving a few dollars in materials if you consider any additional time needed from working with poor quality materials.If this review has helped you , please let me know !
 I agree with the other reviewer . I used to use PC , Bosch , whatever was at the local store . Lots of biscuits ended up on floor
 Having used the Porter Cable biscuits for many years I thought I 'd try these just see if I was missing anything . Under close inspection they appear to come from the same machinery and are made of the same wood . I see no meaningful difference and would not pay a premium for the Freud name .
 At the risk of being redundant ... This dado set is excellent ! The `` carrying case '' is a piece of crap.I had a tough time selecting which set to go with , and chose the SD508 because of price . I can speak to the comparison because the dado set comes with a DVD that describes the set-up and use of each of the sets they sell all on one disk . The dial version -LRB- next step up -RRB- is easier to fine tune to a width , but a -RRB- not every cut requires shims , and b -RRB- looking at the combined instructions for setting up each of the dado sets -LRB- nice poster , by the way -RRB- , it looks like every standard width requires dial adjustments amounting to 6 to 15 clicks . This set has four very precise shims , each a different thickness , so you get very fine control . So I am fine with the shims in light of the large difference in cost.Quality of cut is excellent - as has been my experience with my other Freud blades The Fusion is fantastic . But the case is really an embarrassment . Freud would be better off sending these in a cardboard box individually wrapped in oil paper . The provided case has a good , very stiff foam filler in the top half , but the bottom which holds the blades is hollow , blow-molded plastic - thinner than that plastic Santa on your lawn . The weight of the blade set just crushes that plastic and lets the blades move around . They need to add a foam filler under that hollow plastic . Why could n't they use another piece of that top foam filler in the bottom as reinforcement ? Even if they did , though , the case itself is pretty ugly and cheap looking . I anticipated this thanks to other reviews and am using a plywood / hardboard storage unit for the blades and chippers , and throwing away the case.Absolutely worth buying .
 Initial Shipment was missing the 1/16 '' chipper . Customer service resolved the problem quickly received replacement in 3 days , no cost to me to return defective item .
 My first dado cutter was an ancient Sears non-carbide wobble type . It was pretty useless , of course , and years later I sprung for this Freud set . It was somewhat cheaper than the Forrest product , so this is what I chose.I am happy with the quality of these blades . They are extremely thick and rugged , obviously good quality . Mine had no trace of rust or damage.They certainly do a nice and safe job . I can not say that the bottoms are perfectly smooth , but they are flat . The side blades do a nice job of not splintering the wood . Needless to say that they are a huge step up from the usual beginner-level of dado cutting.A warning to first-time users
 I purchased this set to replace a Freud dial dado set that would not fit my saw . I used it this weekend on a run of really hard rosewood . No chipout , no tearing , and smooth , flat bottoms . Measurements are right on . Does n't get any better than that.My only complaint about this set is the packaging . Freud needs to come up with something more robust than a soft plastic box with a paperweight , blow-molded interior . The interior arrived damaged from the blades .
 The plastic package was damaged in transit ; not surprising given the weight of the blades and the sharpness of the teeth . I cut multiple 3/8 x 11/2 dadoes in maple end grain . flawless and effortless . it deserves the highest marks -LRB- although Amazon gets a `` D - '' for packing -RRB- .
 So far the cleanest cutting dado I have used . I regret wasting money on the wobble or the El cheapo imports.Although I have not used the Forrest dado , for the money you really ca n't beat it . The best $ 160 I 've spent this year.I believe I got the `` blinged '' out version , it says ICE coating on the outside and looks to be chrome dipped . Did not come studded with diamonds though .
 Once again a quility produce from freud !! Easy to set up , cuts with perfect accuracy . Very happy with this dado set . Highly recommended . The price may be high but you get what you pay for !!!!
 This dado set creates perfect dados . There is no rip-out and no splintering . The edges are clean and the bottoms smooth . The especially helpful feature is the 3/32 '' chipper . 3/4 '' plywood fits perfectly using this chipper . If you get an especially odd piece or plane your board to an odd size , there are a complete set of metal shims . On top of everything is Freud 's lifetime guarantee -LRB- which means less at my age than it will to many of you -RRB- . I recommend this to beginners and old-timers and the price is right .
 This is an excellent product . I have only used it in hardwoods so far , but it cuts perfectly clean splinter-free dados in any width imaginable . It is easy to use and stores nicely in the carrying case . It is definitely worth the money to buy a top-notch product that will meet all your needs rather than waste money on an inferior product . The only shortcoming I have detected so far would be with the instruction manual . It could be better written .
 Comes with everything you need , aside from a good insert , which you can make yourself . Cuts perfectly flat bottom grooves putting very little drag on the motor . Cheaper than the Forrest , and tests as well or better . Comes in a nice plastic case with plastic dividers to keep the blades looking new . The instructions and width chart are easy to read . I am a beginning woodworker , and was cutting perfect rabbets and dadoes within minutes on my Jet Cabinet Saw .
 ... I decided on the Freud based on the Freud blades I have own in the pass ... The blade setup guide is a very easy to follow showing all of the milling widths and the combination of blades needed . On my 5 hp Powermatic , I tested 3/4 ? oak , 5/4 ? poplar and 3/4 ? cherry veneer plywood all produced perfectly flat bottoms , no tear-out and cut your finger razor sharp edges . The set includes 6 shims that let you dial-in the milling thinness to match your plywood which is notoriously thinner then its stated size . I would suggest that you label the chippers and the shims as soon as you get them , this greatly speeds up the setup time . The storage case is a great bonus and holds everything very tightly . I would recommend this Dado set to anyone looking to produce professional results .
 I do a lot of cabinet work . This blade set is worth the money if you 're making furniture or cabinets . The grooves are square and the bottoms are flat . As for the quality , even when cross-cutting oak plywood there is no tear out of the fibers . I was so tired of having to go back over all my cross-cuts with sandpaper and then the joints would n't be tight due to the bottoms not being straight . This blade set also comes with a nice set of shims to `` Dial In '' the thickness and the extra blades are great with plywood . It 's expensive but with this product you get what you pay for . If your doing quality work do n't skimp on a cheaper blade set trust me when I tell you , pay a little more it 's worth it .
 I 'm really impressed with this blade set now that I understand what I 'm doing with it . My set produces flat bottoms and square shoulders . I suspect people that have problems with grooves in the bottoms are using saws without flat-threaded arbors . One blade can hit a thread funny and spin out of round.Let me save you 45 minutes of frustration with this set : Measure the width of the chippers at the shank , not the tooth . The teeth measure 1/16 '' over what the instructions call them . So , the 1/8 '' chipper measures 3/16 '' at the tooth . I thought someone shipped me the wrong chippers until I figured this out . Maybe a rookie mistake ... but it could have been clarified.Overall it 's an awesome set . It 's really everything I was looking for and worth the extra money . Do n't try and justify a cheaper set , you wo n't be happy with it .
 I 've used this set in my radial arm and Unisaw . They 're easy to use and do a really nice job . To make things easier on yourself , label each of the chipper blades to make setup quicker . I wish they would have done that at the factory but it took 5 minutes so it was n't a big deal . The shims are handy and there is a little instruction book that tells you how to set up for different size cuts . I 'd also recommend using a dial caliper if you 're a real stickler for accuracy . I 'd be interested to try out the new dial-dado from Freud , but until these wear out -LRB- which should take a LONG time -RRB- I 'll stick with this .
 Howdy All , I picked up this dado set after having purchased its smaller brother -LRB- Freud SD506 -RRB- in recent months . I needed this set as , the smaller 6 '' set would not allow me to cut out the notches in the 4x4 material that I was working with . Just as the smaller 6 '' set , it performed flawlessly !! There are a LOT of dado sets out there in the world folks BUT , what separates the men from the boys is , that THIS SET will cut FLAT bottomed and SQUARE dados !! Do n't be fooled by cheaper sets , you wo n't be happy with them when your stock is ruined by their poor quaily.So , if you want a QUALITY dado set at a fair price , then look no further.Ciao !!
 ... and this one is the best . Dead flat bottoms and no splintering in tough to cut veneered plywood . Melamine cuts chip free , better than many melamine BLADES I 've owned , let alone a dado!I saw another reviewer had a problem with dado bottoms not being flat and blaming the chippers saying they were `` oversized '' . This is n't the case . The chippers giving him problems are the two thinnest of the set , and can drop down between the arbor threads if not set up correctly . It happened to ME too before I read the instructions !
 I 've had this set of blades for over a year now and am very pleased with them . I use them on my Delta Unisaw and they work great . The most freqent use I get from them is making dados in plywood or hardwood cases for plywood shelves and dividers . The adjustability with the various blades and shims helps me to match the groove exactly to the various widths of my sheet stock . The bottoms of the dados are very smooth . Not router bit smooth , but perfectly acceptable for fit , finish , and glueups . They make very clean cuts and I have seen almost no tearing or chipping when cutting in veneered plywood . In a pinch I had to use this set once on a project that used green treat lumber . They tore through it with ease , and most importantly kept their edge . These are very high quality blades and should cut great for years if properly taken care of . I store them back in their hard case with the supplied dividers between blades after every use , so they still look like new after many hours of use . *** As other posters mentioned , the shims are not labeled . Something I can not believe was not done on a set as expensive as this . One of the first things I did was mic the shims and mark them with a Sharpie as to their individual thicknesses . This has saved me headaches and trial and error numerous times .
 Bought this dado set a couple months ago , so far so good . As many other reviewers have posted I wish they would have labeled the shims so you could tell what size they are . Other than that I have no complaints . This is a vast improvement over my previous craftsman dado set .
 I probably wo n't ever cut more than a 3/4 '' dado , so the chipped chipper was a spare anyway , but I still say it should have arrived in factory condition . I thought the package was a little flimsy , and no doubt the reason the carbide was able to chip out in the first place . This is a real pricey dado blade set , so a better system of cutter separation would have been much appreciated.I have made several cuts with it , and I have n't had any tear out , or chipped work pieces as of yet . I usually prefer to use my router for dado cuts , but if I am going to be making a whole lot of small repetitive dado 's and rabbets , then the blade is worth the time and set-up . Some reviewers had trouble with the shims and their arbor , but I had no issues . I am using this set on a Jet JTAS 10 .
 Once again , Freud has exceeded my expectations . I have a General Internation table saw that I used this product on and the cuts are precision and perfect . If I were to re order I would purchase the dial adjust to width Dado blade set . It may cost a little more but it really would make for expert work at the hobbyist level a little easier . The video explained everything perfectly and my work has moved up several notches in quality . Great purchase .
 First timer with a dado blade , but I had done plenty of reading on what makes a good set , and Freud usually finishes well in comparison tests , occasionally matching or beating sets that cost much more . So far I 've completed two projects with this set , creating stub tenons , dadoes , and rabbets . Every cut is easy to set up , and if you do n't rush things tearout is minimal . With so many combinations of chippers and shims it seems possible to get the perfect slot every time . The case it comes in has these flimsy plastic separators between the blades that are lacking in the longevity department . But that 's certainly no knock on how well it works . Recommended .
 I 've had this dado set for several years and used it on everything from maple to MDF to softwoods . Has worked great . Assortment of blade widths and shims allow very fine adustment of width . Gives a nice square bottom with sometimes very very slight grove at edges.When using larger widths , can exceed length of being able to tighten arbor nut safetly on table saw . But this would be true for any stacked dado set.Have used with both a Delta contractor and Unisaw . Works fine on both but clearly Unisaw handles the mass better when starting up.Case is nothing to get excited about and have to be careful not to have carbide touching.Would buy again . -- Mark
 I 'm very pleased with the way this dado set is working out . I was concerned with using an 8 '' stack with a 1-1/2 hp delta contractors saw , but so far it 's working out great -- even with all the blades installed . I do n't have any experience with other dado stacks , but to my eye the cuts from the SD508 are superb . Clean , flat bottoms and sides . No chip out at all . The only thing that is a hassle -LRB- not unique to Freud -RRB- is that it IS a dado stack . Putting the both cutters and the chippers together for a cut can be a chore . Now I know why Bill Hylton says avoids using a dado stack in favor of using a router to make dados in some of his books . : - -RRB- Other reviewers said that they had a hard time judging which chipper is which . There are 4 in the set . Two 1/8 '' , one 3/32 '' and one 1/16 '' . I found that looking at them carefully from the side made it easy enough for me to determine the widths without resorting to using a dial caliper or other measuring device.The box the blades come in is nice , sturdy and protects the blades well . Just make certain the tabs to hold it closed are secure . Otherwise there 's the potential for all your blades to fall out if you are n't careful.There 's a dvd with an intro on how to use the dado , as well as a chart that tells you which cutter and chipper combos will produce a certain size dado/groove , that comes with the set . The dvd is specific to the dial-a-width product and really does n't cover much other than the ` basic of basics ' on how to use the dado . It also has a plan on it for a dado sled.One other thing . Using any saw blade can be dangerous ; using a full dado stack the first time can be VERY intimidating and dangerous if you are n't careful . Make sure all your safety gadgets are in place so you can deal with the intimidating part so you do n't ` accidently ' experiance the dangerous part of while using it . That said , after making a full depth , clean bottomed dado in one pass , all I can think to say is `` sweet '' ! Feeling intimidated by all those spinning blades quickly fades to healthy respect .
 Fantastic set of blades . Cuts as advertised
 So this 15 year old kid from canada decides that the needs a dado blade for his new hobbie so he gose out and buys this mastercraft dado blade -LRB- if you ever see this two bladed with a plastic hub piece of s ** t. . . run ! -RRB- that blade left a extremley large mountain ! in the midlle of the dado wich rocked the adjointing piece and vibrates so bad the saws hight knob would rise ! i imediatley stoped the saw and went to the hardware store luckily for me is just accros the road -LRB- not so luckey for my wallet ! -RRB- i was a little worried about buying a stacked dado blade because of the longer setup time vs a wobble dadoIt finaly arrived 1 week after i ordered it now this cost me 350 $ yes canadian ... but this is worth every friggin penney!the difference between my old dado -LRB- wicth cost 200 $ -RRB- is like night and day my old one would tearout badley on melamine this one there is none . none . setup time > well this is not a a problem for me i keep a little book next to the table saw i write the cobinations of blades chippers and shims so the next time i alredy know what to put in the saw and i get a perfect fit evey time i cant say anything bad about this dado freud i love you guys ! keep up the good work !!! this is the set to get no dout about that stop complaing about the price for a dado that will last a lifetime and preforms like a champ buy quality u only cry once
 Used this dado blade on my DeWalt portable Table saw , Dados were amazingly clean . High quality item . You pay for quality . As my pappy always said `` Buy Quality , you only cry once '' That says it all .
 The Dado Set folds up nice and net and is easy to store . It 's a great deal with the 8 '' saw blade and sander bits .
 ... This dado blade has a guide -LRB- in the manual -RRB- for setting the correct width , it has almost no chip-out and the cut looks like I cut it with a razor . The true test for me was when I had to make a series of cuts for undersized plywood . The guide told me what to use to get the width of 19/32 of a inch . It took me just a couple of minutes to set the dado blade in table saw and make my test cut . The cut was amazing . The dado was exact and because the blade did n't wobble I set the fence correct the first time . If you are planning on making dados find the money and buy this dado blade you wo n't regret it .
 Based on the other reviews , I did n't think there would be a problem . When I got my blade , I did a test cut . I noticed that one of the chippers was slightly bigger -LRB- diameter -RRB- than the others based on the test cut . The bad chipper cut a deeper groove within the dado and the bottom of that groove was a mess . -LRB- Ripped out of the wood , not cut -RRB- . With the one exception , the dado cut was as described previously , glass smooth and perfectly sized . Bad luck follows me but I 'll try one more time because of what the other reviews have stated .
 Cuts flat-bottomed dados with no tearout . I have used it in plywood , melamine and hardwood with great success . What else could you want?If you look into the cost of the Forrest or a Systematic stacked set you will find the Freud a bargain . Both of the others cost well into the 250 + range . If the shims were marked it would be perfect !
 After using this dado for just over a year , I have found it to be nearly flawless . Close inspection of the dado joint produced reveals a slight v-groove at the two corners . This is as if 1 carbide tooth peak is a few thousands of an inch oversize . This is typically not noticeable in any application , once glued and assembled.I made a photocopy of the sizing guide in the manual and laminated it . I hang it on the wall next to the table saw for easy reference . The chipper blades are not labeled as to size , but a Sharpie pen will solve that.Overall this is a dado that is easy to set up and leaves a perfect -LRB- aside from the tiny grooves at the bottom -RRB- in every material I have tried to date ... including melamine.I ca n't imagine needing a dado set supposedly better for any amount of money !
 The Freud Super Dado works exceptionally well once you figure out how to use it . And that 's the rub . They send you a nice instructional DVD but it 's for the pricier `` dial a width '' dado blade . After watching it , it provided absolutely nothing about how to use the blade I bought ! Went to the enclosed booklet to set the blade up and it showed what sequencing of different sized spacer blades you needed to make specific width dado cuts . That was all well and good except the spacer blades are not marked in any way so you get to measure each one to figure out it 's width . Surely Freud could mark the blades ????? Finally , the case that the blades came in is cheap plastic with flimsy catches and a plastic insert that wo n't last and is certainly not worthy of a $ 200 set of blades . I am pleased with how the blade cuts so it 's worth it . I am not pleased with the items noted above . I expected better of Freud .
 This is my first dado set so I splurged an got what I was hoping to be one of the better dados out there . Well after my first setup and cutting my first dado all I can say is I am very pleased , good clean cut , flat bottom , no tear out on veneered plywood . There 's only one recomendation , it would be a big help if the filler cutters were marked with their corresponding alphabet letter.Following the instructions is a bit confusing because the setup guide shows an alphabet letter assignment then later assigns a thickness to that letter and that thickness does not translate to the carbide it refers to the body thickness . The cutters should be marked with their letter this would save alot of time for first time users .
 I had originally bought the 8 '' Delta dado blade . There is no comparison between the two . The super dado totally out performs the Delta blade , especially when doing dados in veneer plywood and across the grain . Definiltely worth the extra money .
 This is an exceptional dado cutting set . the grooves in plywood as well as hardwood have been absolutely flat bottom and splinter free . It runs very smoothly through the wood without much additional ` noise ' from the cutting . Very well made and a great deal compared to other premium dados costing significantly more .
 I 've had the best dado set Sears had to offer and I found it too complicated . I decided to give the Freud a try and its everything I dreamed of . The cut is perfect but more important its simple to use . Its just a matter of adding chippers to your set up to get your cut . Its amazing and I would buy it again , thats how good it is . Now who do I see about doing a commercial ??
 Based on the one other poor review about the blade size , I did n't think I would see a problem . When I received the blade , I threw it on the saw , and there was a distinct notch from the inside blade . Not the chipper this time . I sent it back and my second set was perfect . Hats off to Amazon on the timeliness of the swap .
 I 'm very impressed by the quality of cut you get with this blade . Flat bottom cuts with no chip out . I was most impressed when I was cross cutting veneer oak plywood without a zero clearance insert and the cut was prefect every time with no chip out .
 I 've only used one other stacked dado set before -LRB- brand unknown -RRB- , and this set tops that one . The only reason I did n't give it five stars was that the dado bottoms were n't totally smooth , and two of the carbide tips on the outside blades already cracked off after only a couple of uses -LRB- Probably a fluke - and the warranty should cover this - I plan on replacing my current set with the same make/model -RRB- . Even after careful setup , following the instructions as exact as possible , I still got lines in between the chippers and outside blades . In all - the finish produced was good and I would definately recommend these to anyone looking for good , reasonably priced , stacked dado sets , but do n't expect perfection .
 This dado set is absolutly wonderful . I put this set on a Delta model 10 RAS and it worked beautifully , the dado slots were flat and there was no tear out or chipping in the piece of oak I tested this set out on . I think it is well worth the money .
 While I am fairly new to the hobby of woodworking and am still in the process of outfitting my workshop , I am a firm beleiver in buying quality tools . The Freud 8 '' Dado Set is easy to set up and cut several beatifully crisp dadoes on my first project with it . I know there are less expensive sets out there , but I never mind spending the dough when I get quality results .
 I am in the process of removing the contractor installed shelving in my wife 's laundry room , and I am replacing them with a whole bunch of base cabinets and wall cabinets that I am building . These cabinets will occupy the entire length of two adjacent walls.The cabinet boxes are built out of 3 / 4 inch Oak laminate plywood . The cabinet side panels and back panels all have a 3 / 4 inch wide and 3 / 8 inch deep dado to receive the cabinet bottom and a 3 / 4 inch wide and 3 / 8 inch deep rabbit to receive the cabinet back.I made the dados and the rabbits with a brand new , right out of the box Freud SD508 Super Dado Set . The resulting cuts were spectacular . I was more than pleased . As a matter of fact I was really excited to see the beautiful cuts this dado set made.The cuts were clean . There was no chipping of the laminate , no tear out , and as near as I can tell , the bottom of the dado was perfectly flat . The dado set cut through the plywood with ease . I did n't have to apply any more force to the piece then I would have if I were doing a simple rip using a single blade.These stellar results were repeated time after time on all the cabinet back panels and side panels . I realize that this dado set was right out of the box and therefore the blades and chippers were probably the sharpest they will ever be , but if the exceptional results I got on this project is any predictor of how this dado set will perform over time then I know that I made a very good purchase and the money was well spent .
 Dado set cuts very smooth with out chip out even in oak . The only problem is I have more sizes than what I can use on my arbor . 3/4 '' is as wide of a dado I can fit on my arbor . Freud also needed to lable chippers There is no labeling on any of chippers so , you will have to measure thickness of each chipper to find out which ones to use to get a certain size dado . Cuts the best smooth dado and square dado I have ever seen and runs very smooth on saw and quite . You wo n't regreat buying this set .
 This is a FANTASTIC dado set ! I 've used it several times since I received it and can not think of one negative comment . It is well balanced , quiet , very sharp , and well packaged . If you are in the market for a new dado set you can spend more for other brands , but I ca n't imagine getting a better value !
 I 've had a few dado heads in my lifetime but none as good as this . It is great . Super flat bottoms . Very quiet with no vibrations . No chipping on oal veneer plywood . Shims included . I 've given all my other dado heads away .
 its alot of money for a blade but the forest dado king is even more , but you get what you pay for . this blade cuts great , oak plywood to solid stock.i bought this blade because of the good reviews and i am happy i did.ya the case is not top notch and the shims are not labled but why does it matter mark them yourself.make a new case out of wood , we are woodworkers . . right hey i did not even expect a case.happy customer and amazon is great
 I expected a flat bottom based on all the other reviews , but when using the 1/16 or 3/32 chipper I find that they are both slightly -LRB- about 1/64 -RRB- larger in diameter than the other chippers or the side blades . Both of these chippers leave a distinct notch in the bottom of an otherwise perfect dado . While this does not really affect the performance of the joint the notch is noticeable when the two pieces of wood are joined together . I must say that it does a fine job if the thin chippers are not used but I expected more from a premium dado set .
 I chose this product because it scored First Place in the 2011 review of one prominent woodworking magazine of a group of 10-12 similar products and tied for First Place with two other sets of `` stacked dados '' out of 9 in the review in Woodworking Journal magazine in 2011 . I have used a Freud dado set in woodworking classes in the past and believe this product to be identical to them , which was another reason for choosing Freud . The dados I 've cut with Freud sets have left no reason to complain.Without having used the one I just received , I can point to some things I really appreciate about the Freud set . First , it ships in a nice , plastic case , which keeps the blades from rattling around and possibly leading to a dull or chipped tooth while in storage . Second , Freud includes an illustrated guide to proper assembly of the set to create dados of various widths , which is much better than having to add the width of each element put into the stack to obtain the desired cutting width.I also use a Freud blade in one of my handheld power saws and purchased a Freud blade for my new table saw because they offer blades for every type of sawing job rather than offering only a `` combination blade , '' which compromises the best cut of each type of blade . One advisory
 I 've used several dado blades before including dial-adjust and stackable sets of different qualities . They all somewhat do the job but not quite I would like them to be . I 've been using Systi-Matic blades , and they are very good . But I just could not justify for their $ 250 dado set or Forrest?s . So I decided to try one of the popular names in the business ? Freud . When the blades arrived in the plastic case , it caught my attention with its weight . None of those I used come close to how much this set weighs . The box is well packed with thick foam in the lid for placing blade during change , each of the eight blades is separated by a plastic spacer when stacked in the case and a set of steel shims . Only suggestion I have is to put marking on shims since there is no way I can tell which is what except the two thickest ones . Yesterday , I had a chance to use this set the first time on my newly purchased DeWalt DW746 table saw to make a piece for helping straighten the floor plank and make grooves in some the inlay pieces I am doing for the master bedroom . I was very much impressed how these blades performed compared to my past experience . Very , very smooth bottom and clean cut -LRB- no tear out -RRB- all the way and the blades are so sharp that with 1-3/4 hp motor I only need to hold down the piece and push effortlessly . I used walnut and Brizilian cherry by the way . The blade run-out is minimum that I even had a hard time taking them off the arbor if the blade was just off the 90-degree from arbor a little bit . This was my first experience with Freud blade , but I won?t hesitate to use other blades from Freud . It is a keeper for sure .
 As I state in most of my reviews , I do n't mind paying a little more to get a little more . If you 're like me , this is the blade for you . I 'm building a built-in wine rack for my house and wanted to use veneer plywood for the carcass . Well , as anyone knows , you need a _ damn _ good blade to crosscut a dado in veneer plywood with no tear-out . This blade performed magnificently . Setup was a snap with the chart . Look up the thickness that you need in the manual , and it tells you which size chipper to use in conjunction with the outside blades . The bottom of the dado was so sqaure that you could use it on an exposed joint , such as a bookcase . The top of the dado was razor sharp and the fit was perfect . Also , this comes complete with a nice , metal , shim set . I 've used the paper shim set in the past and you can never get a duplicate thickness once you 've torn down the blade . Tighten the arbor screw a little more then last time , compress the paper a little mode and , viola , a thinner dado . Not the case with the metal shims here . One last thing to add is the carry case is a nice touch . Each of the blades and chippers are separated with a plastic ring . The entire thing filts in a small brief-case looking case . Again , well worth the money if you do n't mind spending it ...
 My set suffers in that the chippers cut slightly deeper than the outside blades . So , I get a slight , but noticable , shoulder on each side of the dado . This is particularly noticeable on exposed joints like finger joints . I 'm in the process of finding out how Freud suggests this be remedied . I may post again once that 's taken place . Otherwise , the groves are smooth with little tearout and the horizontal dimensions of the set are dead on.I 'm editing this review because I found out the culprit was my Sears table saw arbor . After the good service folk at Freud inspected my set they determined that there must be a valley at the end of the threads of my saw arbor . Sure enough there was and with there suggestion I filled it with JB Weld to the same height of the rest of the arbor and the set works wonderfully now . I 've changed my rating dramatically upwards . But , do n't get me started on the Sears saw !
 The Super Dado set from Freud is sweet ! It 's low cost -LRB- Compared to it 's ` competition ' -RRB- and it 's viciously accurate . Just follow the instructions on which chippers to include on the stack and you will cut PRECISELY the width specified . Width resolution of the set just using the chippers is 1/32 of an inch , and shims are provided to do even better than that . However , I 've never used the shims . I 've never needed them.I love the plastic case . It comes with little spacers for each blade and chipper . When I need to set my saw up for dadoing I just pull the plastic case out of it 's spot , put it on the table saw and pop it open . The top of the case has a flat foam insert that you can put a blade on while you 're doing the change , you do n't need to keep a piece of wood around to put the blade being changed onBased on my experience with the Super Dado set , I plan on upgrading all my blades to Freud blades .
 The first thing you 'll notice is the boxed set and the weight . Without even opening the box , you 'll will feel the heft of this dado set . Once opened , the outer blades have an impressive number of teeth -LRB- with the Freud anti-kickback shoulder behind the tooth -RRB- . The instructions are clear and the measurement guide is sweet . The metallic shims allow for fine adjustment though they could be better indentified -LRB- if unsure , make sure you measure with a dial caliper -RRB- . The most impressive part is in the cut - flat smooth and no tear out.After using several other dado sets , including a Sears and the SD208 this design and function is simply the best cutting .
 When I first started doing fine wood working about 4 years ago , I bought a dado set for about $ 50 . Well , as you can imagine , you get what you pay for . I had to have a filing shop match the cutters up so I could get close to square cuts . When it was time to move up , I purchased this product and have been extremely pleased with it . I decided to give this set a try as I had purchased a Freud 60 tooth blade and it worked wonderfully , with no chipping on plywood or any of the solid woods I used.Square cuts right out of the box . Good set of shims that made adjustments easy . The only thing I would like to have seen was the marking of the cutters -LRB- i.e. C , D , E etc -RRB- . Other than that , this is an excellent product .
 I bought this dado blade as the result of reading a review in a woodworking magazine . I needed it to make about 300 dado cuts in plywood for a project that needed to be done quickly . The blade made very clean cuts . In fact , another woodworker saw the results and though I might have used a router since the cuts were so clean . The bottoms of the cuts are flat and were fairly smooth.The blade storage case is nice to have . It comes with plastic spacers to separate the chippers and blades from one another when the blade is stored in the case . These spacers are a little cumbersome to use and the blades had moved around in the case when I first opened the box.The chippers are not labeled so I had to use calipers to figure out which chipper was which . Once figured out the thickness of chipper and labeled the chippers with a permanent marker , the blades were easy to set up for the correct thickness using charts that came with the blade . I was using 1 / 2 '' plywood and set the width of the cut to 15/32 '' and the width of the cut was perfect . The blade included metal shims for fine-tuning the width of the cut , but I did not need them.The blade also includes a DVD that shows how to use it . I was able to use the blade without the DVD , but the videos were well done and contained useful reminders on how to use the blade safely.One thing you 'll need to use this blade is a new table saw insert . I made a new one out of hardwood using a planer and bandsaw . I then clamped a dado sled on top of it and raised the blade into the insert , creating a zero clearance hole for the dado blade . If you do n't want to go to this trouble , you can always buy an insert.This is an expensive dado set , but the results are excellent . Since I plan to use it to make nice casework -LRB- and wood is expensive -RRB- , it is worth the money .
 I bought this Freud 8 '' Super Dado set , hoping to improve on my Sears Excalibur adjustable . Success ! The adjustable Sears blade left a slight roundness at the bottom of the cut . When making finger joints , you could see a slight belly where the bottom of the groove met the flats of the adjoining finger . With the Freud Super Dado , it makes a perfectly flat mating . Not even a thousandths of a gap anywhere along the edge of it.Critically speaking , their is a tiny ridge that is made when you look down into the groove at the bottom , but it is so small , that you have to scratch it up to a moving blade , or should I say multiple blades . It does not result in any edge imperfections whatsoever . At first notice , I was relieved to see a perfectly smooth cut . After using it multiple times , and looking too deeply , I noticed the tiniest ridges . I believe these ridges are a result of having to move the board across the blade , and all it takes is the slightest movement as to the heighth of the board , to cause it to get closer to the blade , and thereby giving you the tiniest ridge midstream . Even with that , their is n't anything less than a perfect seam along the outside edge , without having to do any sanding , filing , chiseling etc. . It is perfect right off of the blade.The dado this blade makes is perfectly flat , smooth , and at a perfect right angle . I just went into inspect a job that I just did in large sized wood , and did not notice even a slight edge imperfection in all of the joints I inspected.In plain words , perfect joints , great price for a tool of this quality -LRB- zero tearout as well -RRB- . I have n't tried every dado blade out there , but I feel comfortable saying that if I had to do it all over again , I would buy this again . How do you improve on the best . Hope this helps .
 I must applaud Amazon.com , I ordered this set on Sat -LRB- 3/1 -RRB- and received it on Thu -LRB- 3/6 -RRB- , that 's some response . On to the blade . I 've been using a craftsman dado set for the last several years -LRB- non-carbide -RRB- , it never gave flat bottom channels , and chipped the hell out of plywood . PLEASE READ THE INSTRUCTIONS THAT COME WITH THIS BLADE . I like most macho guys do n't usually read instructions , and nothing was different when I got this dado set . I popped it into my saw to cut 1/2 '' width , and get this , I did n't even see the words in big bold letters printed on each outside blade that said `` this side out '' , yep , I put them facing `` inwards '' , made my cut . I was impressed as hell , 90 % better than my craftsman , nice fairly flat bottom with 2 very fine deeper depressions in the bottom of the cut channel from the outside blades . I was still impressed , but said to myself for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- it should be better than this . Yep , that 's when I had the brainstorm to read the instructions and also noticed I had the outside blades facing the wrong direction . Well , upon reading the instructions -LRB- after you face the outside blades in the right direction -RRB- you will see how to orient the teeth of the outside blades to each other by following the picture 's of the teeth orientation in the instructions . Well , after I did all this , blades and teeth orientated properly , this thing cut like a jewell , perfectly flat bottom , no uneven channels . The only thing is 2 very very fine cuts -LRB- from the outside blades -RRB- on each side of the channel where it meets the wall about 1 or 2 thousandths deep , not noticeable if you were n't looking at it.I am very satisfied with this dado set . Then onto the real test , crosscutting oak veneered plywood , cut a 1/2 '' channel across the grain of the plywood , could n't believe it , no chipping at all , not even a little , the cut was perfect . I have never used or even seen the Forrest dado set in action but find it very hard to believe it will cut a better dado for the extra -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- you 'd spend on the Forrest . This is one great set and highly recommend it to even the most discerning woodworker .
 I wanted to improve my dados over the current method I have been using , my router . I built a jig to cut `` odd size '' dados by making multiple passes ... but now I would like to have something that produces top quality dados without a lot of set up time . Several of my friends have dados , two of them use Freud so I was able to use one prior to my purchase . The flat bottom and the clean edges produced by the SD 508 really makes it a `` Super Dado '' just as advertised !
 Not a good unit for the price . This has gone up since I bought it and is too high . All the shims are accurate and easy to set up . I thought a high dollar dial-in would have been nice but those were at least twice the price and do not always give a flat bottomed dado , but now I wonder at the current price .
 Very high quality product -- all that I would expect from `` Freud ''
 My wife and I collect lots of books and we make free standing book cases to hold them out of plywood , pine and oak . Tight fitting dados are a must , the other dado sets we tried did not accomodate thin plywood or thick oak plank -LRB- from our planner -RRB- as convenently as the Freud Super Dado Set.If you cut dados on a table saw , you are cutting them blind and know how dificult it is to get the dados to line up on both boards . Fixing this problem is easy with a JDS Accu-Miter . First , all your boards are exactly the same length.Second , the Accu-Miter lets you put the dado in exactly the same position . Finally , the Accu-Miter provides the much needed support along the board while you make the cut .
 I purchased the blade based on numerous reviews in magazines and on on-line forums . However , it does leave scoring marks on the outside right blade . Other than that a 5-STAR purchase . Also the price was great too !
 This set comes nicely packaged -LRB- could have a better case -RRB- with good instructions and is quality , It makes beautiful cuts , however , I am reluctant to give it a full 5 stars because on softer woods and plywood , at lower speeds , it does chip/splinter , somewhat , -LRB- it says chip free -RRB- . If you have a good motor on your saw with some good rpm 's you should get no splintering -LRB- My old motor has beed rebuilt 2 times -RRB- . In my opinon If you want a good dado for your money this is the one.-I 'm happy.-though I should be buying a new table saw , not dado sets ...
 Freud is n't your run of the mill brand , and neither is this stack dado . Very precise .
 Great product . But now , maybe , the dial-in model is newer and easier if it produces as good a cut as SD 508 ???
 Buyer beware ! We all assume that buying online will be our best value . I 've found this same item at Home Depot for a $ 100.00 less
 Little needs to be said about a blade this awesome . If you wantaccurate and true flat bottomed dato 's with NO chip out on either of side . This is the blade for you !
 The cut produced by this blade is everything I expected and more ; sure , it does leave the bottom with a slight in-cut from the side cutters , but I believe any dado will . Bottoms are otherwise flat and true ; little or no chipout , even on veneer plywood . I 'd definitely buy this again -LRB- hopefully I wo n't need to -RRB- . Would be nice if the blades and shims were somehow marked as to size , but I can live with this .
 I have a 3HP Delta Unisaw and have a made quite a few cuts with the SD508 . It make repeatable , glass smooth dado 's . Set up is easy . The instructions are sparse , but they are adequate . The case is great . It helps avoid dinging the blades/chippers . All the shims you 'll ever need are there . I have a friend who purchased the SD506 and is equally happy .
 Having done all those types of cuts with a router , I had never used a dado set before . After having read all the reviews , I sprung for the Super Dado . I have nothing to compare it to , but the results were just amazing ! I was test fitting a joint after my first cut and it was so perfect I wondered if it needed glue . The set up/sizing chart it comes with is dead on , but just in case it comes with shims . None of the chippers are marked with their sizes so you have to look carefully at an edge -LRB- or measure , but there are only three sizes . -RRB- I highly recommend it !
 I have now been using this dado stack for two years and it still works great . I have a small cabinet shop if you are curious . I use it mainly in plywoods and melamine . It wooks incredibly well in these . I would surely buy another if I neeeded to .
 I 've had this dado set for about 4 years and have plowed untold feet of dadoes and grooves in hardwood , plywood and MDF . I can always count on getting clean , chipout free , flat bottomed dadoes with this set . The 3/32 '' chipper makes it much easier to set up for undersized plywood or oversize laminates.If you 're looking for the same quality for a less money , consider Freud 's 6 '' stacked dado set .
 I 've had this dado set for 3 months and it has performed very well . The blades come in a sturdy case . The cut is very smooth with little cut-out even on plywood.If I had to say something negative , I would have liked the spacers to be labeled for thickness . It 's easy to caliper though.The price was great on Amazon and shipping was free .
 Bought my super dado set about 2 years ago . Does an outstanding job of cutting dados/rabbitts -LRB- sp -RRB- in plywood/hardwood/etc . Nice case . Easy instructions . Easy to use on tablesaw , somewhat scary to use on radial arm saw -LRB- guard does n't fit -RRB- .
 I selected this set because of the negative rake angle . This geometry eliminates splintering when cutting dados cross grain in plywood . I am quite pleased with the results so far . Additionally , the bottom of the dado is very clean and even .
 Most of us consider a $ 200 set of table saw blades to be quite an investment . Certain things are expected with a purchase like this . Packaging that is the exact same as what surrounds a barbie doll is not one of them . My $ 100 cordless drill has a thick case with secure latches and solid support for the drill . Imagine the disappointment when I opened the amazon box and discovered a flimsy plastic case that looks like it should contain a toy . No big deal I thought , until I opened the case and found a broken plastic clam shell surround , with paper thin clam shell discs separating the blades . Now I read some reviews from folks who commented positively on this case . Seriously !? This is dollar store packaging . Indeed , the same stuff your take-out meal is packed with is the exact same material your new $ 200 stack dado is surrounded by . Thank goodness the blades were OK and are outstanding . Sharp , heavy , well made , with minimal batman ears on the cuts . Blades certainly worthy of a solid , secure case and surround . The only reason I did n't give this 3 stars or lower is because of the quality of the blades , which is what really matters . If you are planning on using this set on job sites you better plan on building a custom case for them as this one wo n't last a farting spell . I already have plans to construct them a real storage case , however for $ 200 I should n't have to .
 Full set of metric and industrial sized hex . Well organized , as solid as can be -LRB- the super tiny ones are n't super strong , but thats just reality -RRB- . The small ones are extremely small . I ca n't see needing a smaller/larger hex head .
 For the number of hex keys you get , this is a pretty good value . They 're pretty sturdy and I did n't have any issues with the case . However , I took one star off because my set was missing the 0.9 mm wrench . Not a huge deal to me as I 'm unlikely to need one that small , but it 's still discouraging that I did n't receive the full set .
 I was shocked at the size of the box that I received . This is a much larger set than the photo or the price indicated.All of the wrenches have long shafts that will allow you to work in tight spaces . I was looking for one wrench , to adjust a laser and I found this set at a great price . All are held in place at two points and I believe they will stay that way . Although you will most likely find some loose from the rough shipping!I highly recommend this set .
 This product is a complete set , sturdy enough to do what its suppose to do plus the fact that it has the metric sizes which is kinda hard to find ... its a great investment . .
 This is a large set of standard length hex key or allen wrench . Standard and metric . The case is nice and keeps them organized . It has a hole in the back to hang it up if you wanted to . These are not ball end keys . They have a black oxide finish which should help to keep them from rusting too easily .
 Great Hex key set for the price . I have n't ever seen another set this good for what this one cost . Highly recommend this quality set if you can get this for under $ 15 .
 A very nice set of Allen wrenches . All fit well in the case and the case snaps shut solidly . I bought the set for the very small wrenches that were included and they worked well . A very good value for what you get .
 Gets you a lot of hex keys for the money . The case is cheap and crude , but seems durable enough . The only issue is the keys do n't always fit in their slots well and stay put . Some of the keys were slightly bent , which is not a big deal to fix . You get what you pay for , and in this case it 's a lot of variety in one package . These are quite a bit longer than your average cheapo hex keys , so that 's a plus as well .
 At this price , you ca n't expect a miracle . Still , what you get here is a full set of good quality hex keys -LRB- both metric and standard -RRB- , for a good price . Yeah , the box they come in kind of sucks , but I was n't buying a box , I was buying tools . They work well for all applications , I have no complaints .
 I just got this set , and so ca n't make much of a statement about its durability . I have used the 5/64 wrench to tighten the handle on my kitchen water filter faucet , and it worked well , did n't become twisted . I had a problem with the case , though . The closure was so tight that I had to use a short screwdriver to pry it open . And so , I took it upon myself to modify the latches -LRB- there are three -RRB- in an attempt to loosen things up a bit . I went slow on that , but inadvertently went a very little bit too far and made the case be a little too loose in the latching . I 'd advise people to be careful with the tools if they undertake carving on it -- one definitely can go too far and make the case be a bit of a problem . As far as the wrenches staying put in their places in the case goes
 Comprehensive set down to very small sizes . Great addition to the handymans tool set for a great price .
 Yes , the box is n't the greatest but it 's adequate . The set is everything you will ever need , and the price is reasonable . Highly recommended .
 Has every size I 'll ever use and a bunch I wont . As said in the other reviews , the low quality case leaves a lot to be desired .
 Well please with both the product and the prompt shipment . These tools have been so handy when it comes to small item repairs .
 This is a nice , heavy duty set in a solid case . Great value for this set .
 I 've been extremely pleased with this set of Hex Key 's thus far . I 'm just wondering if I will ever get to use them all , but either way they are nice to have around and handy !
 Was looking for a hex key set with certain sizes as a gift for my husband . This was perfect , had every size he needed and more .
 Fuller tools reputation remains intact.This is a well presented set of Hex Keys that most mechanically minded guys will have in the tool box . Well secured in a bright yellow carrying case , they will be hard to misplace . Well worth the price .
 Good set of hex keys at a great price . The set goes down to smaller sizes than mos others on the economical market .
 I had smaller sets of hex keys , one in metric and one in SAE sizes . Always had to go looking for them . This is large enough to keep from losing it and has both metric & SAE in one box. ,
 To be honest I bought this set because it contained the tiny size 1.3 Metric key , which I was unable to find anywhere in my town . -LRB- I needed it to adjust the sights on my handgun -RRB- Otherwise this looks like a good set and is sure to come in handy for the future.I give it 4 stars due to the fact it does not hold the keys very well , but that is the only flaw I can see .
 I had read all the reviews so bought this with some nervousness , but overall I am happy with the set . The case is your typical hard plastic case , but I have n't had a problem yet with pieces falling out . I have been gentle with it and it has remained at home . One review said the smaller wrenches were n't shaped correctly - i have n't found this to be a problem . I bought the whole set for the second-to-smallest wrench that I needed and could not find at the local hardware store or a hobby shop and it works well for what i need it for . Overall i would buy it again , and it seems like no shop locally carries something with such small wrenches like this .
 I play paintball and this set has every key I 've ever needed . A lot of the sets at stores do n't have the smaller sizes which some markers in paintball require to completely disassemble.Ignore the reviews about the case . As long as you push the keys in their proper spot and get it to snap in you can close it up and shake it till your arms get tired without a key moving.This case goes in my paintball bag and gets carried around every weekend and I have never found a loose key . This is by far the nicest set I 've ever found . The sizes are perfect and there are no imperfections at all.BUY THIS NOW !
 I bought two sets to get free shipping , but was still charged for shipping . One of the sets had the smallest metric key missing . The case is more bulky than it needs to be . The keys work fine .
 Length :
 Has a very sturdy case ... watch yourself I lost a chunk of skin the first time I closed it . I dont think I will ever have a need for the smallest Allen in there but I 'll have it if I do .
 Fuller Tool 130-8030 30-Piece Combo SAE/Metric Hex Key SetExcellent collection in a case that actually keeps the tools in the case .
 I bought this set because I needed a particular hex key . I figured I would buy a set just in case I needed another size in the future . Well , there has n't been a hex key need this has n't filled . I do n't imagine I 'll be buying anything more . . ever . They seem quite sturdy and since I do n't use them every day , the packaging has n't been an issue . For the price , I thought it was a good buy .
 Great key set but as the other reviews stated , the wrenches fall out of place if you move the box around
 I was wary about the box/case after reading others ' experiences . No need to be , really . The tools are substantial and well-made . And the carrying box is nowhere near so flimsy or unreliable as others say here . It 's solid and seems to hold the keys well.This is a good buy - and likely to meet most people 's needs for a lifetime .
 The 8 inch Super Dado set is almost flawless and about 10 % cheaper than the Forrest set . If you 're an average woodworker it will do just fine . The shims are not labeled , but you can easily tell them apart by the thickness . I give the saw blades a 5 star and the Freud cheap plastic case and packing a 1 star at best . The case will likely be broken or at least the inside packing will be damaged -LRB- as mine was -RRB- . I called Freud and they did send me a new case . So , 4 stars overall .
 As usual the IRWIN tools are very tough.What I like the most with the adjustable key is that it has a good grip and the possibility to adjust the opening of the wrench in advance -LRB- in inches or minimeters -RRB- . I was totally satisfy with my purchase . I recommand this key to everyone who wants to buy a good adjustable key . I give 5 stars to IRWIN .
 Not a 100 % perfect match for the color I needed , but way better price than big-box store and overall a good quality product .
 This edge banding is great . Easy to iron on and trim . Totally pleased with this product . I can not , however , make another purchase from Amazon until working conditions at their Breinigsville , PA warehouse improve . I will not support a company that treats their employees with such slave-like conditions .
 I do not normally build cabinets , desks , or wall units with mica finishes . I had to build a few cabinets in the kitchen of a friends home that got water damaged from a leaking dishwasher . I bought this edge tape to finish the edges of the melamine cabinet boxes and the interior shelves . The edge tape adhered fast and held tight . Trimming it was easy and a light sanding on the finished edges to knock down and ease the sharp edges was equally as easy.My only real complaint -LRB- and this may be common on PVC tapes -RRB- is that it was easier to trim the tape with a utility knife than with an edge trimmer . It also builds up & clogs the sandpaper quickly . Other than that , if you have to use an edge tape , this one should work for you .
 While purchasing tools for my first workshop I did alot of research into what tools I needed , and what the best brand names were for the money . Freud was recommened several times when it came to saw blades , and router bits . My new Dado set is awesome . . I can make tenons , and slot wood with great accuracy , and a smooth finish with no tear out on the wood . They can be expensive , no doubt ... but its money well spent when you invest in a Freud Dado set .
 Makes perfect , flat bottomed dadoes . The reason I did n't give it a 5 star rating is that the set does not come with a shim set for customizing the width , like both sets of 8 '' Freud dadoes I have .
 This is giving my new built-ins the finishing touch I was looking for . Delivery was a little slow but I was immediately notified of stocking issues.Great product , exceptional communication from vendor , and no reason to drop a single star .
 Set was packed well , shipped rapidly and received it today . Am very pleased with the set of tools -LRB- small for working on small items -RRB- . Thank you to Johnson Level & Tool for taking good care of my order .
 I bought this because I was trying to find a very specific screwdriver size for my prescription glasses.I ordered several different sets and none of them had what I needed , not only did this set have the size I needed the quality is exquisite exactly like something you would expect to buy back in the day were workmanship and craftsmanship was priority rather than the last expectation !! I remember messing with screwdrivers like this in the 80 's when trying to build a toy/fix something/etc . Anyone that appreciates good tools will definitely be grateful for the thoughtful gesture , this is a simple but yet great gift idea and a must have for any household -LRB- you can never have enough tools -RRB- . I would definitely recommend buying this and I would buy it again no question about it .
 A great set to have for those pesky little screws you encounter when opening up your computer or laptop to install memory etc. ... . also great for eyeglasses . The case is a joke . I took mine out and put them in an old clam shell eyeglass case .
 I wanted a better set of minature screwdrivers.My research indicated that this Fuller set was what I wanted.Well-made and strong with a good range of sizes .
 Nice set of drivers . Well finished and a good selection for most small work .
 Not the greatest set ever , but for the price you ca n't expect to be blown away . I 'll probably use these twice a year , so they 're more than adequate for that . If you 're looking for occasional fix jobs this is great . If you 're looking for serious use , you might look elsewhere.details
 I 've been using the set to work on vintage cameras-no problems so far.Set is neatly stored in plastic container .
 For precision work , this set includes the sizes I need most often . I hesitated to purchase it to begin with due to comments about the cheap case/package , but I was pleasantly surprised by it . I have certainly had very bad cases before and although this one is not perfect , it is good enough for me and I 'm fairly picky . What can you expect for just over six bucks?On a side note , I did notice before opening the box that the bits on 2 of the hex drivers were not completely straight . This is an obvious manufacturing defect and I have contacted Fuller Tools about it to see if they will replace them . While it wo n't impede me from using them in the meanwhile , they are bent enough to be a bit annoying for precision work . Yet again , what can you expect for the price ? Either way , I believe these are certainly well worth the price that I paid .
 I used this set on some electronics and a few watch screws and it worked well . The only complaint I have is that 2 of the screwdrivers tips came loose while loosening a screw . They are only glued in and when they came loose , the tips would just spin . I pulled them out and used some Loctite , I could use them again in an hour . This set is a good value , but I was a bit disappointed how quickly two of them needed repair.Update
 Length :
 Good little set of micro screw drivers for the price . If used for purpose intended , they should last a long time .
 I 've been wearing loose glasses for quite a bit and I was too lazy to go to a glass shop to get it fixed . This set has all sizes you need to work on small items , fix glasses , pocket knives etc. . You get all you need for around 10 dollars .
 I work in IT and had a nice proper toolkit that over the years has been depleted . I bought this to replace the smaller screwdrivers that I need to repair work . For $ 10 , I did n't expect much -LRB- and neither should you . -RRB- But for $ 10 , they 're essentially disposable . They 're decent quality and have lasted well for me but like most cheap screwdrivers , heads of the screws will be stripped.So , for the price it works well , but do n't expect amazing quality .
 When your sister lives 700 miles away but she needs your help and your tool kit to repair something , what are you going to do ? Do you hop in your car and drive 700 miles over to her ? Do you buy an airline ticket and take about a week to travel to her ? Or do you simply log onto Amazon.com , scroll down the lists of various tools , find a suitable tool set and have it shipped to her ?
 Good set of tools for very small work . Many options and seem like good quality .
 Very useful tool for fix glassalso can different size of screw ~ ~
 this is a great set for the money that I paid or it . i use it to replace batteries on my child 's toys .
 These are not magnetic and the grips could be bigger , but hey , they do their job . Case could be more durable .
 Gave this to my husband for Christmas and he loved it . He has wanted a Precision Screwdriver Set forever . Great price , and product works well .
 I bought this set to change a battery on one of my watches . Hoping this set will allow me to change my watch and other watch batteries in the future . Not even the smallest screwdriver fit . I know . I know . I should have measured the screw , but I ASSUMED one would work . Overall , the set it fine for other small tasks around the house . I recommend it for those purposes .
 Gave them to my husband . He said the set is more complete than two others that he has . Good Price .
 excellent product important to the family would buy again if needed , durable and recommend it to everyone is required to have
 If you are a do-it-yourselfer like me , it is hard to believe I went so long without a precision screwdriver set . I have found many items to use it on , including replacing electronics batteries , fixing a watch , and other small scale project . i read many reviews where customers complained about similar sets twisting and breaking prematurely . I have not found that with this set and have found it to be very durable .
 this is a great product if you have toys or a very small product . I purchased something on the internet and needed to open it up . I went to every store there is and coul ` nt find the tools . So I procured this and am happy that I did .
 this is a nice lil tool to have for all those small electronics you would love to open up as i do myself . it was only $ 6.20 when i ordered it lol the price went up now i guess but still a good deal . the only thing they need to start doing is making these things in a rubber grip fashion so u can have ultimate grip.PS
 I have several package screw driver of this type.my father has too!some of them are 30 years old!and these stay alive more than anyother screw driver!the price is best.the reason that i did n't give 4 star two this screw driver is , first of all it does n't have plastic handle , if you work more than 15 minutes , you fill pain in your hand!second it has bad smell !
 Of course it 's not a high quality as higher prices sets , but for the price , this is a set that you 'll be able to use to take the tiny screws out of things you would n't normally have the tools for .
 However the size of the ratch was too large for my specs .
 When i received the package i first noticed the case . It sucked . But once i got past the case i found very nicely made set of screwdrivers , no surprises there . The set contains a cross-section of each type of head . The six in the middle have holes drilled near the top for a small bar , which is included , for increased torque . These are good , but i wish they would have drilled that little hole in all of them . It nots a big set but it does supplement most previously purchased sets.The guy below that complains about the non-magnetic heads has obviously never owned a magnetizer/demagnetizer tool in which you put the tool through a hole which magnetizes it , take out the screw , then put it through another hole in the bottom to demagnetize it.A good buy .
 I seem to be having a few more problems with my computers lately ... so that meant it was time to invest in a tool set for this sort of stuff . Well , I have to say these tools worked great for replacing my hard drive in my laptop and for other odds-and-ends . Everything in this pack has a purpose and even though I have n't had a need for all of them , I bet before long I will . Mine have held up well over the 3 projects they have been used . No broken tools or complaints yet !
 I have had three or four flat head Fuller Precision Screwdrivers for a quite a while but over the years they have all gone missing . I finally took the plunge and bought the set . It was only ten bucks . Yeah the case is a hardshell plastic , not great , but they are in their own divided labeled spot in the case . I think a cloth/vinyl roll up tool case would have been better . The tools seem to be fine , i have already used them once . I cant comment on the glued in place report , if they do come apart i will comment again . If your into electronics , handy or just a DiY you need these .
 A good and versatile set of tools . One complaint
 I was happy with this purchase , the screwdriver set was very useful when I was fixing some small electronic devices . Ca n't really go wrong for the price . 4/5
 These are a great set for the price you 're paying.The case is fine -LRB- again , if I wanted a nicer case I 'd be paying an extra $ 10 -RRB- and the tools have a great assortment and seems to be made well.Highly recommended for light/occasional use .
 I boughr this screw driver set for fixing my Dell Laptop screen which was dislocated due to rought use . This produt provided my variety of scre drivers with -LRB- half normal and half 4 point -RRB- . I will recomment this for evryone who is dealing with smaller screws , specially with delicate electronic equipment like laptops.The only bad thing is that if you tr to apply too much force on it , its tips starts reducing there sharpness , which happened wth me when I tries to fix hinges of my laptop screen . .
 This set is great the only thing I do not like about it is the handles are too small , it hurts alot trying to get out screws that are screwed in really tight , I had to use a sock on top so my hand would n't get bruised anymore , oh and the smallest hexagon tool is bent on mine , it does n't bother me because I do n't use it but it 's worth mentioning .
 Received very promptly -- thanks ! This kit is great for small jobs requiring small drivers . Excellent range of sizes !
 The tools were shipped on time and looked brand new , even though they were sold as used.Thanks for quality
 Very good product . Had all the tools I needed and ca n't beat the price .
 Nice looking , heavy weight - a nice complement to the hardwood floors . I like it a lot - might buy a second one .
 Altho not romantic looking , if you do Dremel , you should have this set of collets and nut . Sooner or later you 're going to need them , so get them now!Ron Sheets
 Here 's a seldom used tool that 's handy to have around the house . I needed a sledge hammer for taking out a concrete slab in the back yard . I probably could have hired someone to do it , but why should I have someone come in and do the work and then join the gym to get my exercise ? No , I 'm a `` do it your self '' guy wherever possible . What I needed was a sledge hammer , a wheelbarrow -LRB- already had one -RRB- and a lot of grunting . I chose a 10 pounder sledge because it was about all I could handle -LRB- I 'm 75 -RRB- . I chose one with a fiberglass handle because I 've had a history of breaking wooden handles . The sledge worked fine . No trouble at all . It still looks like new and it 's now been sitting in the garage for over five years . Who knows , maybe I 'll need it again some day ? Or , I might lend it to neighbors on occasion.Gary Peterson
 I was pleasantly surprised at how much my boyfriend has actually used the screwdriving set . Overall , for most projects you 'll be reaching for one of the attachments or another to make jobs go quicker ! The mug is a nice plus , fits in the ` ol Pickup drink holder for cold mornings !!
 Bought a case of these as Christmas gifts for the other guys in the shop . What a hoot . A great deal
 this is a very handy product , especially if you have an air hammer and compressor . not all wrench adaptors are included but the ones that are will definatly get put to use . i use this product in an automotive shop and it has held up very well .
 This amazing tool set makes the process of removing fan clucthes fairly simple and easy . Used it for the first time to replace water pump on Hummer H2 with 200,000 miles . The clucth nut broke loose in a breeze without any damages.The tool is built pretty solid and a real time saver .
 Great tool set . Havent found a fan clutch -LRB- yet -RRB- that I have not been able to remove .
 as a auto tech I often run into jobs where i have to remove fan clutches that have been untouched for 5 to 10 years which can be almost impossible to remove with a regular fan wrench . but not this thing . a couple of short bursts with a air hammer and its done AMAZING .
 As described , works very well . I can say is the same as the one you buy at the tool truck for over 300 dls .
 I bought this set to remove the BMW fan clutch . This set is perfect , it come with 32mm already you do n't have to buy addictional that they recomment when check out at the end .
 This Product works great . The product comes with the 32mm wrench also but does not list that it comes with it .
 I saw this on snap-on truck bought it for $ 200 found the tool here for half that . I am pleased with my purchase .
 Wife was so excited when I brought this home !!! Night life will never be the same !!!
 I bought a 14.4 Dewalt drill driver back in about 1993 while doing super extensive remodeling work on a house . I found the tool to be the most useful thing I had besides my Milwaulkee Sawsall . It had a ton of power -LRB- like others said , if you 're used to `` handyman '' style junk , you might strip some screws with this baby -RRB- and the batteries lasted a long time.The mid-handle and ergonomics are the best . The charger is smart and only charges when needed , goes from flat to charged in 1 hour . Clutch has plenty of adjustment . The original screw tips that come with it and snap on the sides are still not chewed up and look perfect , some 6 + years later after tons of use . AFter TONS of use , the batteries are wearing out and I eventually destroyed highgear on it , but I 'm buying another since Amazon has them so cheap . I 'll keep my other one for parts just in case.I have seen makita tools and used them , and although they do make some good products , in this catagory I personally can not see them lasting 1/2 as long as Dewalt . I know a guy who 's brother drives a truck for Dewalt and he 's been to construction sites where guys come and give him a Makita - they say something like `` take this piece of junk ! '' and buy a Dewalt . And you 're SUPPORTING USA.Recommended accessories : * Magnetic screw holder w/sleeve for holding drywall screws for one-handed driving * holster for climbing ladders and such .
 I was very concerned about buying a refurbished product , but ultimately the warranty this drill carries convinced me . A coworker of mine had previously bought a 12 volt Refurbished DeWalt drill . His drill was visible used and the case also had obvious use and abuse to it.I was blown away when I received my drill , it looks absolutely perfect . The case looks brand new and the drill itself does n't have a scratch . I charged the two batteries up in about 2 hours and this drill works like a champ.Make sure to use the variable clutch , as this thing certainly has enough power to strip out screws . It definitely has more power than I 'll need in normal use , but I 'd certainly rather have too much than not enough .
 I was kind of concerned about the `` blemish '' thing , too . But the one I got looks BRAND NEW ! Not a mark on it . Both batteries charged up in about an hour . Used it only once so far , but I 'm very happy ! ...
 I was a little leery of buying the reconditioned model , but it 's worked like a champ . I bought it in anticipation of a home purchase . It has been a workhorse throughout everything I 've had to do on the house . I only found one cosmetic blemish , and that 's barely noticeable . I 'd buy another one in an instant .
 DeWalt 's 14.4-volt is the ideal-sized cordless power drill for home use , and rugged enough for professionals , from the top name brand in the business.The 18-volt drill is more powerful but substantially heavier , so accuracy can be impacted for home users when you merely want to drill into drywall . The drilling power and stamina of this model is where it shines . I ca n't believe the price , either . DeWalt models are rarely ... much . Although I have no experience with the factory reconditioned models , I 'd be surprised if DeWalt would not stand by them just as much as it does its brand-new versions .
 The Makita was delivered in six days . Everything was in excellant condition . I have had no problems with the saw and I love it ! The larger size blade is exactly what I need in order to cross cut the various sizes of lumber I am working with . I believe the 12 '' saw will work better than the sliding 10 '' compound Makita . I encourage anyone who would go with a 10 '' to step up to the 12 '' blade .
 Smooth is the word here ... . soft starts , and no bogging down with the electronic motor control . Dead on right out of the box . Nice cutting capacities ... . will do the vast majority of what a SCMS will do for a lot less money . Easy to carry despite its size - handle is in just the right spot . Highly recommended .
 What can I say . I ca n't find anything wrong with it . Check the adjustment between the fence and the blade once in a while .
 I was so glad to find band saw blades for my saw as it is rather old . These blades fit perfectly and preformed the same .
 This drill is the perfect tradeoff between weight and power . The 18Vs are just too heavy for long use . This drill will easily snap the heads of screws if you do n't pay attention to the clutch setting . I have never felt that this did n't have enough power , and have often wished for a little lighter . But , unfortunately , you do n't save much weight with the lower voltage drills . I change the chuck on mine to a 1/2 '' which leads me to the title . The newer MForce is one of the only 12V drills on the market to come with a 1/2 '' chuck standard -LRB- not all versions -RRB- .
 We used this to keep deer and other animals out of our vegetable garden . We put posts every ten feet or so and attached the fence to them using staples . The fence material reminds me of fishing line - it is thin and pretty much invisible from a distance . Despite this , it has done a marvelous job of protecting our veggies . Our theory is that the fence spooks the deer who walk into it - they ca n't see it and probably do n't really understand what 's happening when they hit it . The only downside is that vegetation really gets tangled in it something fierce and you do have to patch it occasionally when a particularly determined animal or mother nature damages it . Honestly though , where can you find deer fencing for this price ?
 I put this up around my garden last year using 1 '' PVC pipes set in concrete . I stapled the netting to the pipes . I put 2 ' high chicken wire at the bottom , 1 ' of it folded on to the ground ; this was so rabbits could not burrow under it . I did n't not have any problems with deer , and I live out in the countryside where deer are plentiful ; we even have a herd that loves to hang out around our house . I also have lots of wild rabbits in the area , and they did eat some of the vegetables , but only around the very edges ; they where seemingly not able to get through it , at least with the chicken wire at the bottom . For the price it is very effective . This year I am thinking about covering the top of the garden with it as well , to keep birds out of my berries .
 I had no trouble stapling this netting to some upright posts to surround a raised garden bed . It 's reasonably sturdy for what it is - netting . I just have seedlings growing now so I ca n't say for sure how it will do against the deer when they really want to get in . It 's hardly a solid barrier , but hopefully enough of a deterrent .
 Very happy with product so far . Came on time and undamaged . I put up fencing in area that deer just destroy as the new plants begin to grow . No deer have gone through fencing and I could n't be more pleased . I am in the process of running deer fencing across a much larger area and I feel very confident that I will have the same success . Several of my friends have seen it and are going to try it themselves . Fencing would not hold back a herd or if deer were running but since my property is on a hill feel it should work fine . If you have a lot of deer would need the heaver of the netting .
 I have had this Ross Protective Deer Netting over various plants and flowers in my yard for a couple of weeks . Even the pansies are intact . Previously , the deer ate everything except the most prickly or smelly plant in the ground . I am very pleased with this netting , and it is certainly a good value . It 's easy to cover the plants and I barely see it once it 's installed .
 I was having problems with deer eating my azaleaz and roses in the middle of my circle drive . I live in the edge of the national forest so deer are here all the time but normally not this close to our house . I tried all sorts of stink baits , deoderant soap , human hair , etc. placed in the area and none of these worked . I decided to try the net fence because the price was reasonable for the area I needed to protect . The area I am protecting is approximately 250 feet around . Since my circle drive is lined with pine trees , I used bailing twine to span from tree to tree and then hung the netting on this line with clothes pins just like hanging out the wash . At the bottom I placed rock on the netting . I left vertical splits in the netting so I could get into this area when I needed to -LRB- watering , clean-up , etc. -RRB- . It has been over a month now with no deer getting into this area . While this would not stop running deer by any means , they are not running when they come to check out the tender growth of these plants to munch on . Apparently when they try to sneak into this area they hit the fence and do n't like the feel of it on their faces and go around . The netting is great because I wanted to be able to see the plants when they are blooming and the fence is mostly invisible from a distance . I ended up lacing surveying flagging into the netting at about chest height . Then I can see if any of the fence is missing when I look out the windows of our house . Great items and is seems to have really solved my problem with the pesky deer !!
 This lightweight deer netting seems to be working . It was n't so weak that it broke when I draped it over a small garden . This is an inexpensive way to protect your garden .
 THIS IS A MUST , IF YOU HAVE ALOT OF DEER . WORKS GREAT . YEAR AFTER YEAR .0000 0000 0000 00 00
 I needed an enclosure for my chickens . This has helped considerably and cheaply . Now I do n't need to worry about them getting out and eaten .
 I use this to keep other peoples dogs or cats from leaving their &#34; presents &#34; on my yard . It works great .
 I was told by someone that this netting is just bird netting . I did n't need the full seven feet on my fence , so I doubled it higher over the top of my existing fence , so it has two layers of the netting over the top of my fence . So far it keeps the neighbors dogs out of my garden . Just on the other side of the fence I put up you can see where deer have bedded down for the night in the tall weeds . So I know the deer have been in my back yard . I 've even seen them running past my place in an open field early in the morning , but they have n't attempted to go into my garden . I like how this netting is light weight , and easy to work with , because it made it easy for me to put up by myself . It has also held up well with some high winds during storms in our area . I 'm satisfied with my purchase and I 'd recommend it for protection against deer invasion !
 This product does the trick for keeping out the deer , however the bunnies think that it is funny to nibble holes in the bottom of the netting to gain access .
 Spent 3 days surrounding my one acre property with this net . It stops deer . But dumb turkeys blast right through it . Had to dismantle the whole setup and replace it with welded wire fencing .
 We have lots of deer . They were eating even the ground cover ivy ! My neighbor was worried when he saw me driving rebar into the ground with a home-made pipe slide-hammer . But when I strung this netting between 1/2 '' rebar 10 ' apart , attached with black 4 '' cable ties from Home Depot , he came over to say he was surprised how little it showed . And my plants are recovering . Everybody 's happy except the deer . It 's a bit fragile where it 's connected to posts or stapled to a fence , but so far nothing has pushed on it hard enough to tear it loose . I think another reviewer was right that deer do n't like the feel of it on their noses . It 's visible enough that birds do n't fly into it , not visible enough to detract from the view .
 I was skeptical at first but after putting this up , I have had NO issues with deer getting into my garden . Its almost invisible which is great but at the same time its a little flimsy . No matter though , there is PLENTY of it for my needs and its very inexpensive .
 The deer were eating the cucumbers down to nothing . I tried liquid deer chase , scare crow and nothing worked . This net has saved the day .
 coming from a real person who was skeptical about this stuff now a true beliver easy to work with but you need an extra set of hands to help hold it . great stuff stronger than it looks and truly invisible once in place ... this stuff rocks i used three hundred feet of it !
 We installed 5 rolls of fence using 3/4 '' x 10 ' metal electric conduit for poles . With 2 of us installing it took about 5 hours.We used plumbers zip ties to attach to pole . Deer got in one time and have n't been back!Went up easily , no tangling of mesh . Easy to repair if broken using zip ties . We live in a pretty remote forest and have used many things to keep the deer out , this is working better than any other option
 I have tried spreading deer repelling powders , sprays , etc. and nothing works better than this . It 's easy to use , and does n't have the toxic smells that the other products have . And it works !
 excellent value . the dimensions are also helpful , as it can be cut for any purpose . Standard quality at , by far , the best price .
 This product works as advertised . The netting is a bit difficult to work with , as it gets tangled easily . It also rips easily , so handle it carefully . It does keep the deer out , though - I have not had any more problems with deer in my garden since I put it up . Unfortunately , the woodchucks manage to get under it . Next time I 'll have to install it a little differently to try to keep them out .
 I had a terrible time with deer in the garden this year -- much worse than usual . I had plants inside wire cages , but anything that grew outside was eaten , even zucchini and cucumber that they usually left alone . After installing this around the perimeter of the garden , no more deer damage ! Although thin , this is holding up well after 3 months . I added several streamers to the nearly invisible mesh to help keep the birds from flying into it . The raccoon climbs over it so I had to make sure my support poles were strong enough . This is a good product , at a very reasonable price .
 I bought this for my fathers garden . The deer ate his complete garden the previous year . You can not pull to hard on this or it may rip . He used it as a fence around the tomatoes and built boxes to cover the low plants but covered the boxes in the deer netting . The animals have yet to eat anything . The garden is flourishing .
 This product was easy to install and it seems to be working well . I will porbably be using it again .
 got the product in short time and it was in great shape . would order from them again . keeping the deer out of my grapes .
 Works great and have no deer in the garden `` yet '' since installing it . Easy to work with and we will see how it holds up
 I purchased this product to keep my dog and other animals out of my garden , without spending tons of money on chicken wire . It works great so far . We cut it in half to about 3 ' 5 '' tall , then staked it with some rebar around the edges . We also used the extra to make a compost heap and cover some plants , like strawberries to keep the birds out , and build a trellis for cucumbers and peas . Very good use for the money , and much cheaper than our local garden supply store .
 I placed this deer netting around my very first flower bed . I have VERY active deer in my neighborhood and most gardeners have given up . I started with this netting and it is worth every penny ! All my flower beds will this netting around them . My house sits pretty far back from the street and you can not even tell it is there . I once was coming out of an area that I have an opening with a rock to close it , and my tennis shoe got stuck in the bottom of the netting and threw me . If it works on humans , it works on deer ! I would not use anything else !
 I ran this netting along the back of two gardens , both which sit on the edge of our woods , and a time-worn deer trail . My first installation -LRB- using those 6-ft green plastic poles -RRB- was two months ago , prompting this new order . Second garden has remained untouched as well.From what I can see , the deer just do n't like the feel of this netting on their faces . They ca n't see it , so they do n't consider jumping over it . And so far they have n't developed the logic to go around a corner - they just continue along their habitual route.Yep , I may be back for some more -
 I have used this netting for several months now to keep deer and cats off my vegetable and berry beds . It definitely works
 I saw a lotta different reviews for deer netting , but only this brand came back with the best responses from customers . I can see why.I was having tremendous deer problems with my garden , losing seedlings early in the year , when I finally went and bought this . Only took a week or so to get to me , and it was easy to install.I too have accidentally tripped on this stuff because it 's hard to see if you forget about it , but very strong . You can rip it if you get it caught and yank really hard on it , but that 's to be expected . If a deer or other large animal comes across this netting , it 's gon na back away and move along elsewhere.Great product ; have n't had a single deer problem since I installed it .
 Deer season is over and the old bird netting that I strung around the garden worked pretty well to keep deer from eating the garden goodies . It did n't work as well as a real fence but it was cheap . I 'm hoping that the deer netting will be a little sturdier than the bird netting and that critters -LRB- dogs , raccoons ? deer ? -RRB- will not tear holes in it as easily . This netting does not appear to be made of thicker material but it is a `` square-hole '' netting rather than the `` diamond-hole '' bird netting so I 'm hopeful .
 Easy to use and works well . Keeps deer out or our vegetable garden . Virtually invisible until you are close to it .
 I received my order rather quickly . There really is not too much one can say about Deer Netting except that I am not using it for that purpose . I am using it to keep birds away from my strawberries . It actually does a fine job at that too . You lay the netting over your berry patch and the holes are small enough to prevent bids from going in and taking your berries . Believe it or not birds can do a better job than humans at stripping out a strawberry bed of ripe berries.The netting is top quality and worth what you pay for it .
 As the Manager of the critical `` Honey Do '' list that insures peace and tranquility for Life in the Castle , I need a great set of tools to get the job done . As my current tools have some age on them their performance is somewhat in question and that puts me in some peril . It has been a pleasure to launch project after project using such a reliable and powerfull tool like the Factory-Reconditioned DeWalt DW958K-2R 18-Volt 3/8 '' Cordless Compact Drill/Driver Kit . Even as a novice I have been able to bring light to the Knights , brace up items that were Dragon and rescue the Damsel before the castle was seized by Dis Repair . I owe my Kingdom and life of leisure to the increatible power of the Factory-Reconditioned DeWalt DW958K-2R 18-Volt 3/8 '' Cordless Compact Drill/Driver Kit . With the magic of this tool I will live happily ever after . Thank you Merlin for favors granted !
 As the Manager of the critical `` Honey Do '' list that insures peace and tranquility for Life in the Castle , I need a great set of tools to get the job done . As my current tools have some age on them their performance is somewhat in question and that puts me in some peril . It has been a pleasure to launch project after project using such a reliahle and powerfull tool like the Factory-Reconditioned DeWalt DW958K-2R 18-Volt 3/8 '' Cordless Compact Drill/Driver Kit . Even as a novice I have been able to bring light to the Knights , brace up items that were Dragon and rescue the Damsel before the castle was seized by Dis Repair . I owe my Kingdom and life of leisure to the increatible power of the Factory-Reconditioned DeWalt DW958K-2R 18-Volt 3/8 '' Cordless Compact Drill/Driver Kit . With the magic of this tool I will live happily ever after . Thank you Merlin for favors granted !
 The pool motor was as advertised , and installed EASY . I did need to pick up a special seal , for the install , at the local pool retail outlet . The motor is sooo quiet and we are looking forward to many years of enjoyment .
 dewalt makes drilling fun -- solid , positive action , hard to describe how great it feels unless you 've run thru a few cheap drills . hard ware , period .
 Not the best I have used but by far the best value for money . Add 50 % to the price of this set and they would still be worth it .
 This is a great product , worth more than the $ 49.95 I paid for it , but I was quite disappointed when I was able to purchase a second set at True-Value Hardware about a month later for $ 29.95 -LRB- including a $ 10rebate -RRB- . I buy lots of books from Amazon because of their favorable prices and expected the same kind of pricing would be true of their other products . Now I know only to buy books there.Doug
 I have had a chance to employ several of the new bits shortly after receiving my set . They cut beautifully . I like the countersinking guides as well . Dewalt delivered as promised . I am still awaiting word on my bonus set but I have confidence that it will be worth the wait as well
 It is so convenient . My wife and I both use it for around the house . Along with the DeWALT cordless drill -LRB- 14.4 v -RRB- things get done so quickly and easily .
 this is the perfect combination pack ... my brother kept stealing mine so I had to buy him one for Christmas . Go easy on the black Oxide drill bits though they snap a bit easy ... but the the rest of the kit is top notch
 Very well price and durable . The most complete set for such a small price
 As always great . I have used it quite a bit around the houseVery handi .
 I purchased this set for my husband and we are very pleased ! I was a little worried doing this based on the reviews this item received , but I 'm now grateful . I told him about some of the negative remarks and his opinion seems to differ . I believe this set goes perfectly with the other recently purchased Dewalt tools from Amazon ! I also believe there are some `` high enders '' out there and people who prefer one brand over another , that being said , I know he truly appreciates the quality and dependability of both Dewalt and Amazon !
 I bought this when it was on the Friday Sale at Amazon . A great bargain ! I used to have dozens of loose bits in the box that held my electric drill . Some were dull , some broken and none in any sense of order . This assortment not only includes almost anything you 'd need for a drill , but keeps them in order . I 've used DeWalt tools and bits for a long time and the quality is excellent .
 This set is very handy I like the case to keep up with all your bits ... wide variety in the kit . I 've had mine for about 6 months and have been very pleased with all of it . The only thing missing is the spade bits . There are a lot of the same bits but I liked that because it has and will be nice to have spares ... if you use yours like I do you 'll need them .
 Our son is very pleased with this set . A very good value .
 I ordered this set for my husband as a Christmas gift . It came just in time for Christmas and I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this gift for the awesome sale price I paid . My husband loved it . This is a great gift for anyone .
 For the price , this is a top notch set . Have not used them , but look very solid !
 I bought a house that had three driveway light covers that were damaged . I was delighted to find the replacements on Amazon . Isabella 's Lighting was so helpful and their customer service is superb . The replacements match exactly with the other lights that were not damaged .
 Product arrived Monday after a Saturday order . As a replacement for a driveway lamp destroyed by a concrete truck , it perfectly matched the other 9 existing lamps dating back to the 1980s . Good product , fair price , excellent service !
 Good set of bits and a nice box to hold them . Quality is good . Note does n't include in small drill bits .
 worked just it should , quality was excellent i 'm glad I was able to find it online , they were hard to find locally
 I use my Phillips # 2 screwdrivers more than anything else , so I decided that it was time to get several individual ones instead of buying more sets . I generally only purchase tools made in the USA or Germany , and this fit the bill perfectly . It was also relatively inexpensive for a good ` driver . I bought a couple of these and a couple of Xcelite screwdrivers . I have steadily stopped using cheaper screwdrivers and gone to my Wiha electrician 's screwdrivers , but I wanted something that was a little more general use . These are n't very pretty , but they 're awesome . They 're quite solid and have a hardened bit and thick shank . It 's my go-to general use screwdriver from now on .
 I bought 2 of these wall thimbles for a dual tankless -LRB- EZTankless -RRB- water heater install . Why dual ? Where I live , the water outta the tap is 42 degrees . You 'll only get a 35 degree rise at best from one tankless , so you need to feed one into the other to get up to shower temperature of 105 . The hole is 4 -5 / 8 '' -LRB- air-gap around that is 6-5/8 '' -RRB- . I believe this is for clearance . You 're just not going to get your 4 '' exhaust pipe `` dead nuts on '' lined up , so you need clearance . I just got some scrap metal vent material , and made some flanges . Cut a 6 '' circle , then cut a 4 -1 / 8 '' hole outta that , slide the flange up snug to the thimble , add 4 metal screws , put some of the supplied metal duct tape on for an air-tight fit - done ! Flanges really should be supplied with this kit . If you do n't have a pair of tin snips , and some scrap lying around , I 've seen these for about $ 4 at the local hardware depot -LRB- but they are square , so you 'll still need the tin snips if you want a professional looking install -RRB- . You 'll also need 1/2 '' sheet metal screws , and other 1 '' screws , or if your going up against drywall , maybe some drywall anchors etc. a power hand drill , and jig saw , etc. .
 Glad to get the replacement flashlight bulbs , but it took a long time , quite a few weeks for this product to get to me well after it was reportedly sent out .
 First , While the instructions look misleading / confusing / wrong , they were not . The product is just slightly counter-intuitive in a couple of ways -LRB- the two rails are not coplanar , though one would assume they should be -RRB- . The alignment of the whole setup is a little bit tedious but that 's true with most machinery . The only thing that I would like to see improved in a future version is to see the legs use levelers instead of set screws.That being said , the product , while not perfect , is very very very good . It cuts extremely well and a sliding table is so much better to use than a crosscut sled . The clamping could be improved -LRB- I 'm thinking of a way to make this better myself -RRB- as well.A note
 The only other -LRB- at this time -RRB- review is very concise and there is little that I would differ from . I went ahead -LRB- based on his recommendation -RRB- welded in screw type levelers before I started assembly and have been very happy that I did - much less aggravation than the lock screws . The instructions for assmbly are horrible , I eventually just scrapped them and studied the photograph and took it from there.The assembly runs very smoothly - I added some additional supports to try to keep it all straight and true - so far much better & safer than my old sled.I got the EX on the understanding from talking to a factory rep that I would be able to crosscut a standard sheet of plywood - and I do not see that happening.Overall - there are little field fixes -LRB- additional supports and levelers -RRB- that would have been nice , but they were small problems to overcome .
 A 35mm carbide forstner bit is just what you need to install the European style hinges . Those are best for kitchen cabinets because of their 4 way adjustability , and design for frequent use . This creates the hole in the door the hinge sits in . You can substitute a close equivalent in the English standard size bits , but that is a loose fit.This version of Freuds 35mm comes with a 3/8 '' shank . It is less money than their 1/2 '' shaft model , which is the one to get if you are sporting a 1/2 '' chuck drill or press.This is the proper tool for the proper job , and with Freuds industrial grade carbide , it is sure to last a long long time . With the outside extended scoring blade , you are sure to have clean edges , no tearing out . Well thought out . Definitely a 5 star deal .
 I have found that Forestner bits tend to get very hot and dull easily , so when I needed a bit for installing European hinges , I chose Freud 's carbide bit . The 1/2 '' shank bit may be better for some users . -LRB- I understand some use them in routers . -RRB- But for a very good price , this bit does the job perfectly .
 A 35mm carbide forstner bit is just what you need to install the European style hinges . Those are best for kitchen cabinets becasue of their 4 way adjustability , and design for frequent use . This creates the hole the door side of the hinge sits in . You can substitute a close equivalent in the English standard size bits , but that is a loose fit.This version of Freuds 35mm comes with a 1/2 '' shank . It is more money than their 3/8 '' shaft model , which is the one to get if you are sporting a 3/8 '' chuck drill.This is the proper tool for the proper job , and with Freuds industrial grade carbide , it is sure to last a long long time . With the outside extended scoring blade , you are sure to have clean edges , no tearing out . Well thought out . Definitely a 5 star deal .
 I am very , very pleased w / the black screen material . It was used to replace the aluminum -LRB- colored -RRB- screen previously installed on a screened-in patio . It 's as advertised when they say the screen almost disappears . I was amazed . When my wife first looked she thought I had n't installed the screen yet . I also do n't believe it will show the dirt as the old screen did.My one regret is that I could not find 6 ' - wide material in 100 ' lengths -LRB- I had to settle for 5 ' - wide -RRB- , so I had more waste than I would have liked .
 This is an excellent 40 mm bit for the larger cabinet or European hinges . It hasexcellent cutting and true square bottom to the hole . It does have several cautions.The first is that it is a `` left hand '' bit which means it rotates counterclockwise.If you do n't have a reversing switch on your drill press this bit will not work.Next the bit is a little over 3/8 inch diameter . If you can handle these limitationsit will work great . Being carbide it really cuts .
 I 've been replacing the anode rod every two years.My tank is 28 years old now , and still no leaks . I did have to replace the thermocouple about 12 years ago , and the pressure relief valve about 2 years ago , they have nothing to do with the anode rod , and the tank probably would have rusted out before these quit if I had n't replaced the anode rod . Sure beats replacing the tank ! I think I have saved a lot of money this way . Even if I only had to replace the tank every ten years , it still would have cost much more .
 I 've so many so called &#34; experts &#34; about this and some of them never even heard of the anode . This item is a necessary for all storage tank heaters and must be changed regularly . The item shown works as advertised and may just need to cut with a hack saw to fit your size tank . It installs onto the hot water nipple of the heater very easily . Also , its important to note that if you 're using water softener on the main water line before the heater , this item must be replaced more often . Softening water actually makes it depreciate faster it seems .
 These snips are incredibly versatile . They 're recommended by the manufacturer for thinning fruit trees . That 's just the beginning . I use them for just about everything in the garden -- cutting back & thinning shrubs , dead-heading roses and all flowering plants , even pruning smaller-diameter branches . They 're easy to get into real tight spots because they 're not as bulky as pruning shears and they 're much lighter . They 're better than scissors because you can use 'em wearing gloves and they have spring-tension so they open by themselves . I 've replaced my pruning shears with these except for anything that needs cutting that 's larger in diameter than a pencil . These snips rarely need sharpening but when they do , they 're easy to sharpen . They 're also less expensive than pruning shears so I 've purchased a few pairs and placed them around the garden so they 're always handy . Give 'em a try -- you 'll love 'em !
 I had my doubts about this after trying out the Fiskars version , but am happy to report that this is a simply outstanding tool to have at hand . It 's light , well made and sharp - basically , everything you want to have in a pruner/snips . It will slice through live , non-woody stalks up to about the diameter of a pencil without any problem at all . Perfect for cutting flowers or touch-up pruning . It can also handle woody stalks , but only to about 1/4 inch . Much more robust than the Fiskars . Really easy to maneuver into tight spots - it 's replaced my regular pruner for a lot of work . It has a clip on the base to keep it shut , so you can easily slip it into your pocket without any worries about damage -LRB- to you , that is , not the pruner -RRB- . It 's a breeze to sharpen . I recommend the Istor sharpener , but any good sharpener -LRB- or stone -RRB- will do the trick.I thought Bahco made everything in Sweden , but according to the placard that came with the clipper , this model is made in France.Excellent ! Highly recommend .
 This is the most comfortable , efficient and practical harvesting tool that I 've owned . The design is simple and operation is smooth . Cuts are clean and the blades durable . The spring-loaded handle is well-shaped for small hands and easy to use over hours of work .
 I own a few of Bahco 's products and I have been very satisfied with the consistent quality . At first glance these snips do n't look like much , but the quality of materials is great for the price . They are very comfortable to use with the spring having the perfect amount of tension . The safety latch is user friendly with a hole located just below to attach a lanyard . The only complaint is after a few months of use rust was present on the sharpened edges , but that , I guess , is to be expected and easily taken care of .
 Excellent product for cutting and cleaning grapes in the field . Fine tips make it easy to get in clusters and cut out cracking , berry moth damage , and bird damage . Also good for chasing stink bugs out of the clusters . The spring on these is not overloaded like the Corona version , so squeezing it all day wo n't burn out your hand muscles . These stay sharp a long time . Just avoid the temptation to cut anything larger than a small cane as you may break a tip off . I cut quite a few 3/4 '' vines off with these and finally busted a pair doing it . This was clearly far beyond their design specifications , though . All-in-all an excellent tool . Do n't even think about harvesting with your pruning shears any more . Just get a pair of these .
 These sharp little snips are just perfect for getting in close for flower pruning or ... harvesting clusters of grapes .
 I did n't have to hunt the stores for this product and it was less expensive than what Idid find . It camepromptly and well wrapped .
 Product as described . Great communication . Quick shipping . Best price , per my research . Would do business with again . Thanks .
 this upper thermostat I recomend for home ownwers with not experiece in change this device .
 Just what you would expect from Freud , excellent quality , reasonable price . Bought this for a cabinet project , but I expect to find many uses for it .
 So far so good with this . I have drilled about 30 holes with this into hard wood and it is still going strong . The best option for a nice clean hole .
 I 've got a set of cheap Forstner bits and they work , but not nearly as well as the Freud does . It cuts a very clean hole . I will purchase more of them as I need them .
 I 'm building an arcade cabinet , and this drill bit creates perfect , beautiful holes for Happ and ChromaLite buttons . No chipping , no centering issues , just amazing work every time .
 Freud has always been a quality tool , and as usual it does not disappoint me on this purchase . It will last me a life time .
 I was very satisfied with this bit . It has retained its sharpness through many types of hardwoods . I would definitely recommend this product
 The product was delivered on the early side of the estimated window . No visible or mechanical defects . Works great so far and the price was better than anywhere else around town with the free super shipper savings . The different colors make it easy to identify in my tool bag , or ANY body else 's for that matter . Great Product .
 If you need to cut stranded copper or aluminum cable , these cutters are the heat . These are not a general purpose wire cutter and hard wire will ruin them . Used for their intended purpose they should last forever .
 I am a small contractor . This tool was purchased for my business . The tool speaks for itself . The price on Amazon was best around .
 I needed a tool like this to make a nice clean smooth hole for a craft project that i am making . Worked like a charm . A great tool to have in my workshop .
 this is an austrian made bit - no china warenicely machined - cuts fantasticallyhow a forstner bit should be
 This is Freud 's `` budget '' line of Forstner bit . Their `` Precision Shear '' and carbide tipped bits are higher end . Notwithstanding , this bit does not disappoint . In fact , it is an excellent tool . I 've had other sizes for years and they are still sharp . The holes are clean and precise . Just remember not to run them at over 1,000 RPM for best life . Made in Austria .
 It is what it is - at an ususual size , and an accessible price . Avoid overworking it in hardwood -LRB- walnut , cherry , and probably aged oak -RRB- - that 's what the expensive ones are for . This will serve its purpose forever if used at the recommended speed , in a drill press , and cared for with common sense .
 WITHOUT A DOUBT THIS BIT IS THE BEST I HAVE EVER USED FOR MAKING `` BLIND HOLES '' IN ANY KIND OF WOOD ! ! Frank Laureanno
 Freud , as always , has made another nice product . Only 4 stars because , well , there is probably something nicer out there although I do n't know what . Bit is wonderfully well machined and works great . I wish my drill press would go a little slower as I am really -LRB- at 700 rpm -RRB- turning it a bit fast . Wish all my bits were this nice .
 This product is perfectly fine for what it is . It simply connects two Juno undercabinet fixtures together . If you do n't use this cord you must run wiring to each fixture individually behind the wall.My only complaint is that the connector on the end of the cord is huge . I had to notch out the cabinet frame underneith so that it could fit .
 Easy to install . These are not your typical under counter lights ... these are top drawer ... yes they are expensive but you get what you pay for . These are great lights . They are very well designed .
 This is the size you need to drill holes for euro hinges . Like all the Freud bits I have bought this bit comes very sharp , doesn t wobble and cuts clean holes as advertised . I am pleased with its performance and you ca n't beat the price . Speciallized bits for euro hinges are $ 75 - $ 125 and are typically carbide tipped . If you were in the kitchen cabinet door business drilling hundreds of holes per week that would be neccessary , but in my small custom shop I only occasionally mount euro hinges and this bit works for me . Heck , its so cheep I 'll probably buy a second one when I send this out to be reground , which for me will be the day after it no longer cuts clean holes . Also this is not the bit for man made materials ie MDF , plywood , chip board . I use it only on hardwood styles - High speed steel wont go far in MDF !
 Many years ago , for about eight bucks more than this bit cost , I bought a complete set of Fortsner bits in a nice wooden case . When the time came to actually use them , they were quite handy for determining the exact size I needed . Nothing else . Except for woodburning , they are essentially useless . It amazes me how they can produce a piece that looks exactly like the real thing , and then make their money by failing to put a worthy cutting edge on it.This was before I truly learned about inexpensive imported cutting tools . When I had some serious paying work that required a few accurate borigns , I unhesitatingly bought Freud - while not a woodworker geek 's ultimate high end , they are easy to find in big-box stores , and as I have learned , nothing cuts like a Freud .
 Sharp and symmetrical , made quick study of drilling holes for cabinetry door hinge in sets . Ha to file down the starter point to keep it from penetrating through the door front at the depth I needed .
 Good quality and a great price for this bit . Its stayed very sharp after quite a few holes . I 'd buy it again .
 The Amerock Hinge was a great product . I was dissapointed that I could not use , due to the design of my cabinet door . It was my first time using Amazon.com and will definately shop this way more . Wonderful products offered and great customer service !!
 Bought a used bathroom cabinet and one hinge was broken . This was just what we needed . One note it comes as a pair .
 This item is exactly what I needed ! It replaced my hinges that have been discontinued and I could n't be happier about their perfect fit ! I will definitely be buying more of these in the future !
 After several wasted trips to my local stores , I found the exact repacement I needed here . I wanted the holes to line up from my previous broken hinge so I would n't have to drill more in my cabinet . As a bonus , two hinges came in the package .
 I am renting an large apartment in Maryland , where the mosquitoes can carry the worst diseases . -LRB- West Nile was found in this State first -RRB- . I have two indoor cats and keep the window cracked in the back of the 2,000 ft2 apt near their eating and laundry area . Although there is a screen installed in the window which I keep open and seems to fit fine , the amount of bugs collected by this model is scary ! Some are big and others are the `` no seeums `` I like this model because although it was made to attach to a wall -LRB- not hung from anything -RRB- , one can let it stand on its own atop a flat surface -LRB- desk , utility shelf etc. . . -RRB- The bottom of this unit is the collection area and one needs to buy additional sticky mats that fit the bottom of the unit . The instructions direct you two place the octenol mosquito bait -LRB- looks like moth ball substance in little plastic rectangle with holes to allow the fumes to escape -RRB- on the light mount so the heat can activate and dissipate the lure - this is almost impossible as the lights are not readily accessible . -LRB- use gloves ! -RRB- The bottom frees easily and the unit should not be jostled . I recommend the fly lure TOGETHER with the octenol -LRB- expensive and you get only one -RRB- It is a little cardboard square that attaches to the screen in front . The unit is almost ineffectual without these TWO lures . You must have ventilation to use the lures with ANY of the Flowtron units.I can not believe how many insects penetrate a screen and I was n't bit once all summer . The bulbs last for one summer only if the unit is continually run as suggested by the manual.I give a 5 but caution that the bulbs should be more assessable and the unit more readily mounted on the wall or stand alone . I am also disappointed with the longevity of the bulbs but I am told `` black lights '' and UV lights become ineffectual over time even if they seem to work to our human eyes . The lures are expensive but the unit have kept my family and pets safe so its worth every penny.All the Flowtron units are difficult to distinguish on Amazon because of the code designations and replacement bulbs are confusing . KEEP the manual so you can reorder the accessories with ease . There are other bulbs offered by Flowtron not on Amazon yet like the `` unbreakable '' kind , which are more costly but are probably worth it if you have kids and fear the unit may be yanked by its cord to the ground . Once again - how much would you pay to be free of insects with potentially harmful diseases ?
 This sliding table is like all Exaktor products I 've come across . Its well built , well designed , and brings some assembly required to new heights . Imagine your new car came in 50,000 parts , with an incomprehensible instruction manual . That 's exaktor.I 'm mechanically talented . I own lots of tools . I 've assembled lots of tools . I ca n't imagine what putting this together would be like for the average person.Once assembled - 5 stars . Great product , nothing cheap about the parts . I have some design tweaks I 'd make - square the table to itself , then make it parallel to the miter slot , THEN do what they say and adjust the outer rail , as just taking the alignment of the inner rail to the saw could result in the hell of being 3/32 off - pretty much unsolvable the way they want you to solve it . Try to get that inner rail as parallel as possible ... The assembly process gets one star . And does n't deserve that high a ranking . Try it . You 'll see ...
 I bought this product to drill 3/4s '' forstner bit holes in 3/4 '' MDF for dog holes to match my maple bench top holes for a protective top . The triton did an excellent job . Very beefy , nice hand grip feel and balance , chuck never slipped and is easy to lock bit in . It drilled perfect 90 degree holes and the carry box is well layed out . The light came in handy when drilling up from under the bench to put starter location holes in the mdf sheet . Mine had no problem whatsoever tightning the depth stop screw finger tight with no slip whatsoever . This is a well made product that is definitely worth the price with all the features and extra 's that come with it .
 This drill has a reassuring heft and delivers impressive power for a cordless . The second included battery adds significant value to the package and keeps you working while you re-charge . The TDC100 standard features stack up well among generally more expensive 18V competitors
 The Ztek Safety Glasses are a great deal . You cant beat the price or comfort . I have a pair of Oakley Safety Glasses and they end up shoved in the back of a locker somewhere .
 No complaints . This product is as described . Here are some more words so I can meet the requirement to hit submit .
 First , I shopped for several weeks and reviewed several other products before buying this one , sight-unseen , except for the photos . I rejected the others for various reasons , including poor reviews , personal experience and a general knowledge of good and bad design.The Exactor caught my eye because of the appearance of good construction and design , the accompanying literature and my experience with other good Canadian-built products -LRB- Excalibur -RRB- . After first assembling the Exactor , several things struck me negatively . Some of the screws and threaded holes for them were different in threads-per-inch , so I had to rethread the holes . In stainless , this was n't too easy and I was n't particularly happy about it , but it was accomplished with great care and about ten minutes for each of the eight or so holes.Setting up the system is CRITICAL and the instructions are fair at best , but after the second day , about 7 hours total , I tweaked it to near-perfection and had it working well . I repeat , setup is absolutely critical and must be performed with the most precision you can muster , but the results are well worth it . If you are n't precise , the fence wo n't slide across the table -LRB- toward or away from the blade -RRB- at all well and you 'll be frustrated and begin doubting your purchase , as I was.Once I took the time and effort to do my best with setup , I used the Exactor for the last several weeks and honestly am quite happy . It rolls extremely smoothly , it 's easy to move the fence from front to back for varying widths of work , and keeps it 's adjustments very well . The one thing I am still a bit disappointed with is the hold-down clamp . When you apply pressure to the clamp , which is mounted to the fence , the fence tilts back away from the work and actually comes out of contact with it . So , while the hold-down does a decent job of holding the work to the sliding table , it would appear to be possible for the work to be moved away from or back toward the fence when it contacts the saw blade , but so far , this has n't been a problem . I either use the clamp with very light pressure or not at all . This might prove to be a problem in the future with some work , but not as of yet . I 'm keeping my fingers crossed . The problem lies in the fact that the structure that the clamp is mounted to is n't strong enough to negate the flex caused by the pressure of the clamp.Despite the negatives I 've pointed out , I think this is probably the best after-market slider on the market . The motion is great , the capacity of this particular sized one is excellent and the addition of legs under the sliding table is a huge improvement over other manufacturer 's models that strictly brace against the saw itself , which seems to be too flimsy to hold much weight , a big concern for me when cutting large boards or panels.I give this product a big thumbs-up , with a few relatively minor caveats.Excellent purchase , overall .
 Great element for making an electric beer brewing kettle . Brings 5 gallons to a boil in about 15 minutes . I ordered 2 so I 'd have one stand-by just in case because the price is so reasonable . Seller delivered in a few days .
 Element worked as described , easy installation good price . We have very hard water and they only last about one year . Big cost savings versus lowes/home depot .
 Simple to install and much better that the elements that were in the water heater to begin with . As inexpensive as these were , should have replaced them years ago .
 I 've purchased a few of these to replace the elements in an apartment building I manage . They are approximately $ 5 cheaper than the same type of element from my nearest home improvement store . They 're very easy to install . The gasket is already in place unlike the picture indicates .
 i flushed the tank thoroughly to remove the sediment . still not nough hot water for the houseful . swapped both elements for these which were listed for very hard water . finally everybody is happy .
 Just as expected Just as expected ... . Zzz z z z z z z z z z z z z z z z zz
 It was simple to install and it works ... not much else to say . We have a GE electric water heater . Thumbs up .
 Came quickly , well packaged , and works like it is supposed to . all in all a good product . It was used in a tankless hotwater heater .
 I purchased this to replace my current element in my water heater . I feel it works just fine and no issues . The reason why I did not give it 5 stars is because when I was tightening down the power screws the plastic felt cheap and moved a lot . Needless to say I did n't tighten the screws to tight or I probably would have broke the plastic housing .
 I have n't tried every Forstner brand bit , but I was impressed with this one -LRB- The one I bought -RRB- . I 'm constantly learning about various home repairs and projects . My most recent project was a bannister with balusters . I needed to drill holes for the dowel mechanism into a finish piece of oak trim . I tried spade bits and the bits with teeth . Neither worked at all . I was getting frustrated so I took a trip to the Depot and purchased this bit . -LRB- It was more expensive at the Depot but I was on a need now basis -RRB- . I put the bit into a cordless 19.2 drill -LRB- not even corded -RRB- and it just shredded the wood and made each hole so nice and it was effortless . The only concern was that it was too powerful ! Be careful ! I was ecstatic ! These bits are n't cheap , but worth it when the right job is in front of you !
 Not that I 'm a bit expert , but I 've been using this 3/4 '' Forstner bit to inlay magnets in maple , and it just does n't seem to dull . I 've used it in a drill press , in a cordless drill , and even in a pair of vise-grips for cleaning up . I 've paid more for Philips head bits . It 's dead on straight , with NO wobble , has n't tarnished a bit in 4 months , and makes me happy every time that I chuck it up . In a drill , I mean . I did n't eat it .
 This stuff works great , I applied it to my Table saw top , my planer table and my jointer table . I wish it was a larger can , but I suppose next time I will buy more ...
 I have learned the hard way that if a precise hole with smooth edges is needed in wood a Forstner bit is a great way to do the job . Included in those early lessons is that tool steel Forstner-style bits are n't warth a darn . They quickly dull and tear raather than cut the wood and may catch in the work piece , a definite safety issue . I now buy only Freud carbide Forstner bits . The extra cost -LRB- compared to tool steel bits -RRB- is far outweighed by the increased accuracy , cut quality , and safety offered by carbit bits . With care one carbide bit will outlast many tool steel bits , making the initial higher price cheaper in the long run . Am I pleased with this purchase ? Absolutely !
 this is the ideal tool for tight spots , but you need to be patient as the magnet can overpower the rigidity of the rod .
 When I use a forstner bit , I appreciate those that cut cleanly to help prevent overheating . My Freud carbide tipped bits have not disappointed me , and they are my `` go to '' forstner bits of choice . I like the overall Freud quality , and I expect mine to outlast other manufacturers ' bits even though I use those others less often ! Spend a little more for extra quality , and expect great results .
 I kept having to resharpen my old one . Plywood and hard woods are pretty tough on bits . This bit cut through like a hot knife through butter . I even dropped it once which is a no no and no chipping .
 This bit is the best there is . The price is high , but so is the quality of the hole . A caution for noobs . Take good care of this bit . Do n't throw it in the kitchen drawer !! Keep it lightly oiled and in some kind of protective tube or sheath . No metal on metal contact . As a minimum , clean off after use with turpentine or mineral spirits , or other solvent , dry it , lightly oil , and wrap in a paper towel . It will last a lifetime . Another caution , When making hole , be SURE there are no nails or other hidden metal devices which will ruin the bit , as I have just done , and am ordering a new one !!! ` Almost forgot , SLOW DOWN , start and finish at the slowest speed possible , while still maintaining chips . Clean out the hole often .
 I am quite pleased with the product . Purchased one about 15 years ago and this cutter is a mirror image . I knew in advance what to expect .
 This tool works fine one-handed and has good leverage . But I received only one tool in the sealed package . I do n't know how to get the other promised tool without returning the single one I received , and the return is just too much bother .
 They are as advertized very good knives and work well in my Belsaw planer .
 Freud has a long heritage of making top-shelf woodworking bits in addition to saw blades , and tons of other neat stuff . They make a hardened steel Forstner bit set but if you are into serious woodworking , buy the carbide sets when you can ; the carbide steel is very hard and retains its sharpness for a long time . Hardened steel will do the job for a short time but when you need to have them sharpened , the design of the tip makes it hard to get a grinder into the tight places on the tip , especially on smaller bits . This will make it difficult for the technician to sharpen them plus it will be expensive . Freud 's carbide bits lasts a very long time but they are pricey ; however , they cut beyond your expectations both in a precise diameter and a very clean perfect cut - just what you need when making a counter-bored hole into which you will glue a wooden plug to hide the fastener head . A huge advantage of Freud bits is that bit sets come in a very fine wooden box -LRB- individual bits are put in simple plastic packages that the bit could be stored in . You can drill a hole just a tad larger than the shank diameter in the edge of your tool shelf and put the bits there , always visible and handy ! -RRB- -RRB- that is well made and provides excellent protection when the bits are sitting on your well arranged shelf ! I have a very difficult time finding a place to put things like expensive bits . The Freud small box that houses the bits solves that - plus it looks really cool on your shelf ; you 'll look like a professional plus the fact that when wifey thinks you spend too much money on your hobby , the Freud boxes say `` hey wifey , lighten up - these are the best bits in the world and your hubby deserves the best , right ? '' There are a lot of Forstner bits on the market but most are cheaply made ; Freud is certainly among the best and in woodworking bits especially , you get what you pay for . Buy the best ; you 're only disappointed once !
 Freud never ceases to amaze me . I bought two of these and was able to drill and peg all of my Hickory hardwood floors . This was well over 2000 holes . The only problem I encountered was hitting a nail that caused the bit to break . It mas completely my fault . I highly recommend this line of bits and ANYTHING by Freud . Great company , great price .
 These gloves are perfect for chilly weather -LRB- chilly , not sub 0 -RRB- . They are light , soft and my hands do n't sweat . I like the fact the wrist cuffs are not too wide . I ordered extra-large and can you imagine ? They are actually extra large .
 needed a 7/8 inch hole in wood to pass a tube . this did the job very cleanly . needed it bought it used it , put it away for next time .
 Not able to review yet.Will not be installed as part of a remodel contract until next month . Looking forward to it though . Price Phister has a great reputation for quality and service . We have used their products on other projects .
 drilled them out to fit and they work fine . Kept one to use as a cover because I share my table saw with my router table .
 This is about my favorite drill bit I own . I 've drilled a bunch of holes in hard maple with this bit , and it has n't even made a single burn mark in anything . Still going strong .
 I bought this bit because my hole saw was too shallow to go through the desk I wanted to drill a two inch hole in . I decided to splurge fro the 3 times more expensive carbide tip bit instead of the steel bit . I 'm glad I did!This may be my new favorite tool , and definitely my favorite drill bit . It cut through the wood so much faster than my hole saw.One Pearl
 IT arrived on time from Amazon . I do like it , it does its job perfectly .
 Very nice bit . I repurpose bourbon barrels and make furniture grade items . This bit was a life saver . I had previously bought one -LRB- same brand -RRB- @ a local store , but they didnt offer this particular size .
 Very high quality bit . I put it to heavy use immediately and it 's standing up extremely well .
 I am a semi professional carpenter who drills a lot of large flat bottom holes in hardwoods such as mahogany and birch . I have purchased a number of relatively inexpensive steel bits that always wear out after a few dozen holes . I just purchased this Freud carbide bit and it is definitely worth the extra cost . I have drilled many 2 inch deep holes with this bit already and it cuts through the wood almost like butter , leaving a relatively smooth surface on the sides and on the bottom . For someone who drills lots of wide holes in hardwoods I can highly recommend the freud carbide bits .
 I was looking for a new forsner bit at my local hardware stores and a special supplier in my town . The supplier had the right size but it was not carbide . Their price was $ 54 with tax , compared to the $ 33 -LRB- including free shipping -RRB- for the carbide model from Amazon . I was certain I wanted carbide because a previous forsner bit I bought from my local supplier did not work well . It dulled quickly , burned the material -LRB- oak -RRB- , and caused tear-outs . The new Freud bit works perfectly and much easier/quicker . I may buy another so that I can swap them out and let them cool when doing a lot of work . That should prolong the time between sharpening .
 Out of the box it cuts hardwoods cleanly , so I hope it lasts with continued use
 This flashlight is a handy addition to your key ring . It is very sleek and attractive and the included gift box is quite nifty . One caution , however
 When I purchased this product , the packaging called it a `` Water Heater Tester '' leading me to believe it was more than a simple continuity tester which a homeowner , handyman or electrician uses to determine if the wire is continuous -LRB- not broken -RRB- between the clip tip and pinpoint tip on the body of the tool . You can use a standard continuity tester to test the continuity of a water heater element just as easily/well as with using this product . Thankfully , the product is now called `` Water Heater Continuity Tester . '' Remember , of course , this tool is not to be used on live/hot appliances , etc. .
 A review that is critical about issues all are related to all Forstner bits . They should be used with a drill guide or drill press NOT free hand because they will not stay centered and the depth is set with a stop on the drill press not the height of the of the bit 's side wall . Being critical about these things has nothing to do with this quality bit .
 Purchased to install pulls on sliding bypass closet doors . Product was brand new in the original packaging . Hard to use this large diameter bit in a hand drill . Advise making a template / guide to protect the door if the bit jumps out of the hole .
 Verrrry sharp edges , although I did `` fine '' up the straight edge a wee bit with my Swedish needle files . Out of the box , it exceeded my expectations . No noticeable runout when turning it -LSB- running about 300 RPM -RSB- , and it left a glass smooth edge , and absolutely no edge splintering on the top cutting surface of the 3/4 '' plywood that I was working . I bored about 30 holes !! Sweet !! Oh , and I 'm drilling with a 30 yr old Craftsman 1/2HP drill press . I would NOT recommend using any sort of hand held drill ! Waaaay too dangerous !!
 This is a great and handy little attachment for grout removal in the always impossible corners , could be used to for other things in the corners as well .
 I have a number of Freud Router Bits and was in need of a new 1-1/4 '' forster bit , so I decided to give Freud 's Carbide Forstner Bit a try since I 've always been pleased with their router bits.The cut was extremely clean and left absolutely no burning on Cherry , Walnut and Maple . I used it both in my drill press and in my Dewalt 18V Hammer Drill and both made clean cuts.As the need arises , I will be replacing all my Forstner Bits with equivalent Freud Carbide Forstner Bits .
 The quality of the cut on this bit is excellent . The only flaw , if it can be considered that , is that the maximum cutting depth if this bit is shorter than the one it replaced . I am drilling 45 degree angled holes through one inch oak , and it wo n't quite go all the way through the wood on the &#34; trailing &#34; edge . I had to use other tools to complete the oval hole on the bottom . Trying to re-align the workpiece to finish the hole starting from the original back side would have been nearly impossible .
 My selection of the Freud Forstner Bit Assortment was part of an Amazon Promotion but I had already owned single Freud Bits and Saw Blades . I must say I have been well pleased with all of their products , thus far . My primary use of these Forstner Bits is for Drill Press and these bits have not dissapointed . Promotion or not , Freud manufactures wonderful tooling . Bits maintain sharp biting lead edges and provide accurate depth and clean bore bottom every time .
 For the price and quality these are excellent . I 've used them already several times . They produced niced clean holes , very little chip out . Good , cheap bits for any woodworker
 I used this set of drill bits for making holes for inserting wood dowels . The cuts were clean . This makes for a great gift for the handyman or woman in the house . Highly recommended .
 These are really nice Forstner bits . The holes are smooth and perfect . It 's an inexpensive set with limited sizes but certainly a good starter set .
 This review is only for someone that has never used Freud cutting products , because if you have you already know how much of a difference there is between them and all the others.I have n't even installed this blade in my Bosch 5312 Miter saw , but i have been using nothing but Freud saw blades , router bits and shaper bits to do fine wood working for years . All i ever work with are black walnut , cherry , apple , ash and mahogany , and if you own good tools , the Freud cutting products work great on the first cut and really hold their edge over time.My last Freud blade left virtually no splintering , even if i did n't score the line to be cut . If that 's what you 're looking to do , thin kerf and a high tooth count will be what you 're looking for . I got this one over the LU91R012 , which is specifically for sliding compound miter saws , because of the higher tooth count -LRB- 96 versus 72 -RRB- . The Freud stuff is expensive , but it will become one of those brands that will earn your complete loyalty .
 I owned this blade before but it was the full kerf . Both are sweet blades with very clean cuts . I recently made a shelf out of beech wood -LRB- pretty darn hard -RRB- and the cuts are like glass . Took me a bit to sand off the red paint -LRB- perma-shield coating -RRB- . I use this blade on my 12 '' Bosch compound miter saw . Sweet !
 WOW !!! ... I will NEVER go back to any other brands when it comes to saw blades -- Freud is my new best friend . Hi-ATB is the ONLY way to go . I 've cut every wood type and this blade left NO splinters on ANY side of the cut line . Way to go Freud !!!
 I GOT TIRED OF HAULING MY TOOL BAG TO AND FRO MY CAR SO I BOUGHT THE MUCH SMALLER VERSION OF THIS HANDTRUCK MADE BY A DIFFERENT COMPANY . I HAD IT FOR ABOUT A COUPLE OF MONTHS WHEN ONE OF THE PLASTIC WHEELS DECIDES TO POP OFF AFTER BOUNCING OFF A CURB . I DECIDED TO PURCHASED THIS BEEFED UP VERSION AND WHEN I GOT IT I WAS QUITE IMPRESSED . NOT ONLY IS IT A FULL SIZE HAND TRUCK , IT ALSO HAS RUBBER WHEELS , A DEEP NOSE PLATE , FOLDS FLAT FOR STORAGE AND CAPABLE OF HAULING 500LBS WITH EASE . MY ONLY COMPLAINT IS THE PRICE TAG .
 I purchased this unit to haul my dive equipment around when loading it on the boat . I travel all over the country and haul my equipment in the back of my motorcycle trailer . The Hand cart folds down and is compact . It is a little heavy but holds up to the weight it carries . I could have purchased a lighter version as this one is overkill for what I use it for . I normally have twin 80 tanks and 20 lbs of weights , fins , computer and related equipment that I have to carry to the dive site or boat . This cart makes things much easier . I normally only carry about 200 lbs and the cart works great . The pneumatic tires take up shock and my gear rides smoothly . It does not work well on sand but regular ground , concrete , wood docks , gravel , works great ! Very durable hand cart .
 heavy duty stuff . Love it ! took lots of abuse lately and still going strong ! rather heavy bottom plate , but that 's good ! plastic parts of fine quality fiberplastic , well made . Love pneumatic tires !! Highly recommend for up to 300 lbs .
 This cart is very useful , very sturdy and very well built . It holds and carrys alot , espcially over rought terrain . Folds up tight and neat without a problem and stores away easy . It is heavy but I see that as a positive as that means it is sturdy and built with solid materials . Only downside are the tires . The stem to fill the air is pressed pretty firmly against the rim . This makes it a hug pain to try to fill with air . I have to pry the stem off the rim with a screwdriver to allow the air nossel to attach and fill the tire with air . Other than that it is great .
 This damper does what its suppose too . Ive had mine installed for a month . Easy to wire , to the thermostat and transformer . This is a normally closed damper , when its open for a long period of time it runs pretty hot , which makes me wonder how long it will last . That why I give it 4 stars instead of 5 ... for now .
 Although I have sufficient experience with Freud products to be comfortable with the quality I could expect , one other review gave me some concern as to wether these blades would fit my Grizzly machine . Well put that concern aside because they fit just like the original equipment . I am a big time Freud fan so anytime I can get a product of their quality for less than the OEM accessories I consider that a real bargain.Ed
 I have a Grizzly 15 '' planer and after planing a lot of hickory I found it was time for a spare set of blades while I got the originals sharpened . I checked with Grizzly and Amazon . Amazon 's Freud blades were less money than Grizzly 's . I thought I 'd take a chance since I have purchased Freud saw blades and router bits and have been well pleased . The only problem that occurred was when I went to replace the blades I noticed they were a little thicker than the originals . I had to find a thinner wrench that would fit on the nuts so I could tighten the blades in the holder . After installing the blades I ran several hundred board feet of hickory through the planer . The blades were as good or better than the originals and time will tell whether they will have the same longevity . With what I have seen of their operation I would recommend them .
 I just replaced the blades on my Delta 15 '' Planer with the Freud Planer Knives . To say the least , these are some great blades . I used only Freud blades on all my saws and they ca n't be beat ! The price of these blade will make me come back .
 These are good blades that last a long time.The reason I dropped the rating to 4 stars is because when the local sharpening shop ground them the first time , some stress was relieved , and the blades became crooked , and had to be re-ground .
 My husband needed a new set of blades for his planer . We decided to look on Amazon to compare pricing and quality.We found the exact item he needed at a fair price and it included the shipping . To our surprize the items arrived the next day . He was thrilled .
 My husband says these blades are as good as the original Delta blades and much cheaper . As soon as he tried them he ordered another set . He recommends them .
 A couple of bucks more than the 15 '' Grizzly knive set , but Freud quality is worth it .
 this planer knives are very good product , only is necesary especific the grade of sttel . only that , thanks
 The product was exactly what it was suppose to be unfortunately it was too small for my patio door . The shipping took longer than said other than that everything was ok .
 A great product at a great price . I walked into a woodworking store where they want almost $ 50 for the same item . I said that was too much , and he looked at me like I 'd never find it for less . He who laughs last ... The knives cut terrific .
 We purchased this hand truck to assist with dropping off huge boxes from one facility to another . It has worked perfectly ! It fits in any corner and is pretty light . We love it !
 Great product but stop sending my review request I have already filled one out for this product . If you send me another request I will leave a negative comment .
 These were bought for a ~ 35 y/o Rockwell/Delta 8 '' long bed jointer -LRB- 37-315 -RRB- to replace original knives that had been sharpened down to nearly nothing . While they are nominally the correct size one was a very tight fit in its slot and this added an unwelcome level of difficulty to the installation -LRB- sharp edges creep me out ! -RRB- . Whether the slot or the knife was the source of the inaccuracy I ca n't say . Nevertheless , they were eventually installed satisfactorily and , with about an hour of use already , they work fine - nice clean surfaces . 3 stars for the installation , 5 stars for the surfaces .
 These blades are sharp when received , and require very little touching up . They can be used right from the package if you do not have the equipment to hone them .
 These knives appear to be of excellent quality . They have an excellent finish on all surfaces . Grinding marks are almost invisible . I have several sets of various brands that are 30 to 40 years old -LRB- back when quality was important -RRB- and these look much better . It 's cheaper to buy new knives than to sharpen old ones and the quality of the sharpening is far from satisfactory . The only negative feature on the Freud blades is the burr left from sharpening . It will be an easy task to hone these which I expected I 'd have to do when I ordered them . I 'm sure they will perform as good as they look . I 'm very pleased with these and highly recommend them .
 I have purchased many sets of these for my Jet jointer -LRB- Model JJ-6CS -RRB- , which I 've owned for ten years . They are about half the price some places want for the factory replacements . I have been using them for years -LRB- I believe I 've purchased 8 sets -RRB- . They last as well as the original blades . I 've also bought the 6 '' x 5/8 . Both seem to work equally well . I went to the 3/4 '' because I figured I could get another resharpen or two out of thicker blades , though with the price it 's about as easy just to order new blades . Why pay full price for factory replacements ? Freud typically has quality router bits and this has n't diminished on their knives .
 I bought these knives for a vintage JD Wallace jointer I restored.I always buy Freud knives , and I always get them from Amazon.Great knives at a super price .
 These fit `` PERFECTLY '' in my old Craftsman . Cheaper than getting the old ones sharpened ... . Great News .
 Freud C400 6-1/8 - by-11 / 16-by-1 / 8-Inch Jointer Knives , 3-PackI inherited an old Sears 6 inch jointer . The knives were nicked and dull . After checking for somewhere to have them sharpened , I realized that it would be cheaper and easier to just replace the knives . The Freud knives fit perfectly and the jointer now works fine .
 Jointer \ planer dull knives replaced . These knives are perfectly sharp . I would recommend this product to everyone . Enough said .
 they were exactly what I was expecting , they were very sharp and fit my jointer so well see how long they last
 These knives are a bargain . They leave a smooth surface if you pay attention to the wood grain direction with very little surface tear out . I use recycled wood extensively and scan every board but occasionally a buried nail will escape my scrutiny . These will ruin even the most expensive knives so I ca n't fault these knives.I have recommended this product to my colleagues .
 Order arrived on time . Knives were well packed and sharp . I have not used them much yet , but I expect that they will perform well over time .
 these fit my craftsman to a tee & worked perfectly . bought a second set for a friend 's jointer . highly recommend item & dealered c
 These blades were ready to go right out of the box . Perfect fit and wonderful results on some old tobacco barn oak .
 Ordered these to replace the blades on a 70 's vintage joiner I picked up on Craigslist . They were a good deal cheaper than the sears branded parts that the manual suggested , not to mention the shipping is far easier.Install went easily , the blades are lightly oiled from the factory . Will be making sawdust with them tonight , but they passed the a spinup check on install .
 I have a lot of Freud cutting tools . Thet are always my first choice . I have never been let down with quality of cut . These are not any different . There are lot of videos on jointer knive replacemaent and as long as they are installed correctly they will perform great .
 I received the blades timely . I just installed them and they work perfectly . Thinking about getting another set for backup
 Mounted to my old Craftsman 6 inch jointer with no problem at all and hold their edge very well . Arrived in excellent condition , properly package in a bit of oil for no rust . Thank you .
 When I purchased these , I really did not expect much . The price was super cheap compared to others . They arrived on time as advertised . I installed the first set -LRB- I bought two -RRB- and they work beautifully !
 Great Product at a good price . these knives hold there edge nicely this is the second set i have gotten and i have been nothing but pleased
 I purchased a used Ridgid Jointer/Planer and the knives in the machine were in need of sharpening . I picked these up to use as my spare set . So far they work great ! Smooth cuts in pine and red oak ! Would definitely buy another pair if/when needed .
 These blades were sharp and were a perfect fit for my Ridgid Jointer . They fit perfect in each mounting slot and did not need any special adjustments . Of course on subsequent sharpenings , I will need to adjust . It was nice to install new blades and easily get them lined up . Now to take my current blades and get them sharpened .
 Used this Freud C400 knive set to replace the OEM knives in my Ridgid -LRB- Home Depot -RRB- 6 '' jointer . They fit and perform perfectly -- plus Amazon 's price for these knives ca n't be beat !
 A friend of mine brought over a Sears 61/8 jointer he found in the garbage . It was covered in rust and the motor was missing . I decided to rebuild it at almost the cost of a new one . Sears wanted $ 36.99 for the blades plus shipping and tax . I decided to take a chance on these blades for $ 17.11 from Amazon . The blades are a perfect match to the old blades . If you have a Sears 61/8 Jointer Model # 113206931 , these blades will fit , but always measure the size of the old blades to be sure . Since Sears made several different models of jointers .
 I am using these in an old Craftsman jointer . I started by running a large amount of hard maple over them , and they performed as well as any knives I 've used and for a much better price .
 Needed replacements for my ridgid jointer . These look identical and are exactly the same dementions . They are razor sharp and mount in there perfectly . Have not had a chance to try them yet but I have Freud blades in my table saw and router and they hold up great so I would expect the same from these . I have learned not to be too hard on jointer blades . Do n't cut deeper than you have to and check your blades often . I did n't bother to check them till I was getting bad cuts and was amazed at how badly I had worn them down .
 I restored an old Craftsman 6 '' jointer I inherited from a friend of the family and I was surprised to find the exact replacement knives from Freud . This jointer is an early 1950 's model and with the new knives leaves as good a finish as I good possibly want . Excellent product as are all of the Freud products I have .
 I used these on my Ridgid JP0610 Jointer and they are at least as good as the blades that came with the unit . They already have little nicks in them , which is about what the stock blades did too . For the price they are very reasonable . If you want basically the same blades that came with your Ridgid , these work fine . They are not an upgrade , but may very well be the most cost effective solution . I bought a couple sets to make sure I do n't run out again . As always they were shipped promptly and arrived on time and un damaged .
 Drop in replacement of the factory knives that come with the Rigid 61/8 Jointer and good quality as expected from Freud .
 Installed blades in Craftsman Jointer/Planer and they fit nicely . Really good price and appears to be a good product . Will see how they hold up .
 I know you cant please all the people.you have on this item with with me , im glad to get quality product for low price . it fit my ridgid 6 '' joiner perfect
 Very high quality blades . Fits Rigid brand perfect for less than half the price of the factory brand .
 I recently nicked the irons in my Steel City long bed jointer and found that I could not grind/sharpen the problems away . I called our local tool supply house and found that they wanted $ 33 per iron -LRB- read that as $ 99 for the set of 3 -RRB- for replacements.I searched for alternatives on line and stumbled across this offer from Freud/Amazon . I purchased the set of 3 irons for about $ 25 and within a couple of days I had the new irons in hand/installed . Over the past month I 've smoothed about 500 linear feet of 6 inch wide , rough sawn 5/4 cherry and beech with these Freud knives and they have handled it perfectly . They worked so well that I ordered another set -LRB- as spares -RRB- . I would recommend these highly as a great product/great value .
 FINALLY got around to replacing my knives on my ancient Jet 6 '' and with the Woodstock W1210 Polycarbonate Jointer Pal . It was a breeze -- one of those `` why did I wait this long to do this ? '' projects . Ran some soft and hardwood through and it looks great . I 've got LOTS of milled red oak to surface and joint , so I 'll check back in to see how the knives hold up through that test . So far so good !
 Hard to find size to fit the Ridgid 6 '' Jointer . Freud quality and a great price .
 These blades were for Ridgid Jointer . I got them quicker from Amazon than I could at the Big Box Store I bought the jointer . They are good steel and sharp . It is almost as cheap to buy new blades as it is to sharpen your old one .
 The merchandise arrived very quickly . It came with a wonderful free catalog of the vendor 's other items.I would definitely purchase from this vendor again when the need arises.Thanks !
 I have n't used them yet but they look good and arrived in the mail right on time . I have always had good luck with Freud products so confident these are spot on also .
 Simple device , clear instructions , easy to install , and they work great . I no longer have hot water in my cold water lines !
 I can only give the Heat Traps 4 stars because I have n't installed them yet , my bad . One thing that I did n't know about the Heat traps before I ordered them is if they have `` Check Balls '' in them . They do and the description needs to have that information added .
 Well I think the item was not available at the time when the reivews were written.though I felt bad about them , -LRB- fellow Buyers -RRB- . My order did went as it should be.It Arrived in 4 Days and the blade is awesome.Can ' t beat the price too.Now its time for it to make sawdust .
 Please ignore the previous comments about long shipping delays , that 's not really fair to rate a product low because of Amazon 's service . Also , please note that those reviews were many years ago.I ordered these and they work great on my old Craftsman 4 '' jointer . Hint
 I bought this for my husband . He is a commercial plumber and needed to replace this piece but did n't want to spend the money . So , I looked up the part on Amazon and found this one . I showed it to my husband and he was very skeptical about purchasing the part . . -LRB- may not be the right piece , or it is made badly ... etc. . -RRB- I ordered it anyway and he was very pleased.And I got to say `` i told you so ! '' HA !
 I have owned a 6 '' open stand Jet jointer for a few years now and I finally reached that point where a new set of jointer knives was unavoidable . After calling Jet customer service and learning that it would cost me alot -LRB- one might even say a ridiculous amount -RRB- to order the knives from them , I turned to Amazon . I soon discovered these Freud knives for about a third as much as Jet wanted for their knives -LRB- and half as much as Amazon wanted for Jet brand knives -RRB- . I ordered , received , and installed them , and so far I have been happy with the purchase . I have jointed a fair amount of nicely figured , quarter sawn white oak and have no complaints so far . I am a big fan of Freud cutting tools and these seem to affirm my feelings.I recommend these to all who want good quality knives at a reasonable price !
 The blades that I received were decent , however , before using them I highly recommend lapping the back side on a Japanese wet stone . The edge as received was curled over from the sharpening process and will lead to a short blade life if they are not lapped before installing .
 Installed these knives on my Jet J-60S jointer & am amazed at how much better they cut compared to the Jet knives even when they were new . Half the price and twice as good -- in my opinion . Longevity remains to be seen . Great so far !
 Easy to order these through Amazon , for sure , and much cheaper than the Jet . My jointer is a Jet JJ-6CSX . The Freud blades are thicker than the factory blades , and required that the gib screw head be flattened a bit prior to installing the blades . No biggie -LRB- a quick trip to the disc sander and Tormek -RRB- , but the blades wo n't fit otherwise , at least on my set up . I also honed the burr off the back on an 8000x Norton waterstone . Have n't had them on long enough to tell about wear , etc. , but I would assume they would be at least as good as the original product .
 Could n't be happier.I agree with another reviewer ... lap the back a few times on a 5000-8000 grit whetstone before installing . Other then honing , I have run over 4000 BF across these knives before re-sharpening . They hold thier edge well .
 They met all of my expectations except all three knives required additional honing -LRB- sharpening -RRB- but maybe this was due to my personal sharpness requirements . They were shipped next day and I received them as expected . I will purchase same product in the future .
 This is the third set of blades i have gotten.I use thgem on my 6 '' Jet joiner . They work great and about half the cost of Jets . I will get them again when I need them
 These worked well with a Delta jointer at about 1/3 the price of Delta blades . They were slightly thicker , but fit OK . As usual the main problem was in getting all 3 blades aligned properly with the outfeed table .
 The knives works great they cut like razor . I could not have bought a better product . i would recommend these knives to anyone .
 Thes knives arrived to my shop very quickly and were well packaged . These blades seem to be a good value over the $ 70 delta blades that were in my machine . Overall they seem to work well and are not overly sharp as to make them prone to getting dull .
 Admittedly , Delta makes the best knives for their machines . They are expensive . Freud knives are a good second level knife . I used them in a public school wood shop -LRB- severe budget concerns -RRB- for about five years , and they were very good quality . They are great for occasional woodworking . if you 're making fine furniture , spend the extra for Delta .
 They did the job , fit as if original equip . I will order a new set when needed.Time to play , plane .
 Love these blades . Work great . Just be careful letting friends use your equipment . They did n't pay for it so , it does n't matter as much to them . Got to get a new set now . I am going with these again .
 This is a good set of jointer knives , and at a fair price . Shipping was quick . I would n't hesitate to get another set .
 Sharp , easy install , cuts smooth , fast shipping , great price.Fit great on my old cast iron 6 '' delta jointer .
 Very happy with the purchase . Much easier to replace dull knives with sharp ones versus paying to sharpen or trying to sharpen yourself . Knives were straight and sharp and installed easily .
 both transaction and product were a-1 . i bought these for a used joiner that i recently purchased . knowing little about using joiners i was disappointed with its performence . new knives made all the difference in the world .
 I had to order these for an old 70 's vintage 130mm jointer . I had no problems grinding them to the size I needed . If you need to do the same my advice is as follows : - Use a rotary grinding wheel and go SLOW - Every 5-8 seconds dip the hot end of the knives in USED motor oil for a ten-count . Used motor oil has higher carbon content and will help keep the temper . - Check length often to ensure you do n't over-grind . - Use vice grips to hold all three knives at once , ensuring blades are even . - Grind from only one end , and make sure it 's the end you plan to use LEAST since it will loose some of its temper . - WEAR SAFETY GLASSES AND HEAVY GLOVES!I 've used the knives in my jointer quite a bit since I got them -LRB- 100 + linear feet , mostly old oak -RRB- . Even with having ground them they seem to be keeping an edge .
 As basic as planer blades are , these ones appear to offer good value and hold their edge quite well . Purchased for my 6 '' delta clone jointer . Quite happy with them .
 Like all the freud products I have purchased in the past quality is some of the best out there .
 I bought the same item about 5 years ago for my Chinese Jointer . They are somewhere around 1000 % better than the ones that came with it . They are excellent to start with and will last a long long time .
 Better than the OEM knives that came with the tool .
 I could not find knives to fit my OLD jointer so I bought this single knife and ground and broke it into 3 pieces . It worked fine for my jointer and took less that 30 minutes to fit . I would/will do it again .
 I debated quite a bit on a toolset to get . This one was perfect
 Though it does not include absolutely everything one would ever need , it is very sturdy and fairly complete .
 A nice computer toolkit . I use it every time I work on a computer or build a new one . The variety of tools is excellent and contains just about everything you would need to build or upgrade a pc or laptop . If you are looking for an inexpensive yet comprehensive selection of tools , this may be for you . I am happy with it . The only additional tool you might need is a larger philips screwdriver . The set included is fine , but a little to small when torque is needed for a stubborn screw .
 This is a comprehensive tool kit for the do-it-your-selfer or the professional . Nice leather case . Great product
 Great product . This has all the tools needed for just about any computer repair . Buy it and see for your self
 I bought this kit as a gift for my son to use at home to repair computers . He does this as a job and liked having extra tools Ina case to use . Nice array of tools , and great case .
 I purchased this tool kit for my son for Christmas and I 'm sure it 's exactly what he wants.I am really impressed with the price - it 's less than half of what Staples charges for the exact same thing .
 I use this toolkit at work all the time and have seldom needed to reach for something not in the kit . I received the same kit for a Christmas present and could n't be happier . The set is pretty complete , especially for computer repair , and I 've yet to break a piece . The only issue is the small , dim flashlight , but I did n't knock a star for it because my work area is well-lit and I already have several good flashlights so I 'll never use it . So five stars for this awesome little set !
 I ordered this for my son for his birthday because he works on computers and is always looking for tools . He was well pleased with this and he can carry everything in one bag . A place for everything and everything in it 's place ! Great buy .
 This kit is perfect to get your standard computer tasks done , including installing memory in laptops , which is why I bought this kit . The mini screwdriver set is great . The quality of the tools are average , but for around $ 50 , you ca n't get anything better than this .
 The product was delived on time . The product was as written and has been very helpful . I would definitely consider buying other fellowes products .
 Very good tool kit for your computer as well as for other projects . I am very please with this product .
 I have looked at and used many computer repair tool kits . This has been by far the best kit I have used . It has the most useful tools in a nice compact design and a great price . The precision set screw drivers have too fragile a heads , but which precision set does not . Also , the flash light it comes with is basically useless for computer repair . . as it does NOT have enough power to be useful inside a computer case . I recommend you pick up a super-bright LED flash light to use for working inside the case when it is not 100 % bright in the room .
 It is a complete set !! It Has all the basic tools to work !!
 I think this is a perfect Kit for computer repair/work . I initially bought it because I was dismantling hard drives and needed the star tip drivers . It has all that I need except for one of the smallest sizes of star tips but I can live without it . The case itself doesnt hold items too well if the kit is moved around vigorously but thats not a big deal to me .
 There 's nothing u need that is n't in this computer tool kit ... it 's great
 Very Sturdy , Well Built , Light and blower worthless Though , Everything else fine ''
 This item is very sturdy , I do n't feel that it will bend while being used , and came with a lot of pieces that I had no idea would come with it , all of which have ended up being very useful . I gave it to my boyfriend that 's a big computer geek and likes putting computers together and he loves it !
 This tool kit was purchased as a gift for my husband for his new career in computers . The kit has almost every tool he will need to fix any computer . He was pleasantly surprised with this gift .
 Many pieces for the price that come in handy when working on computers . I love it !
 Knives were used on a Grizzly 8 in jointer . The Grizzly jointer has a 4 knife cutter head , so I got 3 sets of 3 . At that they were still only about $ 10 more than one set from Grizzly . Quality was n't quite what I 'd expect from Freud . There were small burrs on the back sides of the knives and most of the knives had a slight bow -LRB- maybe .015 in -RRB- . A diamond hone took care of the burr , and the gibs straightened the bow . At least the things were made in Italy - a damn site better than China !!
 I was really nervous about this purchase . I read several comments about how the blades are n't sharp . Plus , the image provided was terrible - it made the blade look like a counterfeit.That 's not what I found . They are very sharp . In fact , even the back edge is almost razor sharp ! Seriously , I was really surprised at that.I inspected the blades with a loupe that I use for sharpening . They have a razor edge . Hardly any leading edge to see or reflect light . These are as sharp as I can get something going down to 4000 grit . Either some folks got bad blades or they 'd say I have really low standards . But when I sharpen a hand plane , it shaves pretty nicely .
 Nice top ! Proffesionaly made . My Router Raiser fit nice and snug ! Some of the bolts were missing , but I made it work !
 These tops -LRB- both the Mast-R-Top and the FX -RRB- are nice to have . They are expensive though for what you get . I would think that for the price asked for these tops that there would be tracks in the tops for the fences . I would also think that the tops would come with fences for them instead of having to purchase one seperately . It looks like the company is out to get rich off of these things . You have to purchase everything for the top . If you want tracks for the fence you will have to put them in yourself ! If you want a fence you will have to find one and purchase it . If you want a stand you will either have to buy one or make one yourself . If you want an insert for the top you have to buy a lift or the insert ! Look around folks ! There are similar tops out there with the tracks and even better fences than I bought and all for about the same price . If I knew what I do now about these tops before I bought it I would have probably purchased a different top ! So 4 stars is all I am going to give the top .
 These were listed much cheaper -LRB- about six teen dollars -RRB- than any jointer blades that fit my grizzly jointer -LRB- G1182 -RRB- . Only problem with these ; they are too long at 6.5 inches . This is probably why they are so cheap . I have not seen too many 6.5 '' jointers . I knew they were too long when buying them.I used my abrasive cutoff wheel to trim them to the correct length , which took about 30 seconds and worked well . A little cleanup on my wire wheel , and i have a cheap set of knives to alternate in . The fit is fine other than the length.I installed and ran through some test Cherry , then went to work on some knotty yellow pine , and face jointed some 6 '' fir . No issues . cut is clean , and blades remain sharp . Seems to be a very good deal for my application . I ordered a second set now that I know it 's not to difficult to trim them to length . Not sure about durability , but for the price , you cant go wrong , and I 'll always have a sharp set using a decent sharpening service .
 This is a fair Moisture meter that can be purchased elsewhere for $ 24.99 plus $ 4.99 Shipping and is made in China . It is a meter that can be carried around !
 These were likely intended for 1950 's -60 's small Craftsman Jointers . Bought 2 packs . Toomaker by trade , I inspected all blades . Yes they are very sharp out of the box , but the wrong angle ! -LRB- Sears says 36 degrees , these were 43 -RRB- . You will need to remove a heavy 1/64 from the heel of the edge to correct this or they will pound the wood and not cut . A grinding job . I compared with my original Sears blades and all were ~ 60 Rockwell C. . Most of the Freud blades were flat within .001 &#34; . One was .003 &#34; . I say that is VERY good . They ground like typical low grade High speed steel . Very nice . Easy to hone a razor edge on . Should hold an edge at least as well as the old Sears blades . 5 stars if angle was correct . Enjoy your old jointer made of cast iron , made in the USA , when we did such things !
 In my experience , these replacements are less expensive than original blades , but they seem to be less hearty , requiring more frequent sharpening . This is not a scientific analysis , merely a gut feeling after using them for a year .
 Blades not installed yet . Ca n't verify fit . Finish not up to oem , but should work ok . Price was right , though .
 After eight month this heater work like the original one -LRB- 10 years -RRB- ... Receive in time and welle package.Still working after 2 years
 The planer knives look just like the OEM blades but at half the price . I bought these for a 2030 which has the same hole pattern but are 1/4 shorter on each end -LRB- easily solvable with a grinder -RRB- . Will buy these again if I need more .
 These are knives the way they used to make them , thick and can be re-sharpened . Excellent .
 My old surface planer needed new blade . I ordered these blades and gauge for installing them . I would really have appreciated some directions or pictures . The blades were sharp and gave my old planer new useful life .
 Just needed a light honing out of the package and ready to go . Very high quality , typical Freud . Absolutely the best blade at an excellent price .
 Knives have not yet been installed in my machine but appear to be of excellent quality -LRB- Freud Brand -RRB- . They have the inserted cutting edge like the original knives .
 DH ruined a set of planer blades for a customer he was working for , so we bought these to replace . They fit the way they should and worked just like new .
 The freud blades for ryobi ap-10 planner have carbide cutter on high speed steel blade . The cut is so smooth it hardly requires sanding . I 'm very impressed .
 I HAD TROUBLE FINDING 10 '' BLADES FOR MY RYOBI PLANER . I FOUND THEM ON AMAZON AND THE PRICE WAS REASONABLE , SO I PURCHASED A SET , THEY FIT AND WORKED FINE . I JUST NOW ORDERED 2 MORE SETS AND AM SATISFIED WITH THEM . THEY ARE GREAT BLADES .
 THE BLADES WERE EXACTLY WHAT I ORDERED AND FIT THE DEVICE PERFECTLY.NO PROBLEMS HERE .
 The knives were exactly as described and they installed in 15 minutes with no fuss . Test it out on some walnut and the results were near perfect . I reset my in feed and out rolls . When I ran the walnut board through after having jointed two sides , the planed side and corresponding edge were so smooth I could have not bothered to finish sand . No end snipe . Excellent product *****
 I had some clear heart redwood 2x6 deck boards that I wanted to clean up to use to replace some decking . I decided to `` tune up '' my old Ryobi AP-10 planer that I purchased in the mid 80 's . The power cord was in need of replacing because the jacket was falling apart . I still had the instructions that came with the planer so I figured out how to take it apart to replace the cord . I also gave the planer a thorough cleaning and lubing while it was apart.Now all that it needed to was a new set of planer knives . I found the Freud C600 knives and ordered them . They arrived quickly and in perfect shape . Installing the knives went quickly because I still had the Ryobi blade alignment tool . The planer now performs just like new and made short work of cleaning up the redwood.I took the original knives to the local sharpening shop and now have a spare set ready to go . The nice part about the Ryobi AP-10 planer is that you CAN resharpen the knives .
 ITEM IS AS ADVERTISED . IT 'S A BLADE , IT 'S SHARP , IT CUTS.WHAT ELSE ?
 blades are great but the shipping could use alot of help with the time frame.slow
 Just bought a set of these blades for my old Ryobi AP10 planer and they fit perfectly . Took about 15 minutes to change them out .
 FREUD A TRUSTED NAME IN CUTTING TOOLS HAS ADDED THESE TO THEIR PRODUCT LINE A PLUS FOR THOSE OF US WITH THE VINTAGE RYOBI AP 10 PLANER . THE FIT IS PERFECT ... THEIR PERFORMANCE IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ORIGINAL , AS FREUD HAS CHOSEN NOT TO DUBLICATE THE MICRO BEVEL ON THE EDGE WHEN GRINDING THESE REPLACEMENT KNIVES ...
 Good quality Freud blades for my old AP-10 at a good price and fast shipping .
 Not much to say about these . They worked fine as replacement blades in my planer . I have no way of testing the type of steel ; they do feel like they may be a little soft , but my planer is used for light duty and so far no problems .
 These blades was a heaven send was tring to finish a trim job my old blades had hit some nails and was nicked up pretty bad was so glad these blades got here fast .
 The knives came just as expected on time and worked with no difficulty at all ! I was glad I could still get them .
 Easy to install and work very well . Make the planer operate just like new . Cheaper to buy these blades than to have the old ones sharpened . Will probably buy an extra set for a spare .
 My husband was so glad we were able to purchase replacements for his Ryobi planer . He said they work just great . We were unable to find any locally and were very happy we found them on Amazon.com .
 Good sturdy blades , not as durable as the original Ryobi blades , nor as sharp , but a light hone to them & they work very well .
 These knives are super sharp and give a mirror like finish on the wood probably better then sanding could create . If these stay in sharp condition for a reasonable amount of time they will be a good investment .
 The title of this item has a typo , and the picture is incorrect . But after reading the negative comments left for other air accessory kits on this site , I decided to take a chance on this one . I 'm glad I did . The quality is very good , and it has everything I needed to get started with my new air compressor . It 's a bargain .
 I 've used this router lift for a mix of wood-working jobs and have n't found much wrong with it . It 's very well-made , the adjustments are solid but not too tight , and the height adjustment is quite repeatable . I like the fact that the included manual describes what you may need to do as the years go by ; for example , they describe replacing the felt chip brushes on the shafts , knowing that you 'll be using this thing for 10 + years .
 It took me all of 15 minutes to read the directions , remove the motor from my PC7518 , install it in the Mast-R-Lift and have it ready for use in the router table . I could n't ask for anything easier and it operates soooo smoothly too .
 I had a little difficult time inserting my Milwakee router with the sleeve but eventually got it . I have used it extensively and having the ability to change the bit above the table is a luxury ! I LOVE it ! It 's smooth and cranks nice and even both up and down . It is a little pricey but I know I wo n't have to buy another one , but I would n't mind having 1 or 2 more . I strongly advise anyone to invest in this quality tool rather than a cheaper one that you 'll need to replace at least once . 5 Stars *****
 After doing much research on routers for use in a table-I decided to purchase a lift.I am totally satisfied with it.It is like having a shaper.Effortlessly run it up , down or fine tune bit height.If you purchase this -LRB- or any -RRB- lift , I would suggest buying the template .
 Have two of them installed in my custom router table . Several years of use with no issues whatsoever . Jessem simply makes good products .
 Purchased this with a 3hp PC Router . . What a good combination for my purposes . I like to make cabinet doors , kitchen mostly . Was able to change bits as advertised ... Without incident
 The JessEm lift worked very well for me . I had to buy the 3-1/2 '' reducer collar to fit my new Bosch router to the unit , but that part worked fine also . The quality is outstanding complete with red anodizing . The crank works well .
 I have n't purchased many products over the years that have performed up to my expectations . Well ... this is one that met my expectations , and then some ! This is a fine , well made , piece of equipment that works exactly as the ads claim it will and is easy to set up and operate . I had everything installed and working in short order and am very pleased with it .
 used this item when I remodeled my kitchen and I must say it worked great , installation was simple and adjustment is easy
 Product was exactly as advertised . Great quality , great price , fast delivery . Wish the lift would accept Porter Cable 892 . Contacted mfgr to inquire about an adapter , but no response .
 I have used this system for about 8 years now I originally got it for my private shop , but since have transferred it to my industriale furniture shop . I did not use the JessEm motor I am still using a porter cable motor that fits into the housing , with industriale use they last about 4yrs . I have the left , table , and slide they have all worked well and with very view complantes . I had to take the steel tube base the deck was mounted on originally and make a heavier wooden box , structurally the steel was adequate but a larger piece of wood on top made it ungainly and inaccurate . The only issues I have had are that after 8yrs of service the belt adjustment that goes from the upper deck to the adjustment screw on the underside finally broke and was difficult to find . the other was that if the adjustment is left in the same place for a longer time it tends to stick because of dust accumulation on the mounting hardware . But that aside I have overused the tool for it 's intended purpose for a long while and it 's still going just as well as the day I purchased it it costs a little bit more but has more than been worth it I wood recommend it 's use for anything short of an industrial grade shaper .
 Installed the Planer blades in my Delta Planer . The blades worked fine I did not have any problems . I Planed white oak boards with the blades .
 These knives are exactly the same as the original Delta knives , only less than 1/4 the cost . Installed easily and cut fine . I would buy them again in the future .
 This is my 3rd set of the Freud blades for my planer . I find it cheaper to buy these blades new than to pay to have them sharpened . Besides extreme care is required in sharpening blades to keep them perfectly parallel . I use the blades almost exclusively on hard woods and they last about a year in my shop . My planer is used several times a week
 I have purchased this Chapin Sprayer and also the Premium version and own them for a while . They offer outstanding performance and are better than any of the junk you get from Walmart , Lowes and Home Depot . Those only last one season and you need gaskets or the hoses are clogged.I am not saying the Chapin 's do n't require maintenance , but atleast you can buy a replacement gasket set . I have not had to in 3 years yet . The best feature is that you only have to pump one session -LRB- about 20-24 times -RRB- and that lasts me the entire 2 gallons ! Seriously , I had to pump the others about every 2 minutes . This will go for 20 minutes easily . The only negative -LRB- and it is a minor complaint -RRB- is that in both models it is not translucent enough to see the fluid graduations . I guess because it is a thicker plastic and will stand up to time . The larger opening and Wand holder is nice too . You never come in contact with any chemicals or minor leaks that run down the wand , hose and then your arm . Also , the Handle has a good twist lock and the design does not hurt your hand over time while you lug it around . A noticable difference from the Big Store limited models . Yes , it will cost a few bucks and will take a few extra days to arrive via shipping , but atleast you wo n't be doing it annually anymore .
 This is a high quality router lift , no doubt about it . It is heavy , sturdy , solidly built piece of equipment . The only problem is it is missing a major feature that can be found on at least one other router lift.The 8.25 x 11.25 inch lift is designed to fit in bench dog router tables . Mounting and leveling the lift in such a table is a breeze . There are sungger bars on the side and back that make sure the lift does not move around in the opening in the table . Loading a Porter Cable 7518 router into the lift is also as easy as can be.The action of the crank handle is solid , and it is possible to make very fine adjustments the height of the bit -LRB- 1 full turn = 1/16th of an inch in bit height -RRB- . There is a bit of backlash when changing directions on the crank , but this is going to be true of any router lift . The inserts are easy to install and fit snug and flush to the top.With a Porter Cable 7518 installed in the lift , it is possible to change the bit from above the table . This is one of the main reasons for investing in a router lift to begin with . The only problem is that any time you want to change the bit you have to crank the router all the way to the top , and at 1/16th inch per turn , that 's a lot of cranking - do n't forget it 's not just the bit , but also the collet and chuck that need to be above the table in order to get the wrenches on them.If one of the benefits you are looking for in a router lift is the ability to change bits quickly and easily , I would suggest looking for a lift with an easier way to raise the router all the way to the top . At the time of this review the only lift I am aware of that accomplishes this is the Woodpecker Quicklift , but I am sure others will be adding this feature to their lifts in due time . I own the woodpecker lift and I recommend it highly , the quality is as good as the Jessem and the quick lift feature makes all the difference.If you are not concerned with changing bits that often , or you do n't mind a lot of cranking , the Jessem lift is a great lift to own .
 This is a great product from what I 've been able to do with it , but it came without the Snugger Bars that the owners manual claimed it had on it , NOTTHERE !! Needed an adaptor collar to fit the Porter Cable 980 Router , was n't told in advance of this , so another order to Jessemdirect.com to procure the collar and did n't have all three of the loc tab collars to fit in the plate , so another order to get those . Wish the sellers could come clean as to what is and is n't in the package when you place the order .
 I bought these knives to replace the original set on my Shopsmith 12 '' Pro Planer . They fit perfectly . They are a little thicker than the original blades but they fit just fine . They came very sharp and are producing a nice clean smooth surface . The only issue I have is they had a very slight wire lip on them . I ran them across a hard arkansas stone -LRB- back side flat on the stone -RRB- to remove it.Good blades at a great price . I would buy them again .
 THE PLANER KNIVES ARE EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED ON LINE AND FULLY MET MY EXPECTATIONS . THEY WERE WELL PACKED AND ARRIVED IN GOOD SHAPE WELL SHARPENED AND READY TO BE INSTALLED . I 'M VERY SATISFIED WITH MY PURCHASE .
 I have an old Woodmaster model 612 , the knives were a perfect fit . Very pleased .
 Just what I needed , delivered when I needed it at a reasonable price = happy customer and many well planed boards .
 I have a moderate sized pond , perhaps 4000 gallons . I created a waterfall for it that requires the pump lift the water about 7 feet.This pump has worked extremely well in this installation . We live in Colorado , so the pond does have moderately extreme weather from summer through winter . The pump runs year round , of course.I just had to replace the pump a couple days ago ... I had a back-up already purchased , and since the two pumps are the same model , it was easy to replace the pump ... just unscrew it from the hose fitting and attach the new pump back onto the hose -LRB- no tools , but for the waders to get to the pump -RRB- . The pump lasted seven year . I think that is a very good length of time.I told my next door neighbor about the pump and he installed one in his pond , probably a 5000 gallon pond , and his lift is about 8 feet . His pump works great and it is still functioning three years later.The reason I thought to writing this review is that I am back on Amazon.com buying my next backup pump -LRB- the same model , of course -RRB- , a pump that I do n't expect to need to use for many years ... but it is there when I need it -LRB- everyone with a pond and fish needs to have a backup pump and secondary aeration system in case of failure of the primary , in this case a waterfall , oxygenation system -RRB- . The cost and reliability make this pump a great purchase .
 I bought this to replace our old waterfall pump in our goldfish pond . We were using a sump pump from the local hardware store . Wow , what a difference this thing is ! It pumps out huge amounts of water . I think our goldfish have lost about 3 lbs apiece just trying to stay upstream , lol.Pros : Pumps a LOT of water . Great pressure if you 're emptying the pond for cleaning.Quiet operation . Very long cord -LRB- see desc -RRB- . Cons : No way to hook on a hose for the inlet . Kinda tall when sitting upright.About the cons
 This is the first pump I have purchased , but it works great . It does a great job of pumping large quantities of water and handles debris very well .
 This pump is great , very powerful for the price , but do n't make the dumb mistake I did . It only has an outgoing hose attachment . I had to epoxy something on the intake so I could hook it up to my koi pond filter hose . Exceptional as a fountain pump which is what it claims to be .
 Great option for a pond or waterfall ... works through almost all weather . Even if your water runs out , and you forget to turn off the unit until the nest morning . After I filled the tank again , it started working like a pro . Great for the price .
 I am very happy with service , price and the pump . Will no more by end of winter . Would certainly do business this business again .
 We have a large Koi pond and has a water fall it this pump is built to last we run it all thru the winter with no problems Ive tried other and they cant keep up in the winter great desing . thxs Cecil
 This is my second pump . The first one lasted 6 years before finally kicking the bucket . It worked flawlessy over the years and moved a lot of water . I was so pleased with the performance I ordered a second pump and it has been working flawlessly for over a month now .
 It 's been running for about a week now with no apparent problems . If it 's still running this time next year with no problems I 'll be satisfied .
 This is agood pump for the money . I have had my pond for 10 years and about every 3 years I have to replace the pump and I found tbis one to work the best . It runs 24/7 . This is the third one I have bought and I did have a little hickup as it only worked I day . I called and the sent me a shipping label by email I boxed the pump took it to my UPS drop off and I had a new working pump within 4 days . I would recommend this pump to anyone who needs to move a lot of water for a waterfall .
 Beckett 7115010 Waterfall Pump 5000gphI purchased this pump to replace a Danner 02665 Proline pump that quite working after 2 weeks.DO NOT PURCHASE FROM Danner !!! Bad products and worse customer service.This Beckett pump has been working great for over a year on my pond with waterfall that runs constantly.I would highly recommend this product .
 After looking at a lot of pumps from various sites we found just what we needed and the price was super . This is now running a large three level pond with waterfalls . Ca n't beat the pump performance or the price .
 This was the perfect bushing I needed for a grinding wheel to mount on my grinder . Since the holes are 1.25 '' this bushing was a match . I do n't have a micrometer so I ca n't give precise measurements but it fit in the aluminum hub of the grinding wheel and the shaft of the grinder fine . The only issue was that it had some mild surface corrosion but that came off with a bit of scrubbing with some steel wool . Very pleased that Amazon offered this product at a very low price ! Made in Italy .
 A Moment in Time is a compilation of rare and out-of-print singles and EP ` s ; Many of the tracks are from the time the Band was called Death in the Dark and also included a real live drummer . Stand out cuts are
 How to sum this album up ... The sound is easy to recommend
 Fantastic ! This album has a very straight forward sound that cuts straight to the heart of things . As opposed to all Ikon albums to follow , these songs are much more stripped down . With less electronic layering , their songs remain vastly atomospheric and emotive with raw power.You hear the band evolve with each track . If you enjoy the less electro/industrial/dance side of Goth -LRB- the only kind of Goth I enjoy -RRB- , you will fall in love with this album . Equally enjoyable to Joy Division 's greatest works , but stirring emotions on a slightly less level . If you 're new to Ikon , buy this album first .
 Best all around multi-purpose gloves I have ever purchased . Provided me with excellent dexterity and protection . The super duty workhorse of gloves . I have tried them all and nothing compared this glove . If you going to spend the money why not buy the best . Another premium product by Makita Power Tools .
 Do n't handle wood without a pair . Aside from avoiding countless slivers and the ability to guide wood through machinery without slipping , I attest to having all fingers accounted for when such would not be the case had I not been wearing these gloves . Fingers are worth more than the price !!!
 In a momentary lapse of sanity I decided to ignore my better judgement and cut a too small piece of oak using my table saw rather than the band saw . The rest was history in a flash . The blade back grabbed the piece and slammed it down on my fingers with a 3hp force that shattered the hardwood . I was almost afraid to look into the glove but amazingly Not Even a Bruise ! I now own 3 pairs . BTW , the XL fits me like a normal Large .
 Normally a person who eschews gloves , I am delighted with these . The Ironclad gloves I used before died swiftly , while these are still going strong . Easy to use with small objects and easy on and off , and very comfortable . I highly recommend these gloves .
 Do n't think twice about getting these gloves . They are awesome!Super comfortable and worth getting . You wont be disappointed .
 Highly recommended and I have never had to hang wallpaper before and it was easy . I would have rated this a five but the paper sticker stuck to the wallpaper and caused some tears so order more than you need by at least 6 '' per roll . This was not a problem for me but the directions are the sticker and if you tear it and ca n't read then good luck . So , great looking product at a steal of a price just be careful opening the product .
 this was an awesome price for this wallborder , the cheapest i found on the internet . Product came very quickly . The only negative thing i could think of is that the baseball field in the background is n't the braves field . that was n't a problem for me , but might be for someone . i was very pleased with this purchase
 I just bought 6 of these bushings to recycle a 1 '' arbor dado set I have from a previous saw for use on my new Delta table saw . I was skeptical about stacking these things , but they worked great ! The dado ran true and round with no wobble or vibration . The only problem I had with these bushings was that the fit is rather tight . I needed to tap them into the 1 '' hole on the dado blades , then `` work '' them on to the saw arbor . Once they were on the arbor , the center hole loosened enough for easy blade removal , except for 1 bushing that was still a little too tight . I guess a tight fit is better than a loose one for something like this , so I believe they will be fine . Once the bushings were on the blades , they remained in place . To remove them I had to place the blade on a block with a space under it , and tap the bushing . My summary is that they do exactly what they say they will do , adapt a 1 '' saw blade to a 5/8 '' arbor without any performance loss .
 I was weary because I wondered if it would be unstable , but it 's a tight fit and worked great with a 12 '' Dewalt blade . No worries .
 What can you say about such a small item which does a large job effectively . Fits snuggly on the 1 '' arbor on my 12 '' table-saw blades and reduces them to 5/8 '' to fit the arbor on my 10 '' 5 HP table-saw giving me 4 '' depth capability of cut when needed . As long as you make sure your insert opening is large enough to accomodate a 12 '' blade on your 10 '' saw . . an effective way to gain depth of cut without actually having a 12 '' table-saw . Bottom line is the product `` gets er done '' !
 Bushings fit perfectly and made my 1 inch arbor saw blades fit a 5/8 inch arbor like they were originally made for it .
 Knurled edges make a tight fit , but much better than other amazon alternative arbor converters . A must for using new blades on old Craftsman saws .
 The 3-1/2 '' reducer collar to adapt my Bosch router to the Mast-R-Lift worked just as it 's supposed to . If you get the Mast-R-Lift , make sure you check the listing to see whether you 'll need a collar or not .
 The bushing was a snug fit for the Freud saw blade I purchased for my 1/2 '' arbor table saw . I do n't have to worry about losing the bushing when I remove the blade from the saw .
 The bushing did exactly what it was supposed to do . It made my cheap overseas-made tile cutting blade fit into a cheap overseas-made tile saw made by the same company . They really need to decide what size to make their arbors , and make their blades accordingly . They could make both to U.S. Specs , but that would be too smart , would n't it .
 The filters came fast and are just what I needed for the year . Glad I could order them on line since the size I need is very hard to find at the stores . Will reorder next year .
 Looked for this item at my local Bigbox store and could n't find one so I went online and remembered that I bought the exact same item years ago and have n't had a problem with since I installed it.Bought this one for my son 's house for a clothes dryer hook up that the original owner had not wired correctly and did not have a breaker box.Installed this one and it works fine.Would recommend .
 This panel is old school . It 's getting harder and harder to find them like this . I got this so my family has no questions as to whether the circuit is off or on . It 's built tough too . Ca n't think of anything bad to say about it . Good value .
 I used this to reduce the hole size in a cutoff wheel to be able to install it on my table saw . Now i can cut big pieces of metal on the table saw . It fits and does the job .
 I fish 250 plus days a year and I need tools that work these bolt cutters not only work they work great at cutting hooks , cable , braided line etc. .
 NEEDED A SMALL CUTTER TO FIT IN MY TOOL BELT AND THIS FIT THE BILL , CUTS THREW ANYTHING
 Quick ship , nutsetters were made with hardened metal and are exactly what I needed . The shafts are short for those hard to get to places . Very satisfied ... Thanks
 These are better than a set of metric nut drivers.You can use these with a racheting screw driver .
 Lightolier track and components have skyrocketed in price , but I was able to add to and match my current system at a more reasonable price than elsewhere for the Lightolier brand -LRB- and quality -RRB- . I had questions before purchase , and the customer service was excellent .
 This is the cadillac of router tables . It totally blew my budget , but what a piece of equipment . It has completely removed the drudgery of changing bits and most importantly , making minute adjustments . No excuses now , whatever I 'm doing it will be `` right-on-the-money '' . I looked at other brands and types and lets just say you get what you pay for . My Grandkids will be using this router table and lift in their shop . Easy set-up and clear instructions . The initial use was better than I anticipated , so much so that I built a furniture grade cabinet to support it . Yep , I like it .
 This is a great router table top . It is very well built with exacting detail built into every piece . I built my own base with the only regret being JessEm did not offer any schematic for the screw holes on the bottom of the table top .
 I purchased 3 gauges in a pillar pod from a company . The gauge had like 2 feet of wire for each gauge and each gauge had at least 1 wire that needed to go to the engine compartment for a sender signal . I purchased this 100 foot of wire in black from amazon.com for only 11 with free shipping . It was 16-gauge , which was thicker than I thought . I guess the one I was thinking of was 18-gauge which is just a little thinner . Would have worked better for me because the gauge wiring was at least 24-gauge I believe . That was my mistake though . 16-gauge thickness is about the thickness of a shoelace end , the plastic piece . Just so you know how thick it is . I should have looked it up but I knew 16-gauge would be fine after asking the professional about it . This wire coating is very durable and it is n't too hard or too soft , just in the middle which was perfect for my engine . Anyways , just wanted to let everyone know how great this wire is for the price . I was expecting something cheap since I paid very cheap but it is fantastic stuff . If you go to an auto parts store they 'd charge you like 35 dollars for this stuff easily .
 Great wire . I almost bought 50 less feet of this wire for about the same price from another online website company . I 'm glad I bought this wire . It works just like it should . It was at my door in 2 days as well .
 This wire is cheap and there is a lot of it . I have been using for a few years and still have wire left . Never any problem and nice thickness in the wire and the covering .
 I bought this to have on hand for projects . The 16 gauge wire is a little thinner than I thought , but that is not a problem of the products . 100ft for the price that amazon is charging is a great deal .
 Nice gauge wire which can be used for many different projects . It 's nice to have enough wire to do the project right and not `` make do '' .
 Perfect for the price point . Jacket is thick and sturdy but easy to strip , gauge is accurate , strand count is average .
 What can I say other than it is 100 ' of cable at a great price and does what it should .
 Do you sell this cable in orange . For now I would use red . I want to use orange to contrast with grass for when I use it for a lunch control .
 Good-High quality cable-Spindle has holes to stop the cable from unwinding-Housing does not stretchBad-Slightly expensive
 Was exactly what I want in a purse-carrying size to maneuver in the dark or to look into crystals .
 Lightolier track and components have skyrocketed in price , but I was able to add to and match my current system at a more reasonable price than elsewhere for the Lightolier brand -LRB- and quality -RRB- . I had questions before purchase , and the customer service was excellent .
 I have a Porter Cable 690 with the three optional handles
 This is the first one of the lifts that I have bought . It is really easy to raise and lower , and I am pretty well satisfied with it . The only difficulty I have experienced is changing bits . With the router all the way raised , you have to angle the wrenches and it is rather cumbersome to get the bits on and off . I have thought of bending a wrench to accommodate that . The best thing is that it makes fine adjustments to bit height really easy .
 I have been woodworking for about 4 years now with a homemade router table . I have used my PC 690 in that old traditional table/plate , and I just recently upgraded to this lift . I now have a Millwaukee 2625 mounted in that lift and I could n't be happier . The router fit into the lift with no modifications in about 3 minutes . The lift is very precise and very solid . Small adjustments are extremely accurate . I could n't be happier with it so far . A huge advancement from my traditional router table that required me to raise/lower the bit from underneath .
 I 'm kicking myself for not getting this sooner . I have a Bosch 1617 EVS and for the longest time used the height adjustment wrench to raise and lower the bits . Changing bits required opening up my router table and bending down to access the router . With this lift I can raise and lower the bit with ease . The crank handle is great ! Changing bits is also easy and very time saving now since I can do it above the table . By far this is one of the best purchases I have made for my shop . It saves me time and improves the quality of my work .
 The lift plate is a pleasure to use . I dont know why I held out so long . The MDF template sold by JessEm needs some betterinstructions -LRB- Read my review -RRB- . Made in Canada , wow ! Great quality , wow . Tried to use the provided spanner wrench to place andremove the table inserts and guess what ? It DID NOT FIT . The pins in the spanner wrench were pressed in an angle . Had to openup the holes in the inserts so I could use the supplied spanner wrench . Guess where that was made , and your first guess is ? Ourfriends in CHINA have put it to me again . I looked at the bag that it was packaged in and guess what ? Made in CHINA !!!!! It ` snot that I was surprised but with all the hype about JessEm being made in Canada , and we are machinists and toolmakers , and weare woodworkers too , and quality comes first , BLA BLA BLA . JessEm should look at the quality control of their subcontractors.All in all , a really great tool accessory .
 This mechanism is well crafted with quality materials and the lift adjustment is precise . I recommend getting the template for cutting out your table top from the manufacturer . You only find out about needing this after you 've opened the box . So , if you think you can be operational with the lift right after you receive it you 'll need to wait . I made a template with a combination of router bushing guides and it took about 2 hours to complete . I had to totally dismantle the lift so I had a flat base -LRB- on both sides -RRB- to trace with the router template guide . It would be nice if JessEm would include a cheap 1/4 '' thick template -LRB- or even a full scale drawing that you could trace -RRB- with instructions of which router bit / template guide combination to use . If you 're in the market for a router lift to be more productive this is the one . As the the saying goes , `` The man who needs a tool he does n't have is already paying for it . ''
 Excellent except only thing I did n't like was that they did n't obscure the outside box . . They just put a shipping label on it and it came in its original box .
 I bought this to use on my new router table . Works great ! I would buy it again if I had it to do over .
 This tool looks like and operates like the top of the line lifter sold by Rockler . It is great for us po folk .
 JessEm 02302 Rout-R-Lift FX Router Base for 2 HP Fixed Base Router MotorI purchased this item on April 15 , 2009 and it was on my doorstep the morning of April 20 , 2009 . As usual Amazon did a great job in getting this out . I am impressed with the craftsmanship of this item . It is very well made and came packaged in a good heavy shipping box . Again Amazon had packed it even better in another box with another item . The lift fits my Dewalt 618 router like a glove . I removed the fixed base from the router and the motor slides into the lift as it was intended to . I had to make one minor adjustment on the clamp to tighten it up but it is a good solid hook up for my router . The retail price of this item is too high in my estimation . I got it for the sale price of Amazon but I think that it is still a bit pricey . I am looking forward to using this for building cabinet doors for a remodel job I am undertaking . This item comes with instructions ! You do n't have to be a genius to use it ! I rate this item with 4 stars just because I have n't had the priviledge of using it yet . V. Carr
 After years of lifting my router out of the table to change bits or adjust depth , this little helper is the hit of my home workshop . Precise settings and ease of use make this worth every penny I paid . I now change bits above the table with ease . Ca n't see how I did without it .
 if you are building your own table this is the only way to go.it makes bit changes a breeze.its so easy to make accurite height adjustments.i love it !
 I love this lamp - although it is taller than I imagined it would be , so definitely measure the space where you intend to use it . Be sure to use a low wattage bulb as I noticed the shade began to buckle from the heat of the bulb . I 've switched to a lower watt and it 's fine now . It is a lovely sleek warm lamp . I 've been very happy with it .
 We love these lamps . Perfect for the barbeque area . The light has a dimmer so can go from very bright to softer . Poles and lamps are very sturdy . A great bargain , the price was low for the quality .
 It looks really nice in my patio . It has a dimmer and it can get very bright . I like this lamp a lot , the price was very reasonable and is so easy to assembly . Outside it gets rain and snow but it 's so easy to clean . Anyway , I think it was a great buy , I am so happy with it .
 Simply put ... these are nice quality lamps . Sturdy build , nice updated look with the brushed metals . Thick quality cord will hold up well , I believe . Adds just enough light to the porch . I just ordered my second since I was impressed with the first one . Price is terrific compared to what else is available out there .
 Outdoor Expressions , Smoked Nickel/Brushed Penny Finish , Outdoor Mini Post LampExcellent product . I hook them up to a timer.Good security light and the dimmer makes the light bulbs last a long time . High quality finish
 The mini post lamp is a marvelous addition to any outside sitting area . It provides an ideal amount of light for eating or just visiting . The appearace is such that it goes with almost any decor and is well made and sturdy as well as attractive .
 We have this in our screened in entry-way porch . It 's very well made for the price , sturdy , looks very stylish , and will look great adorned with a holiday garland and red bow in December . Highly recommended .
 This firm has been making very high quality for a long time . First class construction . These go for a lot more in lighting stores . They are heads and tails above most others .
 for my purpose it works great . I sand out clear coats using 1000-1200-1500 grit hook and loop sandpaper . I just wish a tool company would fabricate a plastic gizmo that directs the cold blast of air away from your arm . Other than that Im happy with my purchase .
 Its pneumatic and pressure sensitive too ! I 've used this tool for rough sanding to finish work - its quieter than an electric and switching out sandpaper is fast and easy . I like to have two around with different grits for furniture work to conserve paper over time , because the adhesive is really only good on the first application .
 I bought this to replace a fixture in a desk that needs to hide behind a 3/4 '' strip of wood . This fixture worked perfectly . Decent amount of light , decent quality . The replacement bulb may be tricky to find locally , it looks to be a T4 bulb like was in my old fixture . I could not find the replacement bulbs locally and had to order one online . The T4 bulb is what allows the fixture to be so thin ...
 I bought one of these for my wife and installed it in our kitchen in a couple of minutes . She liked the additional lighting so much that we thought we 'd like some more -LRB- big kitchen -RRB- . TheGE 10167 Slimline Fluorescent Under Cabinet Light Fixture , 8-Inchlights got better ratings and are comparably priced , so we tried those . The Westek is * so * much easier to install.The plastic housing is strong and sturdy.The bulb does get a little warm , so do n't be surprised , but it happens on just about every flouro i 've owned.They are supposed to be linkable , but I have n't done this yet . I like these so much , I plan to buy a third , and I expect to link that to another.One nice touch on this is the adjustable cable . I have n't trimmed mine yet , but it seems pretty easily trimmed so that you do n't have a bunch of extra cable . The acrylic diffuser kind of causes a natural/candle light tint instead of the stark white/purple of the GE.They 're a great value , easy to install , flexible , nicely packaged , etc. .
 After buying 2 new enclosed computer stations that was black I realized that I needed some light . I ordered two of these to add under the tops of the stations . We installed them and was very pleased with the result . It lights up the keyboard and desktop but does n't cause glare on the computer screen . It gives me just the right amount of light to work at the computer . I would not like to have to work without them . They do n't take up space , and are eash to install.I would recommend them to anyone who needs extra light whether under a cabinet or any other place . They also came in black to match my computer station . I 'm a happy customer .
 Westek 20-Inch Plug-In 16-Watt Fluorescent Ultra Light Under Cabinet Light is extremely bright for it 's size and economical to use . Very pleased with purchase .
 Fits just right for the application and was reasonable easy to install considering the awkward position it is mounted . Fits in well and is unobtrusive yet easily accessible . Quite bright for the size of the bulb and is perfect for my usage .
 I purchased this light for my kitchen , in the morning before the house wakes up I like to get my coffee and before I owuld have to turn all the lights on and now I do n't . Very easy to put up . I really stink at putting stuff together , hire people to do Christmas for me , so being able to hang a light was a great task for me . I would recomend .
 This product is great . It produces an opening that perfectly fits the Jessem Mast-R-Lift or Mast-R-Plate . That 's all it does - but it is perfect . Yes it does require a 3/4 '' OD collar and a 1/2 '' straight router bit . These are pretty common things - especially for people who need this template . What you have to do is ask yourself - `` Is it worth my time to spend 20 bucks on this template - or is it more valuable for me to make my own . '' Since I will likely change out my router tables over time -LRB- but not my Mast-R-Lift -RRB- , having a perfect template is well worth 20 bucks.But thats just me ...
 The cutout is a little crude for something that was CNC machined . I used a 51/64 '' bushing with a 1/2 '' cutter and it worked outjust fine . I would suggest finishing the recess for the router plate with a 1 '' bushing and a 3/4 '' cutter to provide a larger lipfor the lift plate to sit on . If you cut out the remainder as suggeted , you DO NOT have enough lip to properly use the levelingscrews as well as the -LRB- 4 -RRB- mounting bolts . You need much more than 1/2 '' as implied in the instructions .
 I pulled this template out of the box , put doublestick tape on it , lined it up , attached the collar to my router baseplate , set the bit depth and got the job done in far less time and with far less grief than I had anticipated ... and the lift plate fit perfectly . -LRB- I would recommend setting the bit depth a touch deeper than you might think ... I had to adjust the bit and take another pass . -RRB- You could spend a couple of hours making a template that will do this job , but it 's unlikely it will be as accurate as this one is.Highly recommended ... well worth the money .
 Temlate worked perfect for recessing lift in table saw extension table.Double-stick tape it in place-use a 3/4 inch guide bushing with a 1/2 inch straight bit and its a piece of cake . I will use it again when I build a new extension table .
 Initially I was concerned about paying this much for an MDF template but I am glad I did . The time saved in not making a template from scratch was well worth it .
 Very much easier than doing it by hand . Using the jig has changed my mind about hand grinding . A few degrees here and there adds up and sometimes really changes a tool ! With this jig you can have a super sharp tool and the results are the same over and over with little time invested and without grinding off a lot of the tool .
 I have been using this system for a month or so now and love it . It makes sharpening skews and gouges a snap , and allows me to do so with less time grinding so my tools will last longer.It was quite easy to set up , I just made a riser block out of 3/4 '' plywood for my grinder and then the 8 '' wheels of my grinder easily cleared the brackets for the jig . Aligning the brackets was easy as well.Using this system made it much easier to grind my own tools from HSS bar stock . I made a round skew and a pyramid point tool , and while they could be made using the standard grinder tool rests , using this jig made the whole process much easier .
 I 've been trying to buy this product for a while . The main reason for this long wait has been the price . I thought it is too expensive for such a simple design . I decided to buy it for the same reason at the end . It is so simple , sturdy and easy to use that I ca n't fail . It 's true . I get perfect sharpenings every time with very little effort ! I do n't regret a dime I have spent on this.thanks !
 The OneWay Wolverine grinding jig is not a cheap tool in the slightest , especially when you use the whole Wolverine System.The components are well made , and operate EXACTLY as they manufacturer says they do.While I had heard on many forums , and from more than a few woodturners that I wanted a slow speed grinder , OneWay recommends the 3650 rpm 8 '' grinder for this setup . So I have my sharpening station set up using a Ryobi 8 '' grinder , Norton white wheels , and fitted with the OneWay wolverine jig , skew platform , and varigrind.The system set up and used correctly allows me to very quickly , and easily touch up my turning tools , and keep them good and sharp and keep turning without screwing up my gouges and skews.The large platform features a great deal of adjustability , which allows me to grind the proper bevel in to my hand chisels , and plane irons.Overall this has been a priceless addition to my shop . With the build quality this thing has , even though there are less expensive versions out there , I whole heartedly recommend the Wolverine . You wo n't be sorry you paid the premium for this tool !
 I cheaped out for over a year and tried to sharpen my lathe on a homemade jig . I also took my tools to have them sharpened . six tools cost me $ 42 . I bought the wolverine jig and sharpened 5 tools the first day . I now would not be without it . Follow the instruction video and you will cut your wood must cleaner . It is a must have for turners .
 I purchased this system after failing to sharpen my turning tools by free hand on my 8 '' grinder , it was a little pricy , but just like another reviewer , I spend around $ 40 to sharpen them , so it will pay for itself in just a few sharpening sessions . The system does work very well , but I want to share my experiences on mounting the system in this review . I chose to build a small table that would hold the system and nothing else , so I choose a -LRB- larger than needed -RRB- 20 '' x 30 '' area to mount it on . I purchased the basic system and added the diamond dresser and the skew attachment , I must have not looked at the pictures very closely and mounted the grinder and the clamping attachments in the middle of the table . Everything fit with the exception of the diamond dresser , it needs the system to be on the edge of the work surface , I finally decided to move everything to the edge , after spending many hours getting it mounted perfect in the middle of the table , and that did the trick , all the tools will now work with the wolverine . I did also find that to attain the required 6.5 '' needed from the table top to the middle of the gringing wheel , can be attained using a 3/4 '' or 1 '' piece of material , 1 '' of material will bring it to the max of 6.5 '' . Mounting the clamping device required it to be placed flush with the frount of the wheel and on the centerline of the wheel . I used a square and held it up from the table to the wheel and that gave me the edge mark . to find the centerline of the wheel I used the square again , marked the center of the wheel , placed the square up against the mark and transferred it to the table top . Finally I 'm not sure if the directions told you what size of wood screws to use with the clamping devices , but I used a # 10 wood screw and it fit perfectly , 3 on each side -LRB- I did find that the middle screw hole is centered on the grinder wheel , so getting it in with the grinder attached will be a challange , I had to remove the grinder to get the middle screws in on both sides . Hope this helps anyone in their setup , thanks OneWay for a great system , and Amazon for a great price .
 After alot of research and trying to find reasons to buy less expensive ones from other manufacturers , I bought this jig plus the skew attachment and the varigrind . I am absolutely satisfied with this product . No more `` Wingin ' It '' when sharpening my lathe tools . This thing is rock solid and easy to use . It provides the steadiness you need to be able to do your best work . Buy it , forget the others ... or read their reviews .
 New Wood Turners ! -LRB- and Pros -RRB- STOP ... do n't go on without this product ! Learning to turn is challenging enough , learning to turn with dull tools can be dangerous and frustrating . Lathe tools must be sharpened often . Do yourself a favor do n't waste time learning and sharpening freehand , spend your time turning . This JIG comes with an instructional video explaining in detail how to use . Set up to the grinder -LRB- I use a JET 8 inch -RRB- is a little tricky and must be done properly for Jig to work correctly . Just follow the intructions and you ca n't go wrong . I have never sharpened a tool before this Jig and my gouges and skews -LRB- also pruchased the skew attatchment -RRB- are sharper than when new . Great product . . thanks AMAZON and WOLVERINE .
 easy to assemble , great jig , esp . when you get the attachment to grind your bowl gouges with it . makes life easier and guarantees good sharpening . would n't want to be without it anymore !
 This simple jig makes shaping wood lathe tools very easy . Almost fool proof . Used it in a shop class with many high school students using it . Never experienced a problem and the students were free to use when necessary . Had students running 6 wood lathes at a time and only one sharpener .
 Great product , great service a must have for the woodturner.Mounts easy and I use it every time I turn wood.Heavy Duty .
 I ordered a packaged set of 8 wood lathe chisels and they were not sharp and the angles were all wrong on some of them . I used the Wolverine jig to sharpen the lot and it worked perfectly . It comes with a DVD video describing how to use the jig to sharpen a common set of about 5 lathe chisels . The video is very informative . The clamping mechanism works perfectly to keep your angles set and the vee arm adjustment set and does not move . I plan on sharpening lawn mower blades on the small table and I am sure it will work well . I also bought the Vari-Grind attachment which helps me shape a side grind on bowl and spindle gouges . I highly recommend this product to sharpen wood lathe chisels and other items .
 Having nicely sharpened tools makes turning much more pleasurable and the results much more appealing . Would highlyrecommend this unit .
 This Oneway system provides continuous replicated sharpened edges on your lathe tools over and over . I used to sharpen all of my lathe tools `` out of the seat of my pants '' so to speak.I would simply sharpen them by hand and over time i would lose some of the tool 's appropriate grinding angles.This system has created worry free sharpening sessions for me now between turnings that i appreciate and am proud of . Not forgetting to mention that my fingernail gouges produce better coves and beads with ease as opposed to the older methods of sharpening these particular tools.I am really glad that i have implemented this system into my custom game callmaking arsenal.ChrisEastern North Carolina -LSB- ... -RSB-
