 I suppose if you were going to sit in the same room and have line-of-sight with the device , lamp , etc. plugged into this control , it might work . Maybe . But I had it completely within the stated range and one basic house wall separating me and the unit , and it was completely unreliable.I 'd recommend spending a touch more money and getting a higher quality product .
 What am I reviewing here ... this gizmo or the supplier , Eforcity ? I never received this product after my order ! After waiting and waiting I contacted Eforcity several times -- no reply . After a nasty letter from me Eforcity ' r reply feigned lacking information about my mailing address!What a cop-out . I told them I would not pay for it , so Eforcity said they 'd give me a refund , which has not come to me yet . I bought another product to replace this from Amazon which arrived quickly from Amazon .
 Very disappointed in this product . It worked perfectly for exactly three days and could not be resuscitated . It was very inexpensive so I did not want to pay half again the price to ship it back for an exchange , so the company would do nothing when they sent me an inquiry as to product satisfaction .
 I ordered this because my apartment does n't have a light switch in the living room . It worked fine for about a week , then occassionaly would take 3 or 4 clicks to get the light to turn out . Now it will work 1 out of maybe 100 attempts , and only within 6 feet of the outlet . Terrible
 It worked about 40 % of the time when I was standing less than two feet from the outlet . When I moved eight to ten feet away it worked about 5 % of the . I would not recommend it .
 This cell phone holder is one of the poorest in quality I have ever seen . The Velcro or Hook and loop come un-sewn leaving your cell phone free to fall to the ground . I would n't recommend McGuire-Nicholas products to anyone . Their products are some of the poorest made products on the market .
 First time I tried the extractor , it busted off inside the bolt . Very hard metal , but so hard that it is quite brittle . Very little amount of free play , and does n't let you put any torque on the bolt at all , so if it is rusted in there , forget about this set ! Seems like a cheap knock off of the ever so popular `` easy out '' set.Now I have to figure a way out how to get the stupid thing out of my bolt so I can drill a new hole and tap some new threads in . Ca n't drill it out because the metal is so hard , it is chewing up my drill bits .
 This tool is made of cheap material and never work or extract tripped screw . I have tried so many times and eventually have to buy different brand tool to make my work finished
 Do not waste your money on this set ! After an hour I had worn the smallest drill bit in the set down to a nub trying to drill through a small transmission bolt on my Pontiac Sunfire . I did get the screw extracted , however , the set was worthless by the time I got the screw out . Also , the extractors are weak . One will need a small torch to heat up the metal to loosen screws and bolts to keep from snapping the extractors .
 This may be the best product out there ... I would n't know because I had no idea what I was ordering . It did n't dawn on me when it said pneumatic that I had to have an `` air supply '' ... plus it does n't have any grinding points . I just wanted something to etch my name on the metal prints of my artwork . So back it goes and I 'll look for something that 's simple enough for me to understand what it is and how to use it .
 I bought this first alert CO alarm for my home in Wisconsin.When I started to read the instructions I found that this product is not UL list ! How can a safety item like this not be UL listed.I did some research and found out first alert changed testing labs to save a few bucks and do not use the most well known UL . What 's up with that ... So I returned this CO and purchased the Kidde KN-COB-DP-H Plug-In Carbon Monoxide Alarm . The Kidde unit cost less too , so I saved a few dollars ! Always pays to READ THE FINE PRINT .
 Got hot and smelled like burning ozone after plugging in . A dissapointing product , never got any real use out of it . Do not recommend .
 I 've had my unit for about a year . It was plugged into a wall outlet . Today I noticed that the unit was on the floor and that the outlet was scorched . The unit itself was burned around the prongs . There have been no power surges/outages , etc. , so the only conclusion is that the unit itself is faulty . I 'm grateful that it did n't start a house fire .
 We bought this item twice . The first time , it was defective and would n't work -LRB- it made a dull sound all the time , and no additional sound at all when put in contact with water , as per the test described on the instructions sheet -RRB- , so we returned it to Amazon -LRB- thanks for your excellent returns policy ! -RRB- for an exchange . When the 2nd item proved just as defective , we got our money back . Do n't waste your money on this junk -- buy something more expensive and substantial .
 This over-priced pain in &#34; the sitting area &#34; has an always-on , glaring RED light . * Red lights are commonly used to warn of an immediate danger that requires attention NOW . * NO-I do n't have a carbon Monoxide problem . The red light also stayed on for a week when I plugged it in to an outside plug .
 This went off in the middle of the night after my husband and I had had it for several years . We had to look up online the directions because it did n't have a clear beep for a warning and for a battery replacement . It was ridiculous . I would not recommend it . I want one that clearly tells me when to vacate the house and call the fire department .
 It did not even occur to me that a plug-in CO detector would not have battery back-up , which is my fault for missing that . However , what the ?? I mean , they ALL should have batter back-up . This one has to go back .
 I would not recommend this product . When I plugged it in , it would not stop chirping . The directions said it might chirp `` a few times '' while powering up , but the thing chirped all day . Also , the 9 volt battery that came with the product did not fit into the battery compartment . The company that I bought it from told me to just throw it away , although I did receive a full refund .
 I just ordered this item for a rental unit and was informed by my property manager that this specific model does NOT comply with Colorado law , which requires plug-in units to have a battery back-up . If you are ordering in this to comply with new state regulations , make sure you are buying the right model . I 've asked Amazon to note it on the website , but thought I 'd just alert everyone in the mean time .5 / 2/2012 UpdateI have put a 1 star on this product purely to call attention to the fact that Colorado require battery backup plug-in carbon monoxide alarms , and all buyers should verify the requirement in their respective states . Recently , my claim has been put to question , so I feel compelled to respond.In the very first section of CO House Bill 09-1091 , -LRB- 1 -RRB- - -LRB- c -RRB- , it states clearly that if a carbon monoxide alarm is a device that if plugs into an electrical outlet -LRB- which is the case of this specific product -RRB- , must also have a battery backup -LRB- which this product does not offer -RRB- . See below : -LRB- 1 -RRB- `` CARBON MONOXIDE ALARM '' MEANS A DEVICE THAT DETECTS CARBON MONOXIDE AND THAT : -LRB- a -RRB- PRODUCES A DISTINCT , AUDIBLE ALARM ; -LRB- b -RRB- IS LISTED BY A NATIONALLY RECOGNIZED , INDEPENDENT PRODUCT-SAFETY TESTING AND CERTIFICATION LABORATORY TO CONFORM TO THE STANDARDS FOR CARBON MONOXIDE ALARMS ISSUED BY SUCH LABORATORY OR ANY SUCCESSOR STANDARDS ; -LRB- c -RRB- IS BATTERY POWERED , PLUGS INTO A DWELLING 'S ELECTRICAL OUTLET AND HAS A BATTERY BACKUP , IS WIRED INTO A DWELLING 'S ELECTRICAL SYSTEM AND HAS A BATTERY BACK-UP , OR IS CONNECTED TO AN ELECTRICAL SYSTEM VIA AN ELECTRICAL PANEL ; AND -LRB- d -RRB- MAY BE COMBINED WITH A SMOKE DETECTING DEVICE IF THE COMBINED DEVICE COMPLIES WITH APPLICABLE LAW REGARDING BOTH SMOKE DETECTING DEVICES AND CARBON MONOXIDE ALARMS AND THAT THE COMBINED UNIT PRODUCES AN ALARM , OR AN ALARM AND VOICE SIGNAL , IN A MANNER THAT CLEARLY DIFFERENTIATES BETWEEN THE TWO HAZARDS.From
 Got hot and smelled like burning ozone after plugging in . A dissapointing product , never got any real use out of it . Do not recommend .
 I purchased this item to replace a broken hose . It took the seller over 3 weeks to ship the item , even though the tracing website always showed a different and incorrect shipping date . Upon receipt the product looked nothing like the product on the website . The handle was completely different . In addition , the hose was BLACK and not white as the picture showed . I contacted the seller to replace the item with the proper hose . After several phone calls back and forth , the seller claimed he knew which hose we needed and would ship it that day . I called back 5 days later to find out that the item had n't even been shipped yet . We requested a refund and got our money back promptly , however it still left us without the hose we needed . So basically , over 5 weeks after ordering the item we still did not have a replacement . What made matters worse , is that we were stuck paying almost $ 40.00 in return charges , which were not covered by the seller . AVOID THIS SELLER !
 The set was shipped with a carrying case that was covered in an oil-like substance and either the oil or the case itself smelled horrendous . Also , the punches are very dull and not uniformly sharpened -LRB- or dulled , however you look at it -RRB- . I have difficulties cutting through even thin , soft silicone sheets . Sharpening them with a rotary tool helps , but I feel I should n't have to do that with a brand `` new '' product -LRB- which I am sure is actually repackaged -RRB- . I ca n't imagine using them for metal , let alone most rubbers . Despite the very affordable price , I would NOT have purchased this set for the above reasons .
 Received this in great time - I have no problem with the seller : - -RRB- BUT ! The inside of the case lists all types of materials this can cut including metals , which is what I got it for.One punch through soft 26ga copper sheet and the edges of the punch bent & in some areas , flaked off . The second disk I cut did it in completely . I had to file all of the edges and it probably would have been easier to cut the sheet with shears.So , not for metals.However , I can see it would be great for leather , paper & plastics.To me it was worth the money spent on the chance that it would actually cut metal disks .
 I purchases this set for simple craft projects ... mainly to cut card stock and cardboard . I tried hammering the punches with my 12 oz . hammer and it did n't go through the card stock . Got my husbands big beefy hammer ... it still will not punch through thin card stock . I am very disappointed in this product . Glad I did n't pay a lot ... complete waste of $
 Well I do n't usually write reviews but I feel the need with this product .1 rst . They were caked with mud ... what 's up with this ? 2nd . They are dullI guess they can be sharpened . . we 'll see
 I really dont want to give this product a bad rating as it is just a simple tool that does what its supposed to . But it has a serious safety flaw/problem !! : The kit came with no instructions , so I was figuring out how it worked , and as I was turning the screw on the side of the barrel , the sharp pointed 2 inch pin needle inside the barrel shot out like a projectile dart . It was spring loaded and the screw is what held it in.Luckily it wasnt aimed at myself or anyone , because it could have caused serious injury . After the pin shot out I was left feeling very disturbed that this tool could have taken out my eye out.So , I feel compelled to warn and advise others who might be buying this tool set .
 I was initially impressed with the company and the product . The company ended up to be local which was a plus . The product did n't last a year and I purchased two of them . Both failed inside of a year .
 About four weeks ago , I purchased at a Home Depot in Florida the Plasplugs `` Master Tiler '' , model number
 First the good things . It cuts through ceramic tile easily and I actually had good success using the 45 degree cutting feature , although , it 's a little sloppy.Now for the bad . I had problems similar to previous readers : The fence had to be modified to fit , it is very difficult to adjust , it is not accurate -LRB- you will need to use a tape measure -RRB- , and the fence stripped out after about 10 cuts so it could no longer clamp to the table.This made it effectively USELESS for accurate cutting , so my day of tiling was wasted . Oh , and tiles catch on rear blade gaurd.I am now going to try and return the saw .
 I can not recommend this tool . When I first used it , I could n't cut the tile . I then noticed the blade was spinning backwards ! When I turned the saw off , and then on again , the blade did n't spin at all . Finally , I realized that I had to `` spin '' the blade manually as I switched on the saw to get it to turn correctly . Not what I expected from a $ -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- tool . Once I finally got it working , I was still disappointed with the performance . Cutting was very slow , and not very accurate . ...
 I 'm giving this saw 1 star because there is no option for zero.The unit I bought constantly gave me shocks ... not continuously , but when I first touched the table . Some were mild , others were not . Checking from the metal table to ground with a meter , I read voltage spikes up to 58 volts . They were just spikes as the voltage quickly decreased to zero . My extension cord is new and functions correctly . My house outlets are properly grounded . I did not yet check the ground in the saw power cord.These spikes were uncomfortable , and caused me to flinch . I was increasingly uneasy about the flinching while feeding a tile into the blade , so I stopped using the saw and tried unsuccessfully to write an e-mail to Plasplugs -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- . Seems they rely on snail-mail and faxes . Guess I 'll have to call them . I just hate having to do that because the first thing I 'll hear is that it 's all my fault ... but I 'm not that dumb or careless.This saw also has the annoying characteristic of breaking off a small piece at the end of a diagonal cut ... not off of the scrap piece , mind you , but off of the good piece . I tried cutting on the other side of the blade to see if it made a difference which piece the corner broke off of . No joy . The corner broke off of the good piece every time , no matter what.It is my intention to return the saw . I do n't know if I 'll try another from the same manufacturer or look for a better one .
 You could do a lot better for the price of this tool . Comparing it to comprable models costing half as much ? I recommend spending for the cheaper models or springing for something better . The blade would n't align with the blade guard until I modified the table with a file . The tightening bolt that runs through the fence stripped in less than two weeks of light use . -LRB- Trust me , I 'm not THAT strong . -RRB- Spend less or spend more , just do n't bother to spend for this tool . One additional note
 By something else . This is the worst piece of machinery I have ever bought . Virtually impossible to cut any size tile on the diagonal . Typical imported junk !!!!!
 I have to agree with most of the reviews here . This saw is a peice of junk . I returned it almost immediatey . What a waste of time ! I should have read the reviews here first !
 This is a very good concept , but poorly executed . On my particular saw , the tilt section of the table did n't fit flush , so it made the right side of the table useless . Once raised to the 45 degree position , the tilt section was wobbly , as one of the flimsy plastic props did not even touch its rest . The blade ran neither true nor parallel to the fence . The blade retaining nut had to be tightened about every 10 cuts . The blade actually flew off the shaft a couple of times . The tile caught on the plastic end caps of the fence , which stick out . I could easily stall the motor with ordinary 1/4 inch ceramic tile . Ca n't remember all the other thigs wrong with it , I was in too much of a hurry to return it .
 The first tile I cut ... I knew I had purchased the wrong saw . Maybe to use the rip fence it would work ok , but to cut tile freehand , it was useless . The blade comes up through the table , like a table saw , with the blade spinning through 1 inch of water in the bottom of the tank . The blade picks up the water and sprays it all over the inside of the clear guard over the blade . This makes it impossible to see any lines marked on the tile . It is impossible to make an accurate cut if you ca n't see your cut lines . Using the saw without the guard is not an option , unless you are working outside , and do n't mind getting drenched . Bad design . I 'm returning it and spending the extra money to get something good .
 Bought at Home Depot for $ 199 . It is a toy , not suitable for serious work . Flimsy contruction , difficult or impossible to adjust . Recommend getting a brand name .
 My main complaint is the fence , getting both sides square to the blade and locked down will take you about five minute 's and even then do n't put to much pressure on the fence as it will ether bow or one side will move . An MK is much faster put the tile on the carriage push the tile to the blade make sure the kurf is going to be on the correct side of your mark slide the carriage back set the fence -LRB- if you 'd like -RRB- turn the saw on and cut . I renovate older home and many times the walls are out of square so your cut tiles are going to be getting bigger or smaller as you go God help you if you get into this position with the Plasplugs tile saw ...
 The rail keeps popping up , so the plastic endcaps are no longer flush with the table . I had to file them down so the tile wo n't get caught . The tilting table will move apart at the hinge when I start pushing the tile through the blade , it is just useless . Straight cuts seemed to work OK . This may be suitable for small around the house jobs . I think the design is from England . Bad British engineering !!
 This has been the worst experience of a major renovation ; The tub was dropped off outside our condo by the freight company ; they wanted $ 80.00 more to bring it upstairs ; which we were not advised prior . The drain needed 18 ' on centre ; which was hard to find a plumber to do the job ; finally after having the holidays with no bathroom the plumber arrived today to install ; and guess what the tub is cracked . It was packaged in Kohler packaging , and now I am being asked if I inspected it ; of course not ; I am not a plumber so I did n't lift the tub out of the packaging and inspect it . the plumber looked at the tub last week to ensure he could install it this week -- he did not see anything wrong with it , but when he took the plastic seal -LRB- plastic off -RRB- he saw a 5 ' inch crack . so no tub and a defective or broken tub.I called Amazon and was told that a claim needed to be made through the freight company and could take 90 days ; do yourself a favor ; buy from a reputable local company that way you have a leg to stand on and wo n't have the heartache we now have ; guests coming and still no bathroom for them . What a big disappointment ; I have bought from amazon in the past ; but now I will choose other suppliers . Thank you
 We ordered this plaque as a house warming gift . We were under the impression based on the photo , that the plaque would be able to be hung on the house . When we received the item , not only was the number of the house not in the center , like pictured , but it came with 2 steaks to be inserted into the ground , with no way to hang it on a house . I understand it says `` lawn '' in the title , but it is clearly pictured hanging on stone . I contacted Shopzeus stating that the number was not in the center and it could n't hang on a house . They sent a new one , with the number in the center , but still unable to be hung on the house ! I contacted Shopzeus again and asked for either a full refund or a plaque that can be hung on the house . It has been over 2 weeks and they have not answered my email . This item is very misleading and should not be pictured as it is , if it can only be used in the lawn . I am extremely dissatisfied with this product and would never buy from Shopzeus again .
 RPM sensor was defective . The lift motor would not stop running with the new circuit board installed.I removed the new circuit board and replaced it with the old one and everything seems to be OK now.The part is so inexpensive it 's not worth returning .
 We have 3 of these Lux systems in our sprawling house . All 3 have in a few short years had the LCD screens become unusable at night with the incorporated light . The programming part works well enough , The LCD is ok in a well-lit area , but we need to use a flashlight every time we want to adjust them . Not surprisingly , we adjust them less often . It is very frustrating and seriously compromises and otherwise good product .
 I had an unusual time trying to get this product . Recieved wrong item . Never did get what I wanted .
 the kit doesnt even fit the heater outlet vent on the 75K btu model . half the parts you wont need , just go to a hardware store & buy the ones you need for half the price .
 We bought a house with this faucet in the kitchen . Although it 's nice looking , it seems to have a bad design flaw . The handle is made of heavy metal , and the weight of the handle slowly shuts the water flow off when hot water is running through the valve , which Pfister calls the `` cartridge '' . Price Pfister appears to know about the problem , they call it `` handle droop '' . They claim the cartridge or the cartridge retaining nut are to blame . The previous owner replaced them six months ago , so it seems we 'll be making this replacement every six months or so , until we give up and get a new faucet . -LRB- That will probably coincide with the point in time when the warranty expires and Pfister stops sending replacements . -RRB- I verified that the handle exacerbates the problem by operating the cartridge without the handle . The flow stays constant . Pfister does n't make a lightweight handle , which would probably solve the problem.I would n't recommend this product to anyone for any application , I consider the current design to be fatally flawed for fairly obvious mechanical reasons . There are similar products on the market without this flaw .
 You look thru a pin-hole to get the sighting , but you ca n't see thru the pinhole if you wear glasses . If you take your glasses off then you can see thru , but if you 're near-sighted like me then you wo n't be able to see very far in the distance to tell what you 're sighting .
 dear sir , i tried to contact you many times , regarding this itemwhen i opened the box the faucet handle was broke and i can send you pictures if neededregardshaj hasanmohamad.hajhasan@gmail.com
 Speed square that is pictured has black outline on all lettering . What I recieved has no outlining on lettering . Very hard to read . Very disappointed in product .
 Terribly misleading picture . The Black writing on yellow plastic is exactly what I was looking for , and it is exactly the way most Swanson tools are made . NOT THIS ONE . This is all yellow without a hint of a shadow for contrast . You can still use it for square cuts and such , but do n't count on reading the numbers . Get the metal version that is all grey - they are easier to read even with their lack of contrast.I plan to keep the one I ordered and spray paint it black and then quickly wipe the paint off of the flat surfaces in the hopes of getting something like what is pictured . Shame on Amazon for using this picture .
 This tool does not fit into my American made nail bags.The plastic seems really strong but i will never know cause i cant carry it .
 The accuracy of the rule and ruggedness of construction seem satisfactory . Unfortunately the lock mechanism does n't work well , the rule moves when pushed even when the rule is locked tightly . I can not tighten the lock enough to keep the rule from moving when it is forcefully pressured .
 Plug has a tiny hole that is too restrictive to allow enough air volume through to do an adequate job . Hole may be small to attempt `` reduce '' pressure but that is not a satisfactory way to reduce pressure anyway . Need to reduce pressure on compressor regulator to avoid blowing out lines in RV Make you own adapter using a piece of garden hose , and the appropriate adapters to do a satisfactory job of removing all water from you RV lines for winter storage .
 This thing is ok . But realize , you must hold it onto your blow out port to make it work . Therefore you need 2 people to blow out your pipes . When you are blowing out an rv , constant air pressure is the key . So , saying that , i ripped off the needle and attached an air chuck fitting to it . Now I just screw this on , attach my air hose and pop on the compressor and I no longer need to hold it in place .
 You may think you are buying Vermont American quality , but what you will receive is the brand `` Do It Best '' crap FROM CHINA . Junk do n't buy .
 I Bought this saw about a year ago and thought it was wonderful . Everything on it worked great . A couple of months later the handle to tighten the miter adjustment stripped out . I ordered replacement parts from Makita and received them in a very timely fasion . Shortly after that it stripped again so I made my own replacement parts that work much better . Unfortunately other cheap plastic parts on it are starting to fail and fall apart . I am a big believer in Makita tools and own many for my contracting business , but I strongly suggest buying a different saw . The best part on the saw is the folding stand which I now use to hold my old De Walt rack and pinion table saw .
 Took hours to remove old finish from oak table and now the piece looks cloudy and dull . I am very disappointed and will need to use something to bring the table to life again !
 I thought this was a PRIME purchase too slow and cost too high ... . this was just a waste of my time and money , now I will have to drive to town and get these items so I can get the project done in time !
 I bought the Furniture refinisher and had 5 of my friends come over to help me refinish my cabinets . I bought everything that was recommended to use , the steel wool pads and the chemical gloves . This product ate through all the gloves we used , it disolved one of my friends acrylic fingernails , it felt like it was ice-burning our skin , made us all light-headed in a ventilated room and it barely did any improvements to my cabinets . I am concerned about us all absorbing this into our skin and any effect that may cause . I am returning all of the cans and I am VERY disappointed in this product .
 For a 1/2 '' slip-mount installation , this diverter spout is not worth the trouble.You must unscrew the diverter 's plastic nipple , remove a plastic adapter , slide it on the copper pipe , screw the plastic nipple back on , tighten the screw so as to punch a hole in the plastic , slide the plastic nipple back toward the wall , tighten the screw , and then screw the spout on after applying thread tape . That seems straightforward , but in practice it 's very difficult.The problem is that the plastic nipple is too small to fit 1/2 '' copper pipes longer than about 1 '' from the wall . The instructions say that the pipe can be up to 2-3/4 '' long , but actually this is wrong . At first I struggled with trying to install it , then broke the plastic when I could not force it to go all the way in.I elected instead to go withMoen 3808BN Kingsley Slip Fit Tub Diverter Spout , Brushed Nickel , which simply slips in and then tightens with a screw , with almost no effort .
 These chisels are not sharp out of the box . My skew chisel was chipped and I see from other reviews there have been more than one chipped . As another review said , I can not sharpen the carbide tips , so I have a new set of chisels that are not as useful as my old ones that I can sharpen . Do n't waste your money on these chisels .
 These may have been fine except that there was a large chip in the skew chisel . And besides nothing beats quality made tools these are not . they are for those whom lack the time or the know how to sharpen their chisels . Do it right the first time so that you dont have to do it a second .
 I have the spindle gouge which was not sharp -LRB- compared to a freshly sharpened HSS tool -RRB- out of the box . And the problem is that you ca n't sharpen the tool with the wheel intended for HSS steel . Without investing is a new grinding wheel for sharpening this tool which costs more than the tool and I don ; t plan to buy this tool is useless which is a real shame .
 The skew in this set is very good - holds an edge for a while and is easy to sharpen . If I were rating these tools individually , I would rate the skew as a 5 out of 5 as for my small turnings it is the right size , cuts super-smooth , and I haev minimal sanding to do after using it . Maybe I am biased as the skew is my favorite tool for turning.The gouge leaves a lot to be desired as it wo n't hold an edge for very long - and this next part is strange considering my comments on the skew - appears to be made of a cheaper grade / quality of steel . I 've quit using it.Concerning the parting tool - since I use this set primarily for pens , I do n't have much use if any of it and ca n't comment.If you 're starting out as a turner , this might be a good introductory set in order to see if turning is for you before making a larger , more costly investment . However , if you are an experienced turner , i would highly recommend passing on this and investing in a hgher quality set . In the end , you will eb dollars ahead .
 dear sir , i tried to contact you many times , regarding this itemwhen i opened the box the faucet handle was broke and i can send you pictures if neededregardshaj hasanmohamad.hajhasan@gmail.com
 The dimensions of the miter slot are not provided for this item . Probably because it is undersize . The dimension is 1/4 '' deep x 3/4 '' wide . This means that any standard miter gauge or sliding shaper jig , will ride high and rock side to side with no table support . The miter gauge supplied is all plastic and is a grand total of 3 '' long.It is also difficult to adjust the extension table sections low enough so that they do not interfere with the sliding miter gauge or shaper jig.The only plus on this set-up is a large , easy to access on/off switch.I do n't understand why anyone would manufacture an item with so many shortcomings , when it would be just as easy to make the thing right in the first place.The best use for this product would be to mount a non-functioning router , and give the set to a child to play ` Carpenter ' with.PS
 I have ordered this item 3 times , while the shape makes cutting easier than normal end cutters such as channel lock the quality of the metal blade is not good . The item listing claims to be for heavy use and all3 I ordered chipped within a couple days of use making the tool useless .
 Bought this seat at Home Depot about 6 months ago . Love the style but unfortunately the seat became chipped . Tried to `` paint '' the chips , but to no avail . It looked horrible . After purchasing a few wood toilet seats by Bemis and having them each chip easily -- I 'll now try a plastic seat .
 We purchased this from HD , lasted about 4 weeks . Bemis wo n't replace - told us to buy a new one ! Terrible customer service ! DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !!!!
 This product is a 6inch caliper , they post 9 1/8 of the overall size of the piece , they have to specify what coustumers need to know .
 This is a 1/4 by 1 inch bit . It is not a 1/4 by 2-7/8 inch bit .
 This tool attracted me at first because of the concave shape of the jaws . My current cable cutter is a basic straight edge cutter , and it does the job well , but sometimes the cables slip out of the jaw since the blades are straight . So , with this curved jaw , I was pretty excited -LRB- as one can be for a hand tool -RRB- . My tool arrived today and I decided to test the cable cutter out on a piece of shielded 1/8 '' stranded wire . First attempt , EPIC FAIL !!! It cut through the plastic sheath and only one piece of the wire strand was actually cut through , the rest , just bent at the point of contact.What 's worse ? The blade on the bottom jaw got chipped . Very disappointed in this tool , when my generic wire/cable cutter can do the job at half the price . Tool looks well designed and strong , but the blade edge is way too thin and fragile . This tool is being sent back to Amazon ...
 you have to use two hands , because the jaws do not open far enough to get the wire in it .
 These cable cutters are just about worthless . I purchased them to trim bicycle cable shielding and cables . They barely do either of these , when trying to cut shielding it simply folds the cable in half and then jams . I have tried different holding positions and placement of the shielding in the cutter , with simply no different results . They will cut the cables themselves if you get the placement perfect . They have chipped already and will probably only be used in situations where I do n't care about having a clean cut .
 Ordered this product expecting to receive what was shown on the picture but got something different . The picture showed 8.5 '' cable cutters , I received 8 '' cable cutters with alot less cutting ability . Very disappointing !
 I purchased this for some rimless glasses that have 2.2 mm hexnuts . The driver in the tool is NOT for hex nuts - only star nuts . Do not buy if you have 2.2 mm hexnuts - it wo n't work .
 I should have read the reviews ; especially the one from Gary E. Landrum `` 3rd Camaro '' . There is no hex driver . The nut driver tip is not reversible as it would appear to be from the description and the picture . This is my first one star on anything but the tool is useless to me -LRB- I needed the 2.2 mm hex nut driver -RRB- and it is being misrepresented .
 I purchased this toolkit from Amazon along with a very high quality Wiha nut driver set -LRB- 26592 -RRB- . As others have stated , the nut driver is not reversible . It looks to me like the single nut driver is designed to fit both a 2.2 hex nut and a 2.2 - 2.5 star hex nut.However , the Phillips screwdriver is a size 0 , and the Costco reading glasses I have that have screws takes a # 1 Phillips head screwdriver . The one in this kit is too small.In addition , the Costco reading glasses that I have which have a nut -LRB- Design Optics Slim Elite -RRB- , use a 3.0 mm nut.Don ' t purchase this for Costco reading glasses.I gave the product a single star because of the misleading description which implies two nut drivers . The single , combo nut driver looks very roughly made compared to the Wiha tools .
 The image shown is EXACTLY what you 'll get ; it is n't misrepresented on Amazon . The package is mis-leading . It clearly shows a 2.2 mm Hex-nut . It does not work on any glasses that have a hex-nut . In fact , I was about read to toss it out , when I went and took a dental-pick and pick some plastic or parafin out of the tip of it -- when I finally got it to work on my CostCo glasses that use a `` star '' driver . It contains a tiny phillips head , tiny flat-head , and the `` star '' driver . No hex-nut . I 'm going to have to order something else . Is n't worth my time and frustration to send it back .
 It must be me ! This is the second purchase of mine to find something to tighten the hex nut on my reading glasses . The nutdriver is too big for the nut . -LRB- The same was true for the other key chain product I bought -RRB- I currently use a tweezers to tighten them , which does scratch the glass by the base of the nut . I wo n't try a third time ... I 'll use the tweezers .
 Worked ok on the piping i pre-assembled before getting under the house - slow but it workedThe heads like to slide and move around , which may be why heating is so uneven.Noticed that it took 60 - 120 seconds before the pipe would be hot enough.Several times it failed to heat the pipe enough to melt the solder once under the house.Waited 4 minutes before my arm fell asleep . The unit was noticeably cooler than it had been earlier in the day.Ended up with the torch by the end of the day.Great concept but can not recommend this unit . Cost was about $ 10 per solder joint .
 I ordered this as a Christmas gift for someone who just got a piano this year . It was described as being very nice , but when it actually arrived , it was cheap and tacky.It did n't come in any kind of a box , just shoved into some styrofoam , which makes it look cheesy to the recipient . The gold color is actually yellowish-green , totally cheap-looking , like a kid 's toy . Then the power cord is orange . It did n't come with a bulb of any kind , either , so I would have had to buy that prior to giving it as a gift , too.I was disappointed when I saw the bad packaging , and once I actually opened it up , I seriously contemplated not even giving it to her because it was so very tacky . I 'd about talked myself into it , though , because this was not cheap , when I realized that it did n't even come with a bulb -- that was the icing on the cake for me . I could n't give this cheesy piece of tat to her . I tossed it and got her something else . And I would not use this vendor again , as the description had nothing to do whatsoever with the product .
 Never received product , if price was wrong or something . Sent emails nobody emailed me other wise . Just lost my money , will not purchase through Amazon stores again .
 I ordered the impact wrench pictured , I received an allen wrench that was worth about $ 1 . Company refused to send me the impact wrench , but they did refund my money quickly . Good luck
 The concept is good and the product seemed to perform as advertised , although the night light function alone seems a little bright ; that 's not the problem however . I received four of these units within the last two weeks and -LRB- 2 -RRB- have completely failed ! I 'm waiting for the supplier -LRB- Nottingham55 -RRB- and the manufacture -LRB- Datexx -RRB- to respond with a resolution ; a 50 % failure rate is unacceptable!UPDATE
 I purchased two of these little lights several months ago . The concept and operation was terrific , but within a week one of the LEDs on one of them went out and then the whole unit started flickering badly . I e-mailed Datexx about a replacement and they have ignored me.I do n't recommend this product . Datexx chosing a lousy Chinese manufacturer is a mistake anyone could make , but ignoring a customer with a problem is unforgivable .
 It would be nice if they specified in the description of the product that it will not fit a number of different styles of bikes . I have a carbon frame bike that it wo n't even come close to fitting because of the size of the downtube . It also will not fit an aluminum frame bike my daughter has for the very same reason . Because of the cost to return , I kept it and gave it away to someone with a standard butted steel frame . I am disappointed that it did n't work for me and I wasted my money . Again , the limitations of this stand should be included in its description .
 I have 2 very modern bikes . The frames have oversized downtubes . One frame is aluminum , the other high-end carbon . The bend on this stand -LRB- where it hooks around the downtube -RRB- does not fit either frame . Would recommend this to someone who rides steel frame bicycles . It is ideal for those that have smaller diameter tubes.For the modern bikes , this product is USELESS .
 I just received this stand and went to try it on my Trek 4500 and did not fit , not only did it not fit , but put some scratched on my bike :o-LRB- . So now I 'm stuck with this stand that will most likely not do anything for me . It 's not worth returning it . I paid $ 8.49 for the stand and the same for shipping . $ 16.98 total . It will cost me about $ 5 to ship it back so I will only get $ 3 back after it 's all said and done which to me is not worth it.If you plan on using this on a Trek Mountain bike look elsewhere , it will not fit and will scratch it . : o -LRB-
 These Sunlite/Pyramid BB stands have a notorious habit of shifting under the bicycle it is suspending , rendering the bike ever so slightly angled to one side or another - but just enough that a misguided poke will send the whole mess flying to the floor.I once exhibited a series of vintage and modern lightweight road bicycles at a show wherein these stands were provided by the event organizers . I had the foresight to bring chainstay/seatstay hook stands -LRB- even then , not the best - crank mount stands are my preference -RRB- for my personal bikes , which served their purpose as intended during the event . On the other hand , we nearly lost a Cinelli MASH to one of these BB-shell stands , and had a few close calls with the other bikes as well.I might use one of these in an emergency , but I would not rely on it . Neither would I expect the vinyl-coated hook to refrain from damaging a thin , 1970 's - era paint job - or a current-era clearcoat , for that matter .
 Took toooolong to get and then the flashlight was still a dud ! Too bad as when ti worked it was nice !
 I have been buying these before -LRB- from Microcenter -RRB- . They are very cheap and I thought it was a very good deal . Particularly their 2600mAh for 5 bucks ! But ... Cons : - Of all the NiMh batteries I tried . This has the most number of failures . Some just dies . Some would hold very low charges after just a few cycles.-It is bigger in circumference compared to other batteries . Which will not fit some of my cameras and gadgets.-Exterior is made of paper and gets easily smashed , deformed.Pros : - Price . but for this kind of quality ... not worth it.Also
 JUNK , JUNK , JUNK . As another reported , AA batteries are too big and do NOT FIT into many devices correctly . 3rd or 4th time I used the charger it significantly overheated and I believe would have caused a fire . I threw the whole mess in the garbage where it belongs . DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK OR ASSOCIATED CHARGIN DEVICES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Pros
 List price over $ 500 , $ 300 here . That would sound good -- except this exact ladder -LRB- Type 1 , 22 foot , model 10303 -RRB- is only $ 259 at the Little Giant website with free shipping , $ 249 from Home Depot again with free shipping . So the ` free work platform ' is actually costing $ 40 - $ 50 dollars ... which is not exactly a bargain.I did eventually get one of these ladders and as long as you do n't mind the weight -LRB- too much for my wife -RRB- they are amazingly convenient .
 Review says the 303 is rated to 300 pounds . Not true - it 's only rated to 250 pounds .
 My wife started painting our family room after I ordered my ladder , confident that it would arrive in about 3 weeks , just in time to reach the high parts of the wall by the stairs . The other 3 walls were finished but still no ladder . After about a month I went back to check my order to make sure I had n't accidentally checked ` Wells Fargo Wagon ' as the delivery method . Nope , it said ` UPS ' as I had remembered . The ladder was finally shipped more than 7 weeks after it was ordered and arrived quickly . Now we can finish the job.This ladder is everything you would want 1 -RRB- Made in the USA -LRB- similar ladders by Cosco , Werner and Gorilla Ladder are made in China -RRB- 2 -RRB- Flexible -LRB- any configuration from step ladder to extension ladder -RRB- 3 -RRB- Stong -LRB- it feels safe even when fully extended -RRB- .
 So , I am satisfied this is a good product based on the reviews here . However , I am not seeing any additional sensors . At first I was thinking it came with six sensors based on the name of the product . I suppose this is not so . You get only one sensor . Finally found additional sensors on another web site at $ 60 each . So , do the math . To fully utilize this device I need to spend another $ 300 for sensors . That makes a total price of $ 437 . Guess I will keep looking !
 I spent almost $ 400 including extra motion sensors . Was very excited to get it , but as soon as I put a battery in one of the sensors -LRB- never even plugged the base in -RRB- , my house alarm went to trouble . I tried for over a year to get it resolved , but was continually told to try something else -LRB- move this , turn on before you reach the house , etc. . . -RRB- I called my house alarm guy and he said the frequency should not be the same , but they conflict for sure . I ca n't say if this works at all , since I do n't have another house to try it out on . Super disappointed . I will say , that when I called , I always got a very nice man who seemed like he was trying to help but never offered a refund or a solution that would work . I bought a cheap unit that did n't work well , then spent a good amount on this and it still did n't work well .
 I am sorry that I ever bought this thing , it is the most annoying `` toy '' I have ever bought . No matter where I put it or how I adjust it , it goes off all night long . This would be a great gadget in theory if we lived in an animal free -LRB- No squirrels -RRB- and bug free -LRB- no flying beetles , moths & etc. -RRB- world but seeing how that is not the case , it 's really not good for anyone . Even the shadows of people and cars set this thing off . I thank god that I did n't buy two alert systems as I originally planned .
 Do not buy if using for standard , 3-pronged , U.S. home outlets . It has an additional prong on the side that made it not compatible with my room AC .
 We have one of these at our shop , and nobody ever refills it . Why ? It requires a fairly complex set of steps compared to everytihng else on the market . You must first unlatch the locking mechanism , fold the arm out of the way -LRB- not intuitive at all -RRB- . Tried to find instructions for this online , so I could print them out to clear it up , but I ca n't find anything . Terrible holder , I 'd rather have a homemade piece of wood .
 In theory this looks so easy to use . I bought it with very high expectations . I have tried to use it twice now and it certainly does not work as described in the instructions . The water turns blue within a couple of minutes and all the granules in the sprayer disappear within the first 5 mins . The instructions say that if the container only has blue water without granules that means you need a refill of the fertilizer . I would stay away from this . It was a waste of money for me .
 The product did n't mix well in the reservoir , so I shook it up , and kept spraying . I knew it was n't applying evenly , but that was okay . Miracle-Gro does n't burn my plants if I get a little too much on one or the other . But then the sprayer started leaking on the second use . I made sure I had the thing closed correctly and on right , but it leaked . And then the plastic switch on top where you switch from just water to water and fertilizer mix , completely quit working . I was n't mis-using it or switching it back and forth a lot , just watered some after the fertilizer was gone , so the whole garden would be watered . Small garden . I was very disappointed , since I 'd stocked up on Miracle-Gro for plants , tomatoes , etc. . I love how easily it mixes and that it does n't burn plants , but I 'm afraid to try another sprayer.Does anyone know if I can just buy another sprayer/applicator and use it with Miracle-Gro ? Thanks !
 17-step Guide for Operating the Miracle-Gro Lawn and Garden Feeder :1 . unscrew bottom and remove plastic -LRB- you might go ahead and fill with water now -RRB- 2 . screw bottom back on - tightly , so it will be hard to remove later3 . hook up to hose - tightly , so it will be hard to remove later4 . turn on the water5 . choose setting -LRB- jet/flat/spray -RRB- and enjoy playing with them7 . wait , wait , wait for it to fill8 . wait , wait , wait for the blue stream that never appears9 . try shaking , tipping , and choosing different settings - and get wet when you tip it10 . cheer because you got blue ... for .5 of a second ... twice11 . wonder if you 've over-watered your plants waiting for blue11 . notice that deep blue is leaking from the bottom of the canister onto your shoe12 . turn off water13 . unhook from garden hose14 . Go inside . Dry your face from the spray that got ` ya when you unhooked it .15 . try to lock feeder so you can return it to the store without it spilling in the car15 . Give up on lock that does n't work . Place feeder in the trash .16 . Go inside and change out of your wet clothes .17 . Resolve to buy pellets next time , and make yourself a sandwich.Added 5/2012
 After about 5 uses the valve sticks open when I release the trigger and will not shut off . What a piece of junk .
 Good idea but poorly made . I followed instructions and hooked the feeder to my garden hose using city water . All was good till I let go of the trigger , then water leaked badly from the handle and trigger area . It became useless at that point . Will need to take back for a refund . Why should any product fail on the first use ... . it should n't . Stick with the liquid feeder it seems to work better .
 The connection between the hose and the sprayer seems to be missing a part or something . There 's no washer and there is an obvious path for water to escape . It leaks like crazy . Only recommended if it is hot outside and you want to get sprayed while fertilizing your plants .
 This review applies to ALL Miracle-Gro brand fertilizer-feeders , includingMiracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden FeederMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed Starter KitMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed All Purpose Plant Feeding SystemandMiracle-Gro 100511 LiquaFeed Advance Starter KitI totally agree with ALL of you who have posted on the `` rip-off '' index of these products . My `` other half '' bought these one of each type at local home improvement warehouse on two different occasions thinking how easy it would be to use . She did not realize how EXPENSIVE it would be for the LiquaFeed Kits , it just looked EASY . Not only are the refill cartridges costly , the things LEAK , do n't dispense evenly and is basically garbage ! -LRB- Maybe she has learned on 2nd time around , then again ... -RRB- Miracle-Gro bulk granular water soluble fertilizers of various types are great ! I have never burned any plants with them -LRB- see note below -RRB- and have healthy excellent looking flowers , plants and few veggies . But Miracle-Gro equipment is JUNK , including this item and Miracle Gro Lawn & Garden Feeder Miracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden Feeder . They are made of BRITTLE plastic , as I stated LEAK , do not mix & dispense fertilizer well , and break easily.AVOID these products . -LRB- NOTE
 This contraption does not mix the miracle gro evenly . Why they put their name on something like this is beyond me
 This has to be the biggest waste of money for the dumbest concept of a plant feeder . My main complaint is that the thing does n't even have an intake tube/straw to pull fertilizer into the feeder nozzle . The tank also does not fill completely . This means that you have to turn it upside down or sideways to get any fertilizer out . Next , the sprayers are horrible . My previous sprayer had a vertical fan making it easier to sweep inclined plants from left to right . It 's not a big deal , because I have to keep this thing sideways to use it anyway -LRB- which means I can use the horizontal fan -RRB- haha . I also got better range on my previous sprayer . That could be partly because of the poorly designed nozzles on this sprayer , or the fact that the cheap plastic parts sometimes leak , relieving what little pressure I apply to it . I guess it 's back to the old sprayer ...
 This product is new and replaced one that also leaked , but the old one only dripped and I managed to hot glue spots where it dripped.This one LEAKS in several places.It is unusable.I emailed Scotts and they defended the product and said they had very few complaints.I suggested they read these reviews.I guess they want us to buy the premixed products which apparently have a much higher profit margin.Anyone find something to replace this product ?
 I did n't buy this from Amazon . I bought it locally . Having used it , I thought I 'd check in on Amazon just to see if anyone else had the same problems . Good grief ! I wish I had read the Amazon reviews first ! If the growth of the plants has anything to do with the randomness of the blue spray , every other plant will be gigantic and the others will starve . I even did the upside-down , shake , off-and-on routine that others did -LRB- funny we all tried the same things -RRB- , but nothing helped.I do love the product Miracle Grow , but I do n't understand how they could get the sprayer so wrong.I also got spray all over myself . I wonder if I 'll get taller . Or maybe just one side of me will get taller.Anyway , I 'll be looking for a good sprayer as I have a great big box of Miracle Grow to use up .
 I had the previous incarnation of the Miracle Gro sprayer -LRB- do n't know the number - it is already gone to recycling heaven -RRB- - the one that allowed me to attach a long handled , adjustable spray nozzle to it to reach into vegetable beds and overhead hanging flower baskets . It worked well , but being cheap plastic it only lasted about 2 years , then broke at junction of the hose connector/jar , which made it leak badly if I did n't keep pressure on the hose end . It made spraying a two handed operation.I bought this new version thinking it would be nice having a spray setting already attached . But this 100410 sprayer is a piece of junk . There is no attachment for an extension sprayer and , after less than a year of use , the spray end will not shut off if there is water pressure , so it runs constantly , just more volume when the trigger is pressed.I am on here looking for a sprayer that will work . I love Miracle Gro but I will not waste money on any more of their sprayers . There have been two mentioned here , the Gilmore and an Ortho sprayer . I looked at the -LSB- -LSB- ASIN
 The miracle gro product is great , especially in an arid area with little rain to activate a granule product , but the new feeder design is pathetic . When I FINALLY got it working properly , it dribbled constantly during and in between use . I checked all washers and retightened everything to no avail . The trigger has to be contantly depressed during use , and you have to squeeze AS HARD AS YOU CAN , regardless of the water pressure . It was exhausting . Do they bother to beta test these things ? The old one dribbled a little if it tipped over , but otherwise was fine . It also had one switch and stayed on without having to constantly apply pressure . I 'd still be using it if the container had n't blown away in a wind storm .
 I much prefer the Miracle Gro ` pellets ' as this contraption is too hard to handle while dragging a hose to all parts of the garden .
 At least with the old type you could hook a water hose to the outlet side and attach a sprinkler to it and not have to drag a hose up and down your garden roes knocking plants
 I have used the old Model # 100409 garden feeder and was pleased . I used the old feeder with it 's hose to hose connection . This way I could water my lawn when it was hot and dry . I can not stand for two hours watering my large back yard with an end hose feeder .
 I like Miracle-Gro , but I 've had to buy three sprayers in the last 3 or 4 months . Just a few minutes ago -LRB- It is about 3am -RRB- I woke up to hear water running and sure enough the sprayer trigger was jammed and water was leaking out of the device . The handle appears to be the weak point in these devices . It begins to fail after very limited use . This event , early this morning , was a bit of a surprise since the device was working fine yesterday afternoon - so I figure when the temperature dropped -LRB- although it is warm outside for this time of the night -RRB- something happened to the internals OR they simply ` gave out ' and allowed water to come pouring out of the device.I guess I might have to start using the liquid sprayer version , perhaps they have improved the quality of the trigger sprayer.After having bought 3 of these already in the past 3 or 4 months , I guess it is a general defect and not isolated to a single ` lemon ' . I ca n't recommend buying this sprayer which is too bad , because it means I 'm either going to have to go to the liquid feed sprayer or go back to hand mixing into a large water bucket and head out around the garden .
 Length :
 Good idea , poorly engineered . By watching the color of the discharge it is apparent the delivery of dissolved fertilizer is very inconsistent . It fluctuates from clear to blue randomly . Tilt it down and you sometimes get a short burst of dark blue . I had little confidence that individual plants and shrubs were getting proper feeding . It 's also difficult to know just when to reload . My impression was that the solution became progressively dilute well before all the particles were dissolved . Frequent shaking is necessary . For the money I guess one ca n't expect much but this product frustrated me so I 'm taking it back just to send a message to the company .
 After several hours of trying including drilling the feed water hole to the bowl I was unable to maintain a blue colored stream of water . I tried to shake the bowl , turn it upside down and every other position and method I could think of to maintain a continuous stream of blue . Nothing worked . I threw my Miracle-Gro Garden Feeder away and this product should be pulled from the market by Scott 's . The engineering department of Scott 's must be located a long long way from the consumer and the internal testing of this product as it does not work as manufactured . Do not buy this product as it will not work for you .
 OK , folks , the Miracle-Gro Lawn feeder does n't work . Miracle-Gro makes GREAT plant foods -- but they just ca n't make feeders that work worth a darn . So , this is what you have to do . Step one . . do n't buy it . Step two . . buy an ORTHO Dial 'N Spray Multi-Use Hose-End Sprayer . I 've got two of 'em . One for weed killer , and one for Miracle Gro stuff . Pour your Miracle Gro lawn food -LRB- one packet -RRB- into the Ortho Dial Sprayer . Fill it with water . Stir with a spoon -LRB- one that you will use permanently with this sprayer -RRB- Put the lid -LRB- top -RRB- back on . Set the dial to 2 and 1/2 , then hook it up to your hose and blast away.When the blue water in your container is all gone , you 're done . No guessing ; no turning upside down ; no wondering ... period . YOU MUST CLEAN IT OUT WHEN YOU 'RE DONE OR IT WILL BE HISTORY AFTER ONE USE . It takes two minutes . And that 's how it 's done , folks . It really works -- good !!! Now , JUST GO OUT THERE AND DO IT !!!!
 I just got done using this thing and it did n't even work as expected . It takes FOREVER for it to fill with water . Then it seemed to never spray out the lawn fertilizer . I had to basically tilt the ting upside down and on its side for the water to even turn blue . NEVER AGAIN . Scotts - Please revamp this for next season . This thing is JUNK !
 A terrible product . The most annoying feature is that unless you keep the rig totally level , the jar leaks blue liquid all over everything -LRB- yes , I tightened the crap out of the lid , to no avail -RRB- . I 'd work around this if the thing actually worked . Two problems
 This is a great idea . Too bad it 's a peice of junk . I did n't like how inexact the feeding was since you never knew how much was left in there , especially after storing it for a while . I could have lived with that , though . What I could n't live with was the fact that after three uses , water exploded from every available orifice . Junk .
 on my old one could take front nozzle off and plug inbetwen hose 's and feed entire garden.not on this piece of crap.and will not melt powder evenly.they screwed up a good thing
 Great concept but poorly designed.Like some of the other reviews I could n'tget a steady blue stream.So I took it back and exchenged it for anotherone . Same problem.It just does n't work.JM
 I am an old lady who does n't throw anything away , thinking I might need it some day . Over the years , I 've purchased three of Stern 's sprayers , with high hopes that the newest one will finally work . Forget it . I 'm finally dumping my hope and throwing them out . It 's hard to believe that a functional one has n't been designed .
 I 'd give this zero stars if possible . First , it leaks like a sieve after just a few -LRB- single digit -RRB- hours of use ... as in 20 % of the water lands on my foot . -LRB- And no , the leak is n't from where the hose mates to the sprayer -RRB- . Secondly , it is hard to get a consistent rate of feed from the fertilizer . The first half is gone after a minute , and the second half takes an hour to disappear . Avoid it ... enough said .
 The best part of the Miracle-Grow Lawn & Garden Feeder was when I got so disgusted with it I took it out to the driveway and smashed the darn thing !! Love the fertilizers , rose food , etc. but forget the feeder . It 's not worth the money or the aggravation .
 What is Scotts thinking ? Can not hook this piece of junk inline like you could with the older design , and the mixing is now inconsistent - nothing like the older design . Do not waste your time with this - it is a piece of poorly designed junk .
 i bought this from a local store and when i tried connecting it to 2 different hoses it did n't connect.Buy Miracle-Gro Shake and Feed instead it 's so much better .
 I used to have the old model feeder , an I loved it When that one got old , and clogged I decided time for a new and improved one . BOY !!!! was I surprised when all I got was wet blue feet , becaused the thing leaked all over , feet , hands , grass . almost every place but where I wanted it to go.Shame , on you people . Do n't you test your products . you ought to be reimbursing everyone who bought one .
 Product is cheaply made . The canister does not make a good seal , one leak . Then there are other leak issues at the hose connection . Good luck if you buy one sucker ...
 As a long term buyer and user of Miracle Grow products , I was very disappointed with this sprayer . I tried every possible way I could think of to get this sprayer to work properly , but to no avail . Still dealt with an inconsistant spray . Would recommend avoidance of this sprayer .
 I have used Mircle-Grow for 35 years . Not a problem with the sprayer . It just got old and so I bought a `` new '' one . The new sprayer is a piece of crap . I want to fertilize the plant not me ! It leaks like mad between the hose connection and the on and off switch at the ribbing . I bought a second one thinking that something was wrong with the first one . The second one is just as bad . Previous to these two I had one with the trigger and that did not work either . The engineers that designed this sprayer must be from Fisher-Price . Do n't buy the sprayer
 I was pretty dismayed at the build quality of this lamp as it is constructed entirely out of plastic . It is also heavy , which caused me great concern because of the shoddily constructed base . The base is made out of cheap plastic and comes in two parts that overlap and click together at the center . They did not stay clicked together nor did it stay connected to the main unit very well . When I turned on the light I was immediately disappointed in the brightness of the light . I felt like Carol Anne from Poltergeist calling to the children , it was a pretty weird glow . I closed the unit and that was the last time it stayed on . From then on the bulb would only flicker for an instant when I got it near closed . I could hear a little `` pop '' when I got to this point so I assume it was some kind of short . I tried my best to figure out what was wrong with it as I had spent weeks researching lamps and did n't want to return it as soon as I got it . -LRB- * OttLite is marketed everywhere for artists and though I had a bad feeling about the amount of plastic designed into this lamp , given more expensive options , this deal could n't be ignored . -RRB- I opened it and closed it , opened it and closed it , opened and closed it -LRB- which is all you can do with it really -RRB- , finally seeing a glimmer of hope when I caught sight of that flicker . That 's all it did though . When I went to extract the bulb to check the connection , the cheap rigid plastic tab that held it in place snapped instantly . Although I understand some products have QA issues , I have the feeling that because of where the point of failure occurred that this may be a common manufacturing defect . To J&R Music 's credit , their customer service gave me an RMA without question , although my refund took a couple of weeks before I received it . I got a combination light task lamp instead -LRB- 22W circular fluorescent tube and 100W bulb -RRB- elsewhere on Amazon and could n't be happier .
 I 'm sure if I had received it instead of the cloth map that was sent , I would have loved it . I returned the map and asked that the light be sent as originally ordered . This never happened and I ended up asking for a refund .
 I have had this lamp for about 9 months now and I was happy with it until recently . I spend my time studying 4 to 5 hours at a time on week days . Lately I 've noticed that my skin specially around my hands start burning when I 'm doing work under the lamp . I tried placing it further away but the burn slowly built up as long as the lamp was turned on near by . Once I made this connection I immediately unplugged it and started using my old regular lamp and what do ya know , no more burning skin . It 's a shame because I really liked the quality of the light , kind of like sun light . Unfortunately it seems to carry similar radiation properties because the skin burn from the lamp feels just like a skin burn from the sun . I make all of my amazon purchases based on reviews so I felt like I had an obligation to let others know . I hope this helps someone .
 The two stars are for prompt delivery and the brightness of the light respectively . Maybe I have a faulty item , it is really annoying that the lamp does not switch on quickly and smoothly each time I switched it on . The light just does not light up , not only * after * I pull out the bulb , put it back again , and witch on several times . Apart from that , the light is conducive for reading , writing and computer work ; not glaring at all .
 Eight months ago I purchased four of these lamps to go on the four corners of my office desk which has a sort of `` U '' configuration . They looked great . Recently one lamp suddenly stopped working . The other three kept on working just fine . Tried everything -- new bulbs , different outlets , repeated opening and then closing . Still would not work . Since I had tried new bulbs I figured it had to be the balast since that 's the only other part that would go bad . Called OttLight in Tampa since they have a two-year return policy.In fact , I discovered their return policy is not very good . First I needed to either send them the defective unit -LRB- at my expense -RRB- , or send them a photo of the lamp so as to show that I had severed the cord from the lamp -LRB- again , at my expense -RRB- . The severed cord thing is a first and was sort of insulting . And I would have to include $ 9.95 cash as a `` warranty replacement charge . '' Then I was told by the fairly rude customer service lady that this model was no longer made but had been replaced by a considerably dissimilar model . I explained that all four lamps must match . I asked if she could fix the one I had . She said this would not be possible . So I conclude that this company 's return possible is not really a return policy at all . So I went to Amazon and found and purchased the identical match . I trust I will have no trouble with this unit.Now about the lamp model itself . The lamps are attractive and do the job when they work . These things are made in China and we all know about the lack of Chinese quality so I wo n't go into that here . My main complaint is that the white backing of the lamp goes from a bright white to an off-yellowish color after the lamp has been used for a while . This is due to the fact that the 13 watt bulbs produce a strong brightness that the -LRB- Chinese -RRB- plastic backing can not handle . -LRB- Since my other three lamps have turned yellowish in an even fashion over time this is not as noticeable as it might otherwise be . -RRB- I do not know if Ott has corrected this problem on their newer models.Another problem is the lack of an on/off switch on the unit . Turning the unit on and off requires one to physically open and close the upper portion of the lamp . This requires two hands to keep things steady . For my four lamp set-up this on/off routine would take too much time . As a resort I 've plugged all four of lamps into a light bar so that one switch turns all four on and off simultaneously.But even with these problems I 'm happy to see that Amazon was able to come to the rescue . Otherwise I would have had to find four new desk lamps . They would not have been Ott . Incidentally no need to pay the big charge for an official Ott replacement bulb . They are available at HomeDepot for a lot less . Just make sure it 's a 13 watt PL model.REVISED DEC 31 , 2012 . I wrote the above review in July 2012 . Now , another lamp has just bit the dust . It 's not the bulb ; it 's the -LRB- unfixable -RRB- balast . These Ott Lite task lamps are pure junk . Another example of pure Chinese junk . This company needs to improve quality control . I 'm going with the much cheaper Walmart look-alikes -LRB- $ 17 -RRB- . I do not want to pay this much -LRB- $ 75 -RRB- for cheap Chinese junk !
 I wanted to put some sort of full spectrum light over or beside my african grey parrot 's cage . I bought this particular Ott light because it mentioned in the product description -LRB- in fact , in three places -RRB- that the lamp could be attached to a wall.It can not be attached to a wall unless you want the light to face straight up . There is a keyhole type hole in the base of the light for a screw to attach it to the wall , but it is in the wrong place , and there is no way to change it . Wish I had known that , I would have bought some other type of light . Customer Service got back to my query right away , but said that they did not advertise using the light by attaching it to a wall . Hope they remove that part of their manufacturer 's description . Otherwise , the light is bright and the fixture is good looking , it just ca n't be attached to a wall .
 After several use drilling 3/8 '' mild steel I noticed that I already have several bits with chipped ends . These bits get dull quickly too.Made in China.Would not buy again .
 HAVE USED THE 1/4 IN BIT ABOUT 3 TIMES AND IT IS ALREADY SHOWING SIGNS OF DULLING . VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BITS THUS FAR . WOULD NOT PURCHASE AGAIN .
 This set has a great assortment , but some of the sizes -LRB- 27/64 and others -RRB- are slightly off and are too small . I 've thrown this out and purchased an accurate set .
 I RECENTLY GOT THE SET AND USED THEM ON DRILLING PILOT HOLES IN SHEET METAL TO GO ON A TRAILER HOUSE . THEY ARE DULL TO START WITH AND GET DULL VERY FAST . THEY ARE NOT COBALT AND WOULD RATHER HAVE JUST A MILL OF THE RUN HSS BITS . WISH I COULD GET MY MONEY BACK . ROD
 I 'd love to be in a position to recommend what to buy instead of these , but I do n't have a clue . I 've always sworn by Irwin bits . I bought my current cobalt set about 4 years ago and they are still going strong . So I thought I was doing my son a favor when I bought him this set . That is until we dulled two bits trying to extract a broken bolt last weekend . Perhaps the bolt was made out of a new , super-hard steel ? Nope . I used a bit from my set , and it went through the bolt like butter . The quality may have gone south , but the packaging on his set is oh-so-cute . Someone at Irwin surely got a bonus for making that trade-off .
 Beware . They send faulty equipment and then expect you to fix it yourself at your own expense . The shut off switch stopped working after just one hour of use . They sent us a new part , but it 's complicated to switch , and you have to have the right tools , which we do n't . We paid thousands for a brand new item , and received a faulty item with no support to fix it . We are considering sending it back for a refund . Very disappointing .
 i ordered it three times and got the wrong one each times so i got tired of writing to them Ron
 Very disappointed with this item ! First , when the knife arrived it obviously had been a return from someone else because the plastic was sliced open and the knife had been removed before . But , my son really wanted this for Christmas , so I kept it because I had not been able to find another one anywhere else . It was a Christmas present , and the leather sheath broke on Christmas Day after wearing it only about 5 hours ! However , my son was very happy with the knife , so now we are trying to find another sheath for it .
 This bath was too narrow . I paid $ 1,400 for the bath and could not use it as it was too small . It is in my grage and no one wants to get it even for free .
 Nice looking knife . However , the `` other products by Gerber '' in its title is misleading . This knife is not made by Gerber . Also , it is made in China.Update
 After reading how much hair improved after this filter was installed in a shower , i tried it . i did n't see any results . the filter slowed the water pressure and made a lot of noise , and the cartridge is expensive to replace . after a few months i junked it and have n't seen any change for the worse . really was n't worth the investment or bother .
 Expensive and works for less than 3 years , at which time it will flood your kitchen . I 've had two dispensers and both flooded the kitchen . How this product stays on the market is beyond me .
 Installed this unit a little over 3 yrs ago and now find it leaking as so many others have experienced . Upon dis-assembly of the tank -LRB- which is SS -RRB- one finds that they use plastic sleeve inserts for the water lines and the drain plug . On my unit the water is seeping out at the drain plug between the plastic sleeve and the tank . The sleeve is glued into the tank so no real way to repair without busting out the plastic . This design concept is a real weak link in the product . A well engineered design would have the fittings brazed or welded into the tank itself.Not impressed at all with the durability of this product so really would not recommend to anyone unless you just want to spend money and more money .
 I manage a few single-family properties and used Insinkerators on some of the units since the early 1980s . The early units had stainless tanks and will last anywhere from 5 to 8 years - pretty good . The later units went cheap , using plastic tanks and usually crack within 2 years - not that good . This unit in review has the SST tank , suppose to be stainless steal tank again for reliability . However I found it only lasted under 2 years , failing to dispense any hot or even warm water . The units I use within the last 10 years only lasted around 2 years on average . Many times it turn out to be a blown fuse , a few times between a bad tank or worn out on mechanical dispensing faucet parts . To save the fuse , do n't turn up the temperature on the tank to maximum . I throw in a budget to replace it every 3 years , as it 's not cost effective to call in service after the warranty period . Reliability experience on my own home use is about 2 years as well . I do n't have enough hot dispensing units installed to have it statistically reliable , this is just my own experience.Very nice when it works , could have been more reliable .
 We installed the first InSinkErator H990C Hot Water Dispenser in 1999 . We have replaced it twice . Both times the tank began leaking and flooded the space under the sink . We enjoy the convenience the product offers , but just wish the design of the tank was more reliable .
 This is a replacement for an older model H990 unit that was dying after 10 years of use . The upper portion of the unit is identical , but the undersink heater unit appears to be made of plastic , not metal , like the previous model -LRB- which had a copper tank enclosed in styrofoam enclosed in sheet metal -RRB- . Notably , the other unit ran silent but this model -- which you think would be an improvement -- makes a very noticeable `` roaring '' sound when heating the water , audible over a low TV or conversation even from under the sink . Also , the water out of the tap is about 30 degrees cooler -LRB- 170 vs. 200 -RRB- at the `` factory preset '' thermostat setting . Product description on Amazon is confusing and contradictory
 The shower head leaked when I first installed it . An extra washer between the filter holder and the hose fixed that . After six months or so , the pressure seemed low so I replace the filter . As I disassembled it , I noticed hairline cracks in the head . When I screwed it back on after changing the filter , the cracks had grown enough to generate a small stream of water . New Market Naturals cheerfully replaced the head under warranty , but the second one suffered from the same problem after six months or so . If you buy this product , plan to replace the head every time you replace the filter . You 'll also need to replace the washers , not a big deal but still a pain because they 're not included with the filters .
 We bought this showerhead so it could help our skin and my dd 's eczema . It was great while it lasted but now cracked in 2 places and is unusable . I ca n't believe I paid over $ 60 for it !
 We purchased this product because of its filteration system claiming it would help eliminate hard water stains on our shower doors and walls . It does not work at all and the design of the shower head is ugly . The product was delivered as promissed but without any return address or customer service information .
 I was sent an item that was NOT what I ordered ... I ordered a box of Scotch-Brite # 07445 light duty 6x9 scouring pads , what was sent to me was NOT a Scotch-Brite product ... What was sent to me were white scouring pads that looked similar , did n't at all feel like the real thing and they had a perforated line down the center so that they could be cut or torn into 6 x 4.5 pads , they did n't come in a box and had no markings on them -LRB- Scotch-Brite Pads actually have the name lightly printed on them -RRB- . I sent the item back and received a refund , however it was an inconveinience as I needed the pads I purchased and had to reorder elsewhare which delayed my project !
 Even for the price , this Winchester knife is not capable of meeting the demands of a true outdoorsman . The knife comes dull out of the box , and its chopping performance leaves much to be desired . Even for basic woodworking , I had a very difficult time with this knife . In fact , after some low intensity use , the stainless steel blade sustained chips along the leading edge . On the other hand , this knife works great for soft materials such as fruit , and meat.The knife feels comfortable enough in hand , but provides no shock mediation , and is extremely handle heavy . The smooth handle surface provides little traction , and I would dare not to use this knife with wet hands.However , the nylon sheath provides some redeeming qualities . It seems to be well made , and the stitching is on par . The snap closure works nicely , but the belt loop lacks any type of tactical disconnect . The plastic molded insert is definitely a nice touch.Overall this Winchester knife is n't bad , but I would consider spending my money on something a bit higher in quality . Fortunately , it was given to me as a gift . I give this Winchester knife two stars out of five .
 It was nice and in expensive but it stopped working after about a year or two . Next time I will look for something better .
 This item was described as `` firm '' by the seller . It is anything but ! It appears to be cheaply made from cardboard that is covered by flimsy vinyl . In my opinion , it is not worth purchasing .
 Small Wood Handle is an understatement . I can only close three fingers on the handle . I carry the knife on my tool belt and use it on rough odd jobs . It is very satisfactory for digging up grass burrs . The stainless steel blade is easy to sharpen , but it dulls quickly - no thanks to my abusive use . It has a very long way to go to reach the level of any of my hunting knives . I purchased three of them on a clearance sale . If you are only considering value for the dollar , it would rate four stars .
 Been on order since Oct. . Received wrong item first . Knife Country says that they sent a second &#34; package &#34; . Have n't received it yet . Will send them back the wrong items when I return from overseas .
 This is much smaller than expected . you get what you pay for , and is equivalent of a key chain tool .
 I got this tool for free with another -LRB- Gerber -RRB- multi-tool . I would not buy this tool for much money.If you want a folding pair of small needle-nose pliers , this is a pretty good choice . The motion is smooth , the machining is fairly precise , and the spring-loaded action is really handy . The pliers are indeed small ; they are suitable for items no more than 1/4 inch -LRB- 8mm -RRB- wide . The handles are an adequate 2.5 inches long , and while they are not quite level with one another , it 's no big deal . Pliers feel quite strong , with minimal flexing.The large straight screwdriver is poorly made , with a rounded-off instead of perfectly straight shape . The can and bottle openers are abnormally shallow . The serrated blade is very thick but not very sharp . The straight blade is tiny and not sharp . The cross-head screwdriver is tiny , like a sub - # 1 Philips but more vaguely shaped . The nail file looks and feels like a student project . In short , none of the fold-out tools is of a quality to match the pliers and handles -- they say `` made by the lowest bidder in China '' . The wood accents on the handles are attractive and feel good , but they do make the handles surpringly thick -- about 18mm at the thickest point.For the pliers and appearance , I would give 4 stars . For the other built-in tools , I would give 1 star -LRB- a failing grade -RRB- .
 I purchased this product for my husband as he works in a steel shop . He said that the tuner knob was hard to turn but once he was able to select the channel it was great . He could n't hear the background noise in his shop and he liked being able to listen to the music . When he tried to select another channel the knob broke loose and he was then unable to tune in anything . Unfortunately I missed the cut off date to return this item by one day . Kinda stinks . I 'm going to try to return it anyway .
 All during the first year of use -LRB- 3 hrs . / wk . -RRB- the music would mysteriously cut off . The company , AO Safety , was no help-they never returned e-mails . So in frustration I pried them apart and with a multi-tester found that the switch-a cheap little pressed together thing , was bad . I 'm no electronic wizard , but have taken apart and fixed many things , and I got ta tell you , these things are cheaply made and flimsy . I wish I could recommend a better brand , but I 've never had any others . I guess you get what you pay for . They were so cool when yhey worked , though , and I 'll probably spend more here at Amazon on a better brand .
 I have owned numerous pairs of Peltor WorkTunes 25 's and this is not the same model . I noticed after receiving them that they had minor diferences than those that I have purchased elsewhere . I have talked to Peltor and they informed me that this is not the normal WorkTune 25-the normal model is Peltor #HRX 79A GU . I am tired of large stores having manufacturers make cheap knock offs to make more profit !!
 Well made , comfortable and attractive . Good protection from outside noise . The sound quality is disappointingly poor . FM broadcast voice sounds muffled and hard to understand . The sensitivity to pick up all but the strongest FM stations is lacking . Returned as unsatisfactory .
 I have purchased two of these units for use in my wood shop and they work just fine for the price . The analog tunung knob is easily changed by turning the unit off and on . Reception is good , not great in my area -LRB- urban -RRB- . The only real complaint is the lifespan . In both of my units , the same problem occured , the cable between the battery case and headband failed within months of purchase . I have fixed the cable to prolong the life of both units until it simply got too short to solder . In the case of the last pair that died , a cable became crossed and it nearly melted while I was wearing them . I would advise purchasing a different manufacturer , as I will this time .
 Concept is great , but the headset never shut off , so batteries wore out in-between usage . Might be a rare event but was very dissatisfied !! Better luck next order I guess ??
 I saw this on amazon and decided to get it for my dad for Christmas . Big mistake ! It broke right away and takes 5 minutes of shaking for about 5 seconds of light . I 'm not kidding ! I read the reviews but I thought my dad would really like it so bought it anyway . Trust me
 I bought this for my son who is obsessed with flash lights and we are constantly going through batteries . I got this thinking it would be an easy battery free way to keep him happy . Boy was I wrong ! I have to shake it with all my strength for about 10 minutes to get 2-3 minutes of light out of it . Thank goodness it was cheap cause even so it was a waste of money !
 I regreted I bought this product . You have to shake the flashlight at least for fiveminutes before you can see the light . On top of it , it keeps the charge for only acouple of seconds . This product is no good . Amazon should not be involved in sellingthis piece of non-sense . Never again . I wish I could have my money back.JJ
 This was a complete waste of money . It does not hold a charge for more than a couple of seconds .
 The shake flashlight just does n't work . Holds a charge for about thirty seconds and is not bright enough to actually use . This is my second one and both had the same problems .
 it works good for the first week you have it -LRB- kinda -RRB- then its 30 seconds of shaking for 2 mins of light , mine completely stopped working after a month . this is junk !!!
 Not a very bright light at all . My first order of lights did not work . I receivedreplacements very quickly , but not impressed at all . for the price , though , do n'texpect much .
 While our flashlight seems to work , I ca n't help but notice that it has a lithium button battery , which might explain its function . The `` Magnet '' is actually a piece of lead . So how does it really work ? Shaking it definatly increases the brightness , but it seems it is assisting the magnet .
 With a lot of shaking , it produces very poor amount of light . I could barely see with it.They need to improve it .
 This was probably my worst purchase from Amazon . None , and I mean NONE of the flashlights worked . Talk about a poor product !
 No amount of shaking made either one of two of these &#34; flashlights &#34; I purchased work . That 's 100 % failure . Bad product .
 Item is very heavy and does not hold a charge well . illumination begns to dim almost immediately and is never very bright . I would not purchase this item again .
 I have been purchasing a few of these self charging flashlights lately to find the best one.This one puts out a a poor amount of light . It also does not retain its charge well . You will have to shake it frequently to keep it charged.I would say it is one of the worst ones I purchased .
 Do n't ever buy this . It is a rip off and a gimmick . Your hands will get tired really fast for shaking the flashlight and 30 seconds of shaking will not even get you 5 minutes of light with consistent brightness . Even more the light dims almost instantly after shaking with no retention of charge whatsoever . Other flashlights that require cranking can give up to 2 hours of light for 1 minute of cranking if you get the right one .
 LIVING IN FLORIDA I BOUGHT TWO OF THESE EVERLIGHT FLASHLIGHTS.THE PARTY THAT SAID THERE WAS ENOUGH CHARGE DURING SHIPPINS IS A LITTLE SHAKING IN THE HEAD . IT TAKES AT LEAST A COUPLE OF MINUTES OF OF SHAKING BEFORE THERE IS EVEN A GLIMMER OF LIGHT . AFTER THAT IF YOU DO N'T CONTINUE TO SHAKE IT DIES OUT VERY RAPIDLY.THIS LIGHT MAY POSSIBLY COME IN HANDY DURING A HURRICANE POWER FAILURE BUT THERE ARE OTHER LED FLASHLIGHTS WITH BATTERIES THAT ARE SUPERIOR TO THIS ONE . THE POWER USED BY THESE LEDS IS LOW AND THE BATTERIES LAST A LONG TIME .
 I am an electrical engineering student and I bought this to study the coil generator for a project I am doing . It turns out this is not a shake flashlight at all , and is powered by little batteries . The `` magnet '' is actually just a piece of non-magnetic metal . The `` coil '' is just gold colored paper . If you do n't believe me , just screw off the top and look inside . You do n't need to know a thing about electrical engineering to see that there are no wires going from the coil , or that it 's made out of paper . This is a complete scam from china . Avoid at all costs .
 I am helping my son with an electromagnetic induction science fair project and have studied extensively the requirements for these types of flashlights to operate . This flashlight is better than the ` fake ' shake flashlight we 'd previously ordered for $ 2.35 at amazon.com , because it actually uses a real NIB magnet and appropriate circuitry . However , the reed switch -LRB- which uses a small magnet to connect the capacitor 's stored potential to the LED -RRB- does n't work . Thus , the LED wo n't light . I 'm very disappointed with this purchase . There are genuienly amazing shake flashlights that , both in function and design are truly brilliant devices , but they cost a lot more than this flashlight , so it seems that the old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' , is proven true , once again .
 This item was purchased as a gift and I was very unhappy when I received the item . The box it came in was very bent up and the top of the box would not even close properly . The flashlight was missing the cord to hang it from and it was hard to get to work after following the directions . I would not buy this product again .
 In my clear opinion , this product is not worthed at all for any amount of money unless if you plan to spend more time shaking the flash light than using it . . even after that the illumination is very short lasting and minimal . Buy Garrity 3 led flash light . It is worthed for the money .
 As noted in another review , this is not in fact a hand-powered flashlight . The ` coil ' is a piece of foil and the ` magnet ' is a piece of lead . The flashlight is actually powered by batteries . Save your money .
 This item was purchased from Amazon as a suggested item to buy.I had earlier bought a Nightstar shakelight and I thought I was buying the same product at a much cheaper price . This item is rubbish . The light is dull and the torch feels flimsy - it even has a warning not to shake it too hard as it might damage the unit.Spend the extra money and get a Nightstar .
 First of all , the wrong product was shipped . I ordered the smaller light and the 11 inch version was sent.Secondly , the on/off switch on the light is very balky and requires an extreme amount of pressure to activate . The light was ordered as a Christmas present so there was n't enough time to return/replace it . I 'm sure I would have to eat the shipping charges which makes this item an albatross .
 needs a lot of shaking to keep it going . once you do shake it a bit the light is bright , but still not the greatest product .
 I gave it as a gift to my parents , and they could never make it to work - neither could I . They wanted me to return it , but I did n't want to waste the time on packing and shipping , since it was cheap .
 We lost power not long after purchase , and this was the first flashlight I found . I wound up shaking it for so long that both of my arms cramped up , and it still would n't light up . It would light while I was shaking it but as soon as I stopped then the light would go out . I ended up giving this to someone who wanted to take it apart and use the parts for something else .
 This is junk if you keep shaking it back and forth it will flicker on but not stay on I think the dollar store has beeter items than this
 I got 2 of these at a dollar store , different color , same light . The light is dim when new , uses to tiny cells that you ca n't replace . When the batteries die , that 's it . First the batteries are n't the recharable type . Shaking the light makes it work only when it 's on . However , for the price I got 2 fantastically strong magnets , so it was good for something . in the end .
 I have been a carpenter for over 35 years and I have rarely seen a bigger piece of crap than this tool . Where do i start ... The magazine is made out of plastic . Some times the nails do n't come out at all and other times they go shooting sideways through the chintzy plastic magazine . And it also has a hair trigger magazine release that is situated painfully close to the firing trigger . all it takes is a light bump on the magazine release and it does just that . So expect the whole thing to open up and fall apart on you often . I wound up zip tying the damn thing back just so that I could get through the last project I used it on . The shoe also has issues . It has a thumbscrew adjustment that self adjusts as you work . I ca n't tell you how thrilled I was to discover this the first time I used it . I 've thought about selling it on ebay `` as is '' but i do n't want to screw someone else with this POS . Buy anything else but this thing or you will regret it . I hate it !!!!!
 2 down in 2 days -LRB- not to mention the brad nailer a couple of months ago -RRB- . Had the gun for 6 months and a month ago , it seemed it was not feeding the nails properly , and then a couple of days ago BANG ! It stops complete . I take it apart , and the hammer had snapped where it is connected to the piston , and the piston is sideways . THIS IS ONE DAY AFTER THE SAME THING HAPPENED TO MY PARTNERS GUN THAT WAS 8 MONTHS OLD !!!! My partners Bostitch Brad Nailer also died after about 3 weeks a couple of months ago , and another partners 15 gauge died a little while back and it was only a few months old . The old Bostitch guns we have still work . They use oil , they are a LITTLE heavier , because they are made of sturdy metal , not aluminum and plastic ! Get a Senco !
 I just returned this gun to the rental shop because it would not fire reliably without jamming . Maybe it has been overly abused ? , but I spent a lot of time thinking I could get it to work -- I have the older model FN gun -LRB- no problems -RRB- that is awaiting o-rings -- but in the end I think this design is problematic
 I did some shopping before purchasing this gun . the price was the best around . The item was listed as refurbished , I 've purchased refurbished items before with good results . Most time they are completly new , this was not the case with this one . This gun was clearly just USED . There was no attempt to clean it at all . There was sawdust all over it and in the case and there was somehow a nail hole in the magazine and it was missing all accesories . When i tried to return it I had to call back three time to get an RGA the final call was to a manager . My money way refunded fairly quickly though .
 I bought the nailer over a year ago and use it every few weeks when I get some finish work . It is light weight and it is easy to clear jams . One day it would not fire . I took it to be rebuilt and had an estimate of $ 100 . The guy called and told me it needs a new firing mechanism and it would cost $ 189 . So I am ordering the Hitachi today .
 I am a carpenter in country nsw and bought the n62fnk2 about three years ago for a little over $ 500 . Use it mainly for attaching mouldings and constructing eaves.in that time i have had to replace the driving pin so many times ive lost count -LRB- about 10 -RRB- in between these time it works great however it not worth the hassel . My thoughts , it crap
 I have bought 3 Stanley Bostitch nailers / staplers now and they are alljunk . One of them double fires almost every time . The other two , thecheap plastic trigger has failed . I oil them every time I use them anduse S-B oil and neither one has more than 100 nails through it , but thetrigger simply does not work . I would never buy another and I would n'trecommend this brand to anyone.rt
 From the sound of these reviews , the gun seems to work pretty good for homeowners & such . I 've been a carpenter for 40 years . I 've been using finish nailers for about 20 years . My last nail gun was a Duo-fast . I finally retired it recently , after 17 + years of service . Since the local lumber yard carries Bostich nails , I went with Bostich . I 've had the gun 18 months & the piston rod has broken 3 times . Replacing it myself still cost me $ 35.00 a pop . Anybody who has trimmed a door or window or installed baseboard , knows it 's immpossible not to hit a screw head or sheetrock nail once in a while . Well , everytime I hit one , the piston rod breaks . It breaks in the exact same spot . It appears to made of cast aluminum or something , instead of hardened or stainless steel . I like the gun & am thinking about getting somebody to manufacture a functional rod for me , since Bostich does n't know how .
 I 've been using this gun on 3/4 '' Oak trim with 2 '' nails . It jambs nearly every third nail . The smaller nails work great , but I do n't recommend it for the larger ones .
 I bought the Bostitch nailer because of it 's light weight even though my son and son-in-law had the Porter-Cable finish nailers and have had great success with them . Am I ever sorry !! It 's purchase was a total waste of money ! It constantly misfirers . I am using the nailers also purchased from Amazon . Buy the Porter-Cable finish nailer !
 I liked the nailer , price , weight , and the `` set '' function were all nice . Then came time to buy new nails , there were none to be found -LRB- not even at the store I purchased it from -RRB- . I had to return the nailer , because I could n't find the nails I needed .
 I have been using nail guns for 31 years , and purchased three Bostitch nailers this year alone . All have broken down . The gun worked reasonably well , except that the head kept falling off -LRB- like my F33 -RRB- . I shipped it back for repair 6 weeks ago . The parts are backordered . I called Bostitch and was told repeatedly that they did not get involved with their own recommended service centers . If they do n't , who does ? I emailed customer service and did not get the courtesy of any response.Nails are another issue . They `` dimple '' pine trim to a greater extent then my other finish nailers . In nailing PVC facia trim , I use stainless steel nails . I had more difficulty getting SS nails for this gun then others I use . Additionally , the nails were exceedingly expensive and hopelessly banged up into short strips upon shipping.Their lack of reliability , lack of customer service and their notorious attempts to design unusual collating angles in order to force retailers/buyers to use only their nails produces a score of `` 1 '' from this reviewer . I have n't found a way to use a gun on a job that is at the repair shop or awaiting nails , and that 's the starting point for any tool .
 History : I 've been building all my life and have extensive familiarity with all the tools of the trade.Review : I returned this gun before I ever used it . I only want to teach people about nail angles . I usually love Bostitch . I have their crown stapler with the quick change trigger and their F21PL framing nailer -LRB- see my review . -RRB- They are both awesome . This gun however , uses 28 degree nails , which are only used in Bostitch guns . Therefore , you have to buy more expensive , Bostitch-only nails , which you ca n't get at every store . Very disappointing . Bostitch finally started building other guns with the common nail angles , but you have to carefully make sure when you buy . They 're just behind the times with this one.If you buy a finish nailer , get one with a 30-33 degree angle . They can be bought everywhere , and usually compatible between manufacturing brands . I recommend the Hitachi NT65MA4 finish nailer -LRB- see my review -RRB- .
 I received this one last Christmas as a present from my daughter , even though I already owned a Porter-Cable DA250B finish nailer that my wife bought me , based upon my wishes , for my birthday.Even though the two nailers cost about the same on Amazon , I think the Porter-Cable DA250B is around $ 168.00 , after using the Bostitch N62FNK Finish Nailer , off and on , for less than a month on cabinets and oak trim , I bought new packs of nails for my reliable Porter-Cable DA250B , and finished the job using that.The Bostitch nailer would constantly jam after about 15-18 nails , bending nails and leaving dents in the wood that had to be repaired later . It seemed that it had at least 1/4 less driving power than the Porter Cable , which meant that I had to use a hand nail set to seat the nails.Driving larger and longer nails into the cabinet framing was no problem with the Porter Cable , while the Bostitch mostly jammed while trying to do the same thing.Get the Porter Cable model . You 'll save hours of time and frustration , and the nails are readily available at either Home Depot or Lowes .
 I was doing some outdoor finish work around the house and decided to rent a finish nailer as my brad nailer was a bit light for the job . Instead of renting I decided to buy the Bostich 15 gauge . Excited to get to work I struggled a little to get the hang of loading the magazine . The magazine is plastic and has a bit of a unique loading procedure . Nothing like my Bostich brad nailer or my rough-in nailer . I finally filled it with nails and went to fire the first round ... nothing . Checked the air pressure , hose and fittings . All was OK . Tried for 5 minutes and succeeded in firing maybe 3 nails , one every 15 tries . I took it back to Home D ___ t and got another one . Same model , same problem except this one fired once every 10 times . A two hour job ended up taking me all day running back and forth to the store . Never again .
 Terrible product . Switch malfunctioned after just a few months and I could not find a replacement . Avoid purchasing this model if you expect long term use and reliability . I have had a number of flashlights in the past and this one really lowered my expectations .
 I purchased this tool for my father as a small stocking stuffer . I figured you can never have enough Multi-tools and I loved the wood handle . I bought it becaused it claimed it was made by Gerber . When the box came I found the bits to be rusted and the spring in the pliers bad . I check the box and can find no reference to Gerber on it . I suppose it could be made by a division of Gerber , but it is not there usual quality even if this is a low end of there product . I do love the way it looks and the quality of the blades , so I will see if I can clean the bits , but I am dissapointed .
 i bought the 17 piece socket set because i had a stuck in spark plug . the claim in the comercials that i saw were that this tool was perfect for tight spaces , and for spark plug removal . i have a 86 ford f150 . it dosent get much more open as far as engines go . so long story short the tool i bought for one specific use didnt fit . aparently all the added pins make the socket about a size biger on the outside then it is on the inside.this meant that i couldnt even get it to sit down on the plug . in the long run a neighbor helped me by taping on a smaller size socket and using a huge ratchet to crack the seal and back the plug out . on top of that the driver that comes with the set is super small and flimsy feeling . and the exstender is a joke . if i had it to do over id just buy a good craftsman set of sockets and a spay can of pb 's penetrating oil . the idea of this tool is great , but until they make them standard sizes they will never be usefull in a car , or truck , or any tight surface .
 As a mechanic , I love speciality tools . But I bought and returned this after one use . Maybe it works with perfect bolts/nuts , but I had a rusted and rounded off 9/16 '' exhaust nut , and it would n't EVEN GRIP THE NUT . The tool is called GRIP-TITE , Grip WHAT !? Do not buy this if you expect a professional tool . This is for someone who works on nothing bigger than a tricyle .
 This is def not a great or a well made item . It is about the thickness of two one time use panchos but much larger . It will do in a pinch . Even at only $ 10.00 I was surprised that is was so thin ; you can actually see right thru it . It is light weight and if the weather is n't bad / not too hot nor too cold it would do . It does n't have any sides so you could cut some large trash bags to cover the sides to keep rain out if need be . Just do n't forget to pack some duck tape with it.Honestly ; I 'd rather rely on a poncho or tarp it would offer much better protection and is so much studier . Not bad for dire emergency but I would spend an extra $ 5 or $ 7 and get a good tarp I think you 'll be much better protected.I do n't recommend the product .
 At first it looked strong enough that I bought it as a tent for my B.O.B. , but when I got it -LRB- and looked it up on youtube -RRB- , it seems REALLY thin and weak.It 's certainly better than nothing , and would probably hold up to rain and super light wind , but I 'm only keeping it as a back up -LRB- the saying goes , if you have one you have none ; and if you have 2 you have 1 -RRB- I 'll give it this , it 's very small and fits nicely in my bug out bag , and if for some reason I 'm with or encounter someone , while camping or whatever , who needs a tent I can easily give them this and not really bat an eye.I ended up dishing out 25 dollars and getting an actual tent -LRB- on sale at big 5 -RRB- , that could go with my Bug Out Bag.As a last resort , backup , it 's not a horrible tent , it 's small / light enough that you 'd actually take it with you for that purpose . But as a primary tent or anything that you actually expect that you would sleep in , I really ca n't say that it 's a good tent.lesson learned , splurge and spend a little money to get a real tent or even a good tarp that 's long/wide enough to suit this purpose . Even a cheap tarp of the right size would be better than this tent actually.NOTE
 I have the Frued 1700 combo plunge/fixed 2 1/4 hp router kit . The description of this adaptor said it would fit my router bases . The inner ring does fit but the large ring will not fit unless I sand away some of my base . SInce purchasing this adaptor , I have gotten a couple of used Porter Cable routers . One a D handle the other a plunge base . They both use the regular router guides . Although I kept this adaptor in case I absolutely needed it and modified my bases , I definitely would not buy again or recommend the purchase of this to anyone .
 I picked these up for 4 dollars at a local home improvement store . These gloves stood out for their comfort -- they fit very well , and provided a better range of movement than the other available cowhide gloves -- and for their price.For the past two days I have been moving heavy logs , splitting , and stacking them . Yesterday I put on a brand new pair of these gloves , and when I was done today , there were three very large rips around the thumb of the right -LRB- dominant -RRB- glove , and one large tear on the pinkie of the other glove . They were damaged to the point that they no longer provided the protection I needed for my work.I would have given these gloves 5 stars for comfort , but gloves simply need to last longer than two days . For now I will use my old gloves -LRB- thinner , less confortable -RRB- that have been put through the same kind of work for the past three years without any tears .
 I build cabinets as a hobby and use about 500 feet of edgebanding a year . I was getting sick of using a razor knife , router and sandpaper to flush the edges . So I decided to spend some money on `` the right tool '' . But after trying the Freud EB-090 , I would not recommend it.On the positive side , it is faster and safer -LRB- than the way I usually do it -RRB- . But clearly outweighing those advatages are the following ... - you need a good , sharp blade and these are not blades you can sharpen yourself . Replacement blades cost half-again the price of the trimmer . - I just ca n't get good results . Hand pressure and other factors affect the quality of the trim.I could improve results with more practice , but my decision is to return the gadget and spend the money on a good trimming knife and bandaids .
 First of all , this tool ca n't be used properly on 1/2 inch stock because the sides do n't squeeze in that far.Secondly , it is n't very effective on real wood veneers . For laminate I had no problem , but on real wood it rips and tears the edges below the wood line , very ugly.I would have given a higher rating if the price were more reasonable , but for this price I expect quality.Best to find another option for getting a flush trim .
 I did n't receive this item . I live in Brazil and I asked to a friend of mine , who was in the United States , to bring it to me . The package was sealed , but the blades were not inside .
 I purchased the Freud EB100 because I wanted to speed up the edge banding process in my shop . I currently use an old steam iron and it actually works good . I felt if this machine worked properly , I could speed things up . Well ... the first thing I noticed was the banding was falling off the edge of the bed on the bander . This does not affect the running of the unit but it dont say much for QC . Out of the box , it would not put the banding on even over the full surface , the banding ran up hill . -LRB- The instructions say that the guides are factory set and should be ready to use ! -RRB- I used a digital micrometer to experiment with different heights of the two guides . Adjustment of the guides are very difficult because they are mounted on a stud with a set screw . When you loosen the screw , it might move a little or a lot . You have to move it and measure to know . I set them high , I set them low , I set one high and one low.For 4 hours , I adjusted the guides and ran it . On a 42 '' shelf board I finally got it close but it still started low on the beginning edge and ended high . I ran a 96 '' board and it still got off the board at the end . I was very disappointed . I really felt this machine would be a good addition to my shop . Bottom line , I can put it on straighter and fasted with the steam iron.I clamp my shelves in B&D Work Mate , cut my edge banding to size , and iron it on . Since I purchased this item from Amazon , I knew I would have no problem with my return . They were very gracious and the process was simple . Thank you Amazon . I am a loyal customer .
 Had to return this bike rack -- it did n't fit my standard size mountain bike tires . What were they thinking ?
 This was a nice looking timer but right out of the box was a DUD.Would not work at all at first.Then it started working after bending the a/c prongs a bit.Ran about 6 hr . with pump and it got hot and quit.Will trash this as its not worth going through the return crap .
 Very disappointed in the quality and performance of the Intermatic P1101 outdoor timer . It does not turn on by itself because the on mechanism is too strong or stiff for the timer to overcome . If you physically turn it past the set on time it works correctly , but does not keep accurate time - it shuts off over 1 hour earlier than it is set to turn off . I have tried many different set points , both on and off and it is the same result every time . I have sent Intermatic technical support several emails regarding this problem and they have not responded . I called several times and finally after 5 attempts I was able to get an agent on the phone , he asked many questions and gave no solutions other than that I should go buy a new one -LRB- this one is only 1 month old and still under manufacturer warranty but no advice or offer of assistance was given . Never buy intermatic products again .
 I 've tried everything possible to make this unit work . I had no success . I found an old unit which was a model P1101P built by INTERMATICINCORPORATED that was built in Spring Grove Illinois , USA . Not built by China I 'm using it !!!!!!!! I want nothing more from CHINA !!!!!!!!
 Put the pump -LRB- brand new out of the box -RRB- in a refilled/clean pond with everything perfectly clean . Worked for about an hour before it started stuttering . Sounded like air or something was caught in the impeller , but its perfectly clean , the pump is submerged completely . Pulled off the impeller to see if anything was caught , but it was perfectly clean . The Danner Mfg website is of no help . Also for the 1 hour or so it did work , the output was much less than expected -LRB- barely more than my 300gph we were replacing -RRB- . All in all I 'm quite disappointed .
 Purchased a Pondmaster Pump 9.5 as a replacement pump for my Koi pond . Their product is very cheaply made and does not last much longer than their warranty . Shortly after being in use for a little more than a year , the shaft in the impeller broke due to being made of plastic . This is the first impeller I have seen using plastic ! This product is not recommended ! Replacement parts are available but the cost does not warrant replacing . What will you receive ? More plastic !
 Have had for less than a year . It quit working totally after about 6 months . We did n't bother looking at it until now since winter was coming and we did n't need it anyway . It already has loose parts and needs either repaired or replaced .
 Found this flashlight at a local discount sports store for a good price and thought I 'd try it out for A/V work . It appears solidly built . There is no fumbling between colors . One button is for white , one is for blue . My first issue is the blue is brighter than the white . That did not come as a complete shock though , as there are the same number of LEDs for each color . By far my biggest complaint was quality . Under light to moderate use , I was back to my maglites in less than a year . In 16 years I 've only ever replaced a maglite twice . . and that was due to it finding a new `` friend . '' First the blue light 's switch cover broke . While on a maglite this is n't a real issue -LRB- and not an issue at all with the mini-mag -RRB- , on this light it required a pen to poke in to toggle the switch . The second issue I had . . the whole unit died . I tried to poke around to see if I could fix it , but this does n't appear to be a serviceable unit . Guess I 'll be waiting a while longer for the perfect flashlight .
 This bits are not good at all . I have never broken a 1/4 '' shaft router bit until today.I purchased 3 and only moved then at about 60 in a minute and all three broke within 15 minutes of hand use.Conversely , the exact same style bit from MLCS worked for 8 hours continuous use on my CNC and it never broke it just got a bit dull . Then I sent it in for a lifetime guarantee replacement and MLCS sent me a brand new one.Even at 10.00 each these bits are for the birds .
 I purchased this charger for my husband in June 2011 . He used it once and it worked fine . He used it again two months later in August , and it started smoking when plugged in ! He moved it to a different outlet and again it started smoking and he could smell it burning . I 'm just glad that he did n't plug it in in the basement and leave it there - it could have burned our house down.Do not put your family at risk with this product ! Unfortunately I only had 1 month to return it and I did n't know that it was defective until I 'd had it for 2 months , so I 'm out $ 20 .
 This product was less than acceptable ! I used it to charge my battery , and it burnt out before the battery could even charge all the way ! Rip off !
 Device caught on fire first time it was used . I could actually see smoke coming from the charger after being plugged in for five minutes .
 The correct battery charger was sent in it 's place and received . It is an excellent product . The charger that replaced it was the correct 18v charger and was also an excellent product .
 Received a B & D 12 Volt Battery Charger , 5101181-01 on May 13 2011 . Noticed yesterday , June 22 , 2011 , that the red power light was off . Checked the output of the charger with a volt meter and it read 2.68 VDC instead of 12 VDC . I need a replacement charger . Very disappointed with this B & D item . The charger was from Buckeye Tools and the shipping was free from Amazon . If a return is required I feel I should not have to pay for shipping because it would increase the total price of the charger . If I had purchased the charger at a local store I would be able to exchange it with no additional charge .
 Bought this charger to replace original charger that burned up after a few uses . Used this to charge 2 batteries and now this new charger is burned up also . Guess I should have read the reviews before buying . Buyer beware .
 I took it out plugged it in and hooked the battery to it and it began to smoke out of the charging light.Unplugged it and tossed it out !!!
 Plugged it in started smoking . Glad I did n't I did n't leave it alone , could have burnt my house down . Am going to contact UL and let them know how dangerous this item is .
 the charger was smoky and too hot to use while charging ... almost called fire department - this produdt did not performed as hoper for ...
 No joke people ! , this item is a fire hazzard please do not buy !! If already did please do not leave charger unattended ! Will catch on fire . Just received it today . Was phyched because I 've been without a charger for awhile , plugged in and started charging . Started gettin hot -LRB- like the original carger -RRB- did n't think much of it . Then noticed the charger slowly melting above the red charge light . Then poof !! Fire ! This thing is garbage !! I strongly advise not buying . Goto black n decker if anything . I 'm taking it and buying a new drill unfortunatly . Its crap !!!!
 A piece of junk.The first one was DOA and was replaced.The replacement worked but got so hot I was afraid to use it and it may have damaged my battery.The cost of a new battery and a good charger is more than the cost of a new drill.I have bought my last piece of Black & Decker .
 This item was plugged in to charge my drill batteries . After one week , it stopped working and batteries do not charge . I did n't bother to return the item because of its relatively low cost , but be cautious about buying this item .
 I was very happy with the drill -LRB- and this charger -RRB- , but after nearly a couple years the charger stopped working . I HAVE SINCE FOUND OUT A DYING/FAULTY BATTERY CAN FRY THE CHARGER , and you should never leave it charging more than 3 hours . I did not follow this rule.Granted , I kept the charger in a tool crate rattling around with big tools , and it 's not the sturdiest thing . A wire connection could have been bent . I 'm gon na disassemble it and see if I can fix it.So go ahead and buy it , but be aware it 's kind of delicate . The rest of the drills/batteries are fine and sturdy . 2011 EDIT
 My battery charger worked for about a week and then quit working . Since it does n't work on either battery , I have to assume the charger is bad rather than both batteries being bad .
 Worked for about 4 weeks and then died . Would have expected better life from a product advertised as new . Review forces you to rate at least one star . This one deserves zero stars .
 This charger burned up within a few hours of plugging it in.Someone must knowingly be selling this defective product.I suspect I am not the first victim .
 This always was a cheap piece of junk from Black & Decker . The new multi-volt charger is much better as you can leave the battery on the charger in case you forget it . It took so long to charge a battery where as the newer model will do so in one hour . This never should have been put on the market .
 This was my second battery charger for this drill and I have had enough . When I tested my battery with my volt meter it tested okay so I started charging it about fifteen minutes later `` pop '' now the charger is dead . I bought an electric drill , and said forget it .
 I have a very large house , So I need four doorbells to be able to hear in all of the areas . I thought that the cheap price of these doorbells was a bargain , but you get what you pay for . When I first opened the boxes I was impressed with the nice wood covers . unfortunately the plastic stems that connect the grommets to the chime bar were broken off . I thought this might just be one bad apple of the bunch . But after opening the rest of the doorbells I found out that all four of them were defective and broken in the same spots . This was very frustrating since it wasted my time and money . I will not ever buy another product with the Broan name on it and I advise you not to either .
 Very disappointed with Bosch for designing a system of attachments that do n't work together . I purchased a RA1165 base to mount under a RA1181 table . Then purchased a RA1172AT Dust Extraction Hood Kit ... with the intention to mount the dust extractor hood to the base , using the adapter to bring the hose size to 2 1/2 inches . You can attach the dust hood to the base , but the outlet points at an angle towards the FRONT of the router table . It is not possible to attach the VAC020 adapter to the dust hood and angle the hose so it exits the rear . There simply is no clearance . I should have returned the entire system , but decided to try to solve the problem . The 1 1/2 inch port size of the dust hood required the purchase of a POOL vacuum hose that is flexible enough to turn nearly 180 degrees beneath the table and exit the rear . There I used the VAC02020 adapter to attach it to a 2 1/2 inch Y.BTW , here 's is Bosch 's response
 You get what you pay for . This hard hat offers very little protection , and it does n't have enough adjustments to make it fit properly.Get something better . A lot better .
 I purchased a pond liner and my husband dug the hole a little too big and I figured I could order another smaller liner and piece them together to give me the few extra feet I needed . I used this to seam together the two liners . I did what it said to do . I made sure I did it right cause I did not want my pond to leak after I filled it ! I waited the full 24 hrs before filling it . IT DID NOT WORK !!! I am now spending more money to purchase a larger liner . DO NOT DO WHAT I DID !
 I bought this flashlight an used it a few times and a few times is all it can be used . I had n't picked it up in a couple of months and when I tried to use it I could not get it to turn on . Lousy product .
 I have owned many flashlights and the Smith and Wesson design is terrible . Every Maglite that I have owned , in all sizes , have always performed well - buy Maglite . This S&W light drained batteries when off . Even worse , the design means that the front end twists more easily than the lens cover or the battery compartment covers . As a consequence , the wires inside get twisted and break because of inappropriate twisting and the flashlight is rendered useless without a solder repair of the wires . Save you money , do not buy S&W flashlight .
 I do n't usually write reviews , but this product is so bad that I wanted to warn others . I own many fine flashlights , and I am afraid this is not one of them . First , the flashlight drains batteries even when it is off . I wrote to Smith and Wesson , and they referred me to the company that produces the flashlights for them , Powertech . Powertech will not respond to e-mails/voicemails . Even with new batteries , the light from the 3 white LED 's is inadequate -LRB- I would say it is around 15 lumens or so at best -RRB- , and the UV beam is even weaker . Would be good for detailed work -LRB- up close hobbies and the like -RRB- but completely inadequate outdoors for hunting and tracking purposes . For the same price , the new 3 watt LED mini-mag lite is a suprisingly good option . It has a powerful beam that can be focused . My advice would be to spend $ 10 bucks more and get a Surefire G2 Nitrolon . This is a horrible product , and I would strongly advise against purchasing it .
 I am very disappointed with my flashlight . Yes , it works fine . Yes , it fits the description about the product . But I truly thought that , being a Smith & Wesson , it would be made in USA and therefore would not be lacking most of the quality reassurance and labor standards that make a product worth to buy . I will NOT buy any more S&W products . Amazon should make a better effort to inform the manufacturing origin of the products it sells .
 I have one of these and a Hitachi VB16Y . The Hitachi is by far the best machine . The Benner Nauman is a well built tool , however
 ALL the descriptions i read said & i quote `` great for decks & outdoor furniture '' this junk is FOR INDOOR USE ONLY !!! now i do n't know about you folks but my deck is n't inside , i keep mine in the back yard , along with my OUTDOOR FURNITURE !!!! well i found out after one rain it started cracking & peeling , & yellowing had to remove with stripper , as i did with the other rustoleum product that turned white & bubbled and i had to strip that junk off too ! needless to say i will NEVER use a rustoleum product again !!!! . i have a whole summer wasted on my table because of rustoleum crappy products . thank-you never again
 Very poor instructions and tedious assembly . Requires multiple tools and really 2 people to accomplish this .
 This product tho it seemed to match our current one , failed to synchronize with our garage door opener . It did n't work at all . A waste
 Buy the Chamberlain 953EV instead . The 953EV works on the same models as this one as well as all recent ones so if you have to change a garage door out you do n't need to throw away the openers .
 The light came without the batteries that were supposed to be included . Batteries were very difficult to find and quite expensive . Even with batteries the xenon light did not work . So now I have a very expensive led flashlight with hard to replace batteries . The case was nice however .
 We 've had 4 of these quit working in a year . None ever experienced harsh conditions or use . I played with the last one and discovered it would work if I flexed the circuit board . The 370lm has much a better rating . The one we bought works fine , hope it lasts
 This garage door remote rarely works . I sometimes have to press the button 10 times before it actually opens the door . It is also supposed to be able to program my buttons in the van but it wo n't . Very dissappointing !
 This is n't a bad welder -LRB- I own the 93300 -250 amp -RRB- and SOME parts are available through Tweco dealers . The main problem is with Schumacher the company . I 've owned several Schumacher products over the years and they 're fine as long as you do n't have a problem . They have NO customer service -LRB- even though they have an 800 number and email addresses -RRB- . They never respond to customer questions or problems . The other problem is with their cheap offshore parts . I wanted to get the TIG torch -LRB- which WAS available -RRB- . I had to go through one of my business contacts -LRB- an inside guy -RRB- to finally find out that Schumacher is n't interested in servicing or selling parts , at any price , once the warranty period has expired.I think I 'm done with Schumacher products only due to the company .
 the black handle broke making the nozzle useless ... not what I would consider to be commercial grade . I would look for a nozzle with a stronger metal handle .
 I bought this gilmour 572tfr nozzle and then could n't buy the 09qcf adapter to go with it that I nead to fit up to my spraters . not happy at all !!!!
 It should be made clear that this product contains lead . From the packaging : `` NOTE
 Stains by looking at it . Seriously , as granite is porous , it absorbs stains and they seem to have made this white granite especially susceptible to acquiring stains . Pour out a cup of old coffee into the sink even with the water running and it stains . There is no way to avoid staining it . Its a constant pain , chore and regret .
 I bought this sink from a major home improvement store 2 years ago , and I wish there had been warnings online before I did . One reviewer said it stains when you simply look at it , and that is no exaggeration . It must be a highly reactive material ; even a bread crumb will stain it . I scour it multiple times a day , and I find I 'm reluctant to even wash my hands in it after I 've scrubbed it because even that will leave a stain which must be scoured out again . I plan to replace it with stainless steel , even though I love the look of white .
 I too inherited this sink when we bought a house . It 's amazing how something as simple as a sink can be so totally irritating . I can keep the stains out but only using multiple products several times a day . If I rinse out a soup can and turn it upside down in the sink to drain I get rust stains that must be removed with a rust product -LRB- I use Whink -RRB- ... bleach wo n't do it . But , I need bleach to get out the other stains like coffee and juice . I need cleaser like Comet or Ajax to get rid of the black scrape marks the pots and pans leave . I would never ever recommend this sink to anyone . I hate it and am researching new sinks to replace this one .
 Unfortunately , this sink came with our house when we bought it 2 years ago , so we were stuck with it for a while . We just had new countertops and a new black granite sink installed today and I was so happy to see his Swanstone sink go . I looked at the model number on the sticker when the contractors removed it just so I could write a review to warn people about this sink . It stains SO easily ! Nothing we tried would get the stains out . We tried just about every type of cleaner that exists , plus a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser , but the stains were there to stay . It was nothing but an eye sore . When we decided to get new countertops , I knew that this was our opportunity to finally get rid of this eye sore in our kitchen . We went to Home Depot and bought a beautiful black granite/composite sink and it literally gave our kitchen a total face lift . I never realized just how much something as small as a stained , dirty sink could bring a kitchen down ! So , the point I 'm trying to make is DO N'T BUY THIS SINK ! Pretty much anything will stain it and you 'll just end up wanting to replace it !
 Now that all my paintings and carvings are up , my arm no longer resenting my tool chest , it 's time to properly amend this to explain the problems I was having -LRB- my initial review -RRB- and the solutions I found are most foolproof AND fail-proof with the least risk of damage -LRB- literal amendments -RRB- . I give up using Ooks on concrete in particular . The pro Ooks for non-masonry walls -- though they 've started being a bit shoddy in quality control -LRB- irregular/not reliable -RRB- -- do what they say for the most part , though cheap drywall still can be easily destroyed by even those tiny nails when the weight is put on -LRB- the wall 's fault but they are misleading and for regular home use , the choices could get really confusing between the plastic hooks with 4 pins , the giant Hercules hooks , and the many nail versions and whatnot ! -RRB- ... I do suggest reading a bit about them before getting them so you are sure you get what you need -- the packages are very minimal in their information and the print is literally 2.5 pt font.So these concrete/brick ones I bought in sets of 3 for the 30lb ones -LRB- at Home Depot for a a few bucks per set -RRB- , sets of 2 for the 50lb ones -- I 'm not about to hang any 100 pound items , let alone the 200lb drywall option ! I also got a `` complete '' set with a wire , 2 hook things to screw in on a frame , and the 30lb hook and nail , and Ook has apparently just gone WAY downhill , from REALLY awful screws for the frame to these `` bendless '' nails that most certainly bend , which they did n't used to do in my experience.I 'm adding a picture to show the result of trying to get this `` minimal damage '' option in the wall . True , only about 1/3 '' around the nail has chipped off -- that 's not the issue , really , as I can always fill it in when I move ... the issue is that where those rings are on the nail ... you can still see 3 of them -LRB- the other 2 hidden by the hanger -RRB- ... they just ARE NOT going into these old concrete block walls , not without drilling a hole big enough to make it wobbly . I spent over an HOUR with them and let a big tough repairman try , too , before moving to drill plus Ook . In hammer-only attempts , the first bent at the end like the very tip of a fish hook -LRB- not a dramatic J on the whole nail , more precisely like the sharp pointed tip -RRB- , the next `` sorta bent '' but more of a slant than a strong bend , and the last just sat there mocking me til I went for the drill bits -- so much for the Ook 's claim that all you 'd need is a hammer , flaw number one . Flaw number 2
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I bought this shelf because it was the only one I could find that was -LRB- a -RRB- wood , -LRB- b -RRB- white , and -LRB- c -RRB- less than 20 inches long . Most wooden shelves on the market are longer.The shelf does not sit well on the wall . To install it , you first have to attach a wooden peg to the wall , and then you push/slide the shelf onto that peg . The problem is that the shelf does not fit tightly to the peg , which makes the shelf a little wobbly . It slopes down towards you instead of being perfectly straight . That is , if you put a marble in the middle it would slowly come back to you instead of sitting in the middle.Also , I bought two of these and one was defective . The peg did n't fit into the shelf because it was not cut properly . I called customer service at the company to request a new peg and they said they would ship a new shelf . That was weeks ago and I have n't received anything yet . I 'm not holding my breath.So steer clear of this product .
 This made in China not the USA as advertised . Im sending this back to the false advertisers ! Do not buy this unless you are ok with supporting china .
 Not Made in the USA ! MADE IN CHINA!I just received my order and these are not made in the USA they were made in CHINA ... I ordered two each of the following nozzles 573 , 573TF , and 593 . They are all made in China . I contacted Gilmour and they said that all their nozzles are made in China now . I purchased these as gifts as I have one that everybody loves , but it was made in the USA . I try very hard to do my part and buy American .
 Wholeheartedly agree with the other reviewer . It 's amazing something as simple as a tp holder can be so messed up -LRB- and cost so much . -RRB- You are stuck with a fixed width that MUST fit your paper roll like a glove or else bathroom comedy ensues as the roll keeps falling off . I guess the previous owner enjoyed &#34; high-end &#34; toilet paper and I should be purchasing toilet paper commensurate to my high end bathroom accessories . / eyeroll
 I bought this to match my bathroom faucets . How do I hate it ... let me count the ways ... 1 . You have to get the exact correct size width of paper . Some rolls will fit and some will fall out . For example , the more expensive rolls of MD tissue will fit , but the economy rolls are too small .2 . How much time do you have in a day ? You have to squeeze the holder out and attempt to make the roll fit in . If the hole in your roll is not perfectly round it will not go in . Even if it is round when you start , sometimes it gets a little crushed while you are trying to install it and you have to take it out , make it as round as you can and try again .3 . Sometimes when you are 1/2 way through with the roll , you can pull it a bit sideways which will cause it to fall out . Then you have to go back to my second step and put it back in all over again.It 's too late for me because I already made the holes in the side of my cabinet to fit this in , but there are lots of nice toilet paper holders out there . Get any of those instead !
 Poor quality . The clips rip off when trying to tighten after one try . I have had to tie the ropes together for it to work . Will send it back ASAP !
 The sandbox cover for the Frame It All Sandbox hexagonal has some problems . The shape is great , the anchors that hold it down to the frame are great . The problem is the elastic rope that holds it snug are held together with a plastic grip and all of them broke . Some of the elastic rope disappeared into the seam of the cover.So the rope is not holding the cover snug and water gets in . Very disappointing as it was so close to working so well , and yet so far away.Frame It All Sandbox Cover , Hexagonal
 I 'd get again since there seem few options , but the item only took about 3 months in the sun to fade . Also , no matter how tightly the strings are pulled , water pools between sections .
 The cover comes with a big inflatable beach ball to place in the middle of your sandbox , supposedly to help the water run off the cover , but water still accumulates and sags under the weight of water , making big , stank , murky water puddles that end up in your sand anyway when you try to take the cover off . I personally would not mind the sand getting wet , since it would just drain out the bottom anyway , and wet sand is much better for play and building castles with than dry sand . Dry sand also flies much more easily into eyes . I just want a taut cover that will keep critters who want to use my large sandbox as their personal loo out of my sandbox . This cover does not do that , as the weight of the water pulls the cover in and creates openings where animals could get in . It also does not have very good UV protection , as my cover lasted one summer before fading , and three summers before ripping and shredding apart .
 I found that this cover accumulated water puddles even when tightened , and then started mildewing on the top . A hard plastic cover would be far superior to this . It is hard to put on , hard to remove -LRB- without getting water or sand all over yourself -RRB- . It fades in the sun .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I 've only had the lava lamp for about a week , and until a few moments ago I was happy with it . I never left it on for more than 8 hours at a time , and I was even thinking about buying another , larger one to put in my living room . About 30 minutes ago I turned the lamp on , and it was heating up when I heard a loud POP , and when I looked at the lamp I could see where suddenly there was a big crack , near the base of the bottle , where the shape transitions . I had the lamp on the same table as my computer and other electronics , and I 'm lucky that I was n't in another room and happened to notice the sound of the glass spontaneously cracking . It would 've been a disaster if the lamp had started leaking hot gloopy waxy liquid all over my computer ! I love lava lamps , but now my confidence in them is cracked , along with my lamp . BE CAREFUL if you have one of these , and consider putting it somewhere where nothing bad will happen if it cracks and starts to leak .
 Unfortunately , the lamp never worked properly . When the lamp was on and the liquid heated up , all of the yellow color rose in a big clump , pooled at the top of the lamp and stayed there . The movement of the liquid never functioned like a lava lamp . Then when I shut off the lamp and it cooled down , the yellow liquid clumped into a solid and stuck to the sides of the glass . I made the mistake of throwing away the packaging before confirming it worked properly , so I was unable to return it .
 We tried everything to get these to flow -LRB- we purchased 2 of them in different colors -RRB- and nothing worked . Takes ages to heat up , and then the blob just sits there and does n't do anything - no motion , nothing . what a major disappointment .
 I am disappointed in this lava lamp . After waiting for nearly eight hours for the ` lava ' to start moving , it finally made a slight move upward . That was it . The lamp makes a nice night light but it is NOT a lava lamp . More like an oil-filled glass container with a blob of wax stuck at the bottom.Do not waste your money on this product . You would be better off going to Spencer 's .
 This item was a disappointment to my mom . She was delighted with the idea of a lava lamp , but surprised that this one did not move as expected . As it warmed up , a slow blob moved into place and stayed put . Also we had to put the lamp on a timer so that it would not overheat . She loves watching the movement of things and had hoped this would work all day . It did arrive promptly and as described , but did not function like we had understood a lava lamp would .
 I purchased this lamp for my daughter for Christmas ' 09 . We plugged it in and turned it on and waited . And waited . And waited . We left it on all day expecting the goo in the bottom to start moving . It never did . Nice glow but no lava motion .
 I 've got one of those and it was so cloudy that I was hardly able to see the lava . Plus the lava did n't move at all after several tries . I was very dissatisfied and returned the item , and got the same thing from directly Target 's website . This time it 's clear and works fine -LRB- though it takes about 2 hours to warm up , but I think it 's normal for new lava lamps -RRB- . So , I 'm very happy with my new lava lamp . I do n't know the reason , but I guess somehow Lava Lite does n't have a good quality control on its products . If you 're lucky you get a good one but chances are also high that you might get a dysfunctional one . So order it at your own risk .
 I ordered two of these . One worked fine , but the other had a bad bulb -LRB- broken filament inside the bulb -RRB- . There is a warning to not use any bulb so leaves me confused about what type of bulb to replace with.The device overall feels really cheap and you have to be very careful not to top it over . You sit the middle part on top of a bulb in the bottom then cover up the cap on the top with a silver top . The silver pieces on bottom and top are easily bendable . I received mine kind of bent up and re-shaped it back to almost normal.So overall , bad quality and also received a bad bulb .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 I was using this on a very heavy traffic tiled area ... it came up after one day . The adhesive is not sticky at all . This is fine if nobody is going to touch it , but if anybody is going to be stepping on it or rolling over it -LRB- especially on a tiled area -RRB- , I recommend something stronger .
 Its light was okay , although it could not quite cover an entire page of a book . The main problem is it 's too shabby to survive a battery change -- so you will get just 40 hours of use before it runs out . Also , finding 3V Lithium batteries is not easy .
 Ceramic pieces inside of unit are very brittle and become detached with use . Pieces find their way into the fan mechanism and jam the motor so the fan will not rotate . The unit is useless at this point . Mine lasted three or four uses over six months .
 This unit broke , simply stopped working after six weeks since opening the box . The unit was used nearly every day 5 days a week in an industrial , workbench environment . I believe the units works well when functional . Perhaps it is most suited for hobbyists.Edit
 This heat gun died on me last week after 7 months . I used it within the manufacturers guidelines and it just died .
 This heat gun worked great for maybe a total of 2 hours light use -LRB- heat shrink wire tubing -RRB- spread out over 5 months , until something on the inside broke off , got into the fan and shorted it out in a big and fairly scary way . Looking into waranty ...
 Despite good reviews , this heat gun died after a few days of light use . It flashed and growled suddenly then stopped working . I let it cool down but it still will not turn on again . I will be returning it to Amazon and buying a different one .
 I had this gun about 6 months before it just quit working . Save your money and buy something else .
 I purchased this in February 2012 . It died in late July 2012 . In that span of time I had used the gun perhaps 7-8 times for a total of no more than 2-3 hours of cumulative use . Then last Saturday the gun just died . I happened to notice a bit of sparking though the vents in the lower housing and then that was all they wrote for the heat gun.It does have a 2 year warranty , but for what it would cost me in shipping I would rather put that money towards another to replace it . Which is what I plan to do.Judging from other reviews on this heat gun it 's pretty much hit and miss . You might get a good one or like a bad one . My suggestion ? Look for a product that has far more hits than misses .
 Had this for about a year - used lightly , in a home/hobby environment . Works great for shaping plastics , Kydex , etc. . Last week I went to use it , and the motor exploded in a grand shower of sparks as soon as I turned it on ! It 's a pity , because it was otherwise a nice unit and reliable up to that point . Probably had a total of 20 hours of `` on '' time before it fried . Now I have to get a new heat gun ... I wo n't be buying this same one .
 This item is described as having dual heat range AND dual speed settings . ALL it has is one high/low switch , like a hair dryer . Maybe this is fine for what many people need , it does n't suit my purposes . It seems like false advertising , certainly misleading anyway ! Even printed on the products package are all the various features it offers but are all just different ways of stating what it actually is capable of . I even spoke with someone at the company and he confirmed that this is just a lower end product with a high/low switch &#34; like a hair dryer &#34; - his words . It does come with a number of nice accessories and a nice hard carrying/storing case ...
 Quit working after about a dozen uses over nine months . I got a total of maybe two hours out of it . A waste of money .
 Used it for one day and it quit heating and blowing . Do not buy .
 This product only worked for 40 days and the motor burnt out to a crisp . Only days before the refund time limit for Amazon . I think this is total B.S. . The item is garbage . I have to return it now and lose part of the money I paid for it . Please DO NOT make the same mistake as I did buying this item .
 The gun itself -LRB- while working -RRB- was great . Unfortunately , in the middle of an install it just stopped dead . Not sure what happened . Opened it up and look for any possible loose wires only to find that everything was in , seemly , perfect order . Just stopped working . Waited til the next day to see if possibly it was just overworked ... nope . Tossed in the dumpster . I 'd go with a cheaper version , or just get a lighter instead .
 This was a great heat gun until it burned out after ~ 10 hours of cumulative time over 8 months . I ran it on only the low setting : -LRB-
 My unit stopped working after the first few times I used it . I opened it up and saw that the motor brushes had popped out . This heat gun has a low price because it is cheaply made .
 Heating element started falling out immediately on first use . Returning and paying a little more for a better product . The case is nice and the extras , but one used and dead ? Not worth it .
 Kawasaki 840015 Black 10-Piece Heat Gun KitI purchased the Kawasaki heat gun -LRB- 840015 -RRB- about 2 months ago . A month into using the heat gun , there was some serious sparks and noise coming out of the gun . I immediately turned it off . There was a piece of metal that was rattling in the heat gun . I initially thought this may have been something I did , but after some investigation of my own -LRB- I am an electrical/electronics engineer -RRB- , the piece that was rattling turned out to be a small piece of metal . It is a little mangled to know for sure what this part is , but it looks a lot like a commutator in the motor.The plus sideThe tool did wonders for heating and even some soft carving -LRB- on vinyl toys -RRB- which adds to its versatility . It has high and low heat setting which is decent . The accessories extend the a wide variety of use for the heat gun . unfortunately , I have not been able to test out most of it . The stand/cradle is decent , but I wished it would allow the heat gun to stand in a more neutral position , so you would be able to pick it up fo use immediately . This is not a deal breaker for most.The negativeThe tool broke down after a month of use which for me is about 10 times of about 5 minutes use . I question it 's reliability and consistency in manufacturing.I am in the process of getting this replaced by the manufacturer who happens to be quite close to me in Long Beach . I found out this is a licensed product of Kawasaki , so Technically , this is not manufactured by Kawasaki . This may be misleading to some people . The product is manufactured by Alltrade Tools in Long Beach , CA.Here 's a link to Alltrade 's website for the tool -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- I will update the review upon receipt of the replacement , that is if I do get a repalcement .
 Bought it back in 2010 but only started using it recently . Used it a month ago to peel some lino . Started using it again last night and it worked for 10 min then shut off . Now it wo n't turn on .
 I loved the look of these and the heavy weight . Brass workings . However , the finish peeled off . I bought mine -LRB- 2 of them -RRB- at Sam 's and they had to refund my money since they did n't have anymore in stock . I had spoken with the manufactures warranty dept and they said to take them back to Sams for a replacement . That 's all they would do .
 Purchased 3 of these faucets at Sam 's club for less than $ 50 each . While installing I discovered that the waterspout does not swivel . If I had known this prior to purchase I would probably not have bought this particular fixture . Needless to say that a spout hanging this far over the sink causes some awkwardness and hazard while trying to wash ones face , either by bumping your head or scraping your hands on the spout . I called tech support at Corrego and was told the spout does not swivel and there is no accessory part that will allow it to swivel . Great looking fixture but not very practical .
 Stains by looking at it . Seriously , as granite is porous , it absorbs stains and they seem to have made this white granite especially susceptible to acquiring stains . Pour out a cup of old coffee into the sink even with the water running and it stains . There is no way to avoid staining it . Its a constant pain , chore and regret .
 I bought this sink from a major home improvement store 2 years ago , and I wish there had been warnings online before I did . One reviewer said it stains when you simply look at it , and that is no exaggeration . It must be a highly reactive material ; even a bread crumb will stain it . I scour it multiple times a day , and I find I 'm reluctant to even wash my hands in it after I 've scrubbed it because even that will leave a stain which must be scoured out again . I plan to replace it with stainless steel , even though I love the look of white .
 I too inherited this sink when we bought a house . It 's amazing how something as simple as a sink can be so totally irritating . I can keep the stains out but only using multiple products several times a day . If I rinse out a soup can and turn it upside down in the sink to drain I get rust stains that must be removed with a rust product -LRB- I use Whink -RRB- ... bleach wo n't do it . But , I need bleach to get out the other stains like coffee and juice . I need cleaser like Comet or Ajax to get rid of the black scrape marks the pots and pans leave . I would never ever recommend this sink to anyone . I hate it and am researching new sinks to replace this one .
 Unfortunately , this sink came with our house when we bought it 2 years ago , so we were stuck with it for a while . We just had new countertops and a new black granite sink installed today and I was so happy to see his Swanstone sink go . I looked at the model number on the sticker when the contractors removed it just so I could write a review to warn people about this sink . It stains SO easily ! Nothing we tried would get the stains out . We tried just about every type of cleaner that exists , plus a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser , but the stains were there to stay . It was nothing but an eye sore . When we decided to get new countertops , I knew that this was our opportunity to finally get rid of this eye sore in our kitchen . We went to Home Depot and bought a beautiful black granite/composite sink and it literally gave our kitchen a total face lift . I never realized just how much something as small as a stained , dirty sink could bring a kitchen down ! So , the point I 'm trying to make is DO N'T BUY THIS SINK ! Pretty much anything will stain it and you 'll just end up wanting to replace it !
 Had to return , not what I expected . Cheap price cheap product . You get what you pay for . Base is plastic with some type of covering that was chipped . Plus a 25 % restocking charge .
 This is useless . The bit does not clear chips and does not drill a consistent width hole , narrows toward the bottom of the cut .
 Its light was okay , although it could not quite cover an entire page of a book . The main problem is it 's too shabby to survive a battery change -- so you will get just 40 hours of use before it runs out . Also , finding 3V Lithium batteries is not easy .
 BUYER ! PLEASE BE ADVISED ! THEY POST THE WORD FLASHLIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- WITH AN S . THEY POST A PICTURE OF `` 4 '' FLASHLIGHTS ! THEY TELL YOU YOU CAN KEEP ONE IN THREE DIFFERENT LOCATIONS AS OPPOSED TO USING THE WORD `` OR '' . THEY CHARGE 19.95 , BUT THIS IS ALL ONLY FOR ONE FLASHLIGHT ! JUST ONE ! WHILE OTHERS CHARGE 6.99 AND 7.25 FOR THE EXACT SAME 21 LED FLASHLIGHT , THEY CHARGE 19.95 , USE THE WORD FLASHLIGHTS < < < AND SHOW 4 LIGHTS . MISLEADING ! THEY TELL YOU YOU HAVE A CHOICE OF FOUR , BUT NOWHERE DO YOU GET TO CHOOSE ANYTHING ! JACKS TOOL SHED SELLS THE SAME LIGHT FOR ABOUT 7.25 . THINK ABOUT IT . WHY ARE THEY SHOWING 4 LIGHTS , HAVE PLURAL LIGHT -LRB- S -RRB- AND CHAGE 19.95 FOR THE SAME EXACT LIGHT ? ALTHOUGH SOME HAVE TOLD ME THAT YOU RECEIVE LIGHTS WITH BURNED OUT LED 'S / NOT SURE , BUT YOU GET THE PICTURE . VERY SAD !
 I ordered this lamp ... I guess the seller didnt have it because he sent me a lighting system that I need to install into a wall . Not cool ... will be contacting amazon
 My tires were a few pounds low , and when i filled them with this pump it took forever . I mean I was there for 10 minutes , and it only added like 1 lb . It also ca n't run for more then 10 minutes , or it gets hot . I would recommend something else . this is OK to have in the car , but it might burn out by the time you fill your tires . Also , the guage is not accurate . My tires are 30lbs , it consitantly read 40lbs .
 This sink can not be kept clean and chips very easily . American Standard will not stand behind this product .
 We had a prior Grohe model for many years that finally gave up the ghost . I called Grohe customer service and they were unwilling to repair or sell replacement parts . The only choice was to replace it.We wanted to stick with Grohe design to blend with the faucet , so we ordered this.It lasted not much more than a month . Too long to return to Amazon and it 's probably not worth my time with customer service .
 Here 's an idea
 This product might work , IF the tape that is provided with it stuck to the wall for longer than a minute . Even with the recommended `` set '' time of 15 minutes , the tape does not stay .
 As other reviews have indicated , the film works just fine , stretches nice and clear , etc. but the tape is garbage . Do yourself a favor and just buy a roll of 3M double-sided tape if you 're going to buy this kit .
 The tape was the problem . The tape that comes with this product did not stick to the window , despite cleaning the surface . It did stick to the plastic , causing the plastic to bunch up . After a long ... frustrating attempt at sealing , I managed one window and gave up on the rest . I would strongly caution against this product .
 I purchased four boxes of this brand ... I will be returning 3 !! The one box I am forced to keep , I will need to add another layer plastic of some sorts ! This product does not work well ! The quality of the tape is a JOKE ! The scotch tape my children use for their arts and crafts projects is at least 50 % stronger . I am very disappointed in the results I have experienced and would not recommend this brand if it were to only option on the market . Just to make the plastic stick , I have had to use packaging tape ! In the process of using the packaging tape , I have ripped the cheap plastic ... an all around mess !! Do not waste your money on Frost !
 I have to agree with naysayers on this one . The main problem , and it 's a big problem , is that the tape does n't stick . I fought battle after battle just trying to get it to adhere to the fixture . Finally , I got it to stick by using some glue as a catalyst . In addition the tape itself was difficult to peel away , and I could n't get the film itself to shrink by blowing hot air on to it . I do n't know what the future holds in terms of removing it once warm weather arrives , but I finally got it . But long story short is that the tape is woefully inadequate . Avoid .
 You 'd think that there should be no problem with the one aspect of this kit that is totally in the manufacturer 's control
 I used this product to cover several windows last year with good results . This year , I bought what appeared to be the same item , packaged in identical boxes . However , the quality was very poor . The plastic sheets were slightly smaller and had a different feel to them , and the roll of tape was plain white and not marked with the Frost King logo like last year 's batch was.Last year , the tape stuck tightly to the plastic . This year , it would barely stick . and I had to press it very hard before it would stay . Then , during the shrink-wrap phase , the hair dryer caused the plastic to break almost immediately . It 's the same dryer I used on the previous year 's batch , and I was careful not to get it too close to the plastic or hold it too long in one spot.Junk . I wo n't buy the Frost King brand again .
 The tape that comes with the film is useless . It does not stay on the windows or even to the film . Do n't waste your money and buy the 3M brand instead .
 We just did 6 windows in our house with the Duck brand from Wal-mart and it worked great ! It was our first time ever using a window insulation kit for our windows and it was fairly easy to do . The tape worked really well and we did n't have any issues . So we were at Home Depot and thought we 'd buy a kit for the patio door , we saw the Frost King , figured it would be just like the Duck brand we used and so we bought it . After hours of frustration this morning , I have finally ripped it down and threw it in the garbage . What a waste of money , now I will be heading back to Wal-mart to buy a Duck brand kit for the patio door . I hate Wal-mart but it is worth it to use a product that actually works . There tape is much more durable and thicker than the thin stuff you get with Frost King . I do n't know how much the kits cost at Wal-mart seeing as someone gave us the insulation kit but it ca n't be too expensive .
 Nice piece of plastic . Unfortunately , the tape is WORTHLESS . It 's less than half an inch wide , which absolutely wo n't provide enough surface area to support a sheet of plastic 84 '' x 110 '' , especially if there 's a draft coming through the window.Here 's the logical issue
 I 've been using this product for about four years -LRB- because that 's all that my local Home Depot sells -RRB- , always with frustration . The tape is useless . If you 're really lucky , it might stick for a half a day . After that , you 're using packing tape , and wondering why you spent so much time initially trying to make the whole project look nice.I just ordered a bunch of the 3M tape and plastic , given its far superior reviews . We 'll see ...
 ... . if you posted the dimensions , if you posted the dimensions , if you posted the dimensions , if you posted the dimensions , if you posted the dimensions , if you posted the dimensions
 i 've used waterbased topcoats in the past with no problem . this product claimed it could be used over latex paint . when i topcoated a dry coat of benjamin moore semi gloss latex paint , the product curdled and became tacky almost instantly making it impossible to apply with a brush . i had to remove the topcoat from the project . i will not use this product again .
 This is by far the worst product I have ever used . it jammed after just six shots , constant dis assembly , Bostich support was rude and incompetent . Amazon was also non responsive to e-mail .
 Works most of the time , But Id say every 1 out of 5 staples didnt not come even close to sinking into the wood . We spent a lot of time with a hammer and a punch going back over each staple making sure it was flushed . very time consuming .
 I bougth this gun hooping to get my job done.The first one had some proplems in sinking staples so a returned.They send a second one and rigth out the box i tried and for my surprise something was wrong with the safety so the gun did not shoot.I did send the second one back and amazon is going to send my money back.I dont know if is problems with the factory bad quality produtcs or i 'm having bad luck.I will wait to buy another one . Ricardo . -LRB- my job still not done -RRB- .
 I ordered the staple gun and thought that I 'd get the staples locally . This was a bad move ; I have searched Home Depot , Lowes and a major hardward store in the Dallas Mextroplex without success . Definitely , order the staples when you order the stapler . I will end up ordering the staples online which will push my schedule back 2 weeks due to the Christmas holidays . Whenever I get to use the stapler , I 'll let you know how it worked . BTW . I 'm laying 1/2 inch 5 '' wide hand scraped . I used glue to do my walk in closet and it was so messy and tiresome , but the floor came out beautifully . Hopefully , using the staple down method will be easier.Update
 Ordered a Bostitch LHF97125-2 from Boston Indusrial thru Amazon . They sent LHF2025K . The model I ordered is needed to install Shaw flooring which staples thru the groove , not the tongue . The LHF2025K model is preset for Bruce flooring which staples thru the tongue . They did not notify me of substituing a different model that costs more than $ 70.00 less . Yet they charged me for the ordered model . An agent with Boston Industrial stated they have n't had the ordered model for 6 months and have been substituting a different model that was newer and had updated features . Boston Industrial lists the Bostitch LHF97125-2 as being in stock and have been intentionally defrauding customers by substituing models that cost less and charging the higher price for a model they do n't have . If it was known to them for 6 months that they do n't carry a certain model , why did n't they remove the model they were n't stocking . I was hoping to install 400sqft of flooring to surprise my wife for Christmas . Now I have to reorder the right model from another vendor . To me , this was a deliberate act of fraud .
 I read all those 5-star reviews like it 's about some other tool , really.I got mine about a year ago . Laid around 800 sqf of solid 5/16 oak with it.NOT A SINGLE PLANK WITHOUT A DEFECT . Absolutely terrible.Only about 30 % of shots are quite successful . About a half is where staple just gets barely sticked into the plank . those are easy to extract . Much worse if staple get jammed in the tool , you dont really see that , and it looks like a good shot on the plank . So with the next shot this tool will make a fancy knot from 2 or even 3 staples , screw the plank . Very often it fires two staples at onse , making nice knots again , very hard to get rid of.During the year I tred several makes of staples , adjusted all possible things , but no good results still . I thought my tool is broken , so rented the same from small outlet . It worked no better . Yesterday I went to Home Depot to try renting from them . They said that tool worked SO PURELY that they do not rent it out anymore . They also said that most customers returned it without job done . Sort of relif for me : -RRB- This tool was absolute disaster.Why it / apparently / worked for the others and not for me ? Dunno . May be my solid oak planks just too hard.I owned/used a number of other staplers , and this one gets ` the worst ' prise by a huge margin .
 Can not believe I waited almost 2 weeks for an LHF 97-125 & got a LHF 2025 . Amazon listed the product as a 97-125 , I ordered a 97-125 , the invoice says 97-125 & I got a 2025 !!! I have a job pending on this special gun & the 2025 is not what the manufacturer says to use ... what 's up with that ... ! I will be contacting Boston Industrial tomorrow to see why they sent me what I did n't order - without even a heads up !!! On the positive side , they did make full restitution however shipping and all ...
 It will staple engineered flooring down but be prepared for more than a few bent and twisted staples . Unless you apply heavy pressure against the flooring the bent staples will damage the edge and you will need to remove it . Perhaps I have a lemon and you will have better luck than I did . Hope it works better for you than it did for me . Update , the stapler failed before I finished the job and I ended up buying a regular staple gun which strangely worked better once I honed my method .
 shipping and handling cost more than the part ? Deceptive photos of brackets . I have been taken . Go to a big box store so you know what you need and what you are getting . First time on Amazon I feel ripped off . never again .
 It was cracked in 1/2 when it arrived . I 'm surprised anyone gets it in one piece , junky product . I would n't waste my time .
 We bought this as a birthday gift and when it was opened - it was broken inside the box . I am glad I also purchased a strobe light or the kids would have been so disappointed ! And , instead of being able to exchange it - you can only return to amazon from this seller and there was no way to conact the seller to have them send us a working one .
 I received a broken item from the seller . This is the first time I received an undesirable product from Amazon and I will think twice to order something in future.I needed that item for a special occation and somehow managed to glue the pieces . I did not return this item to the seller.Krish Mukhopadhyay
 Like a few reviewers I , too , had difficulties with the included bulb . I finally found a place that carried the bulb , screwed it in and eagerly turned on the machine to make sure it worked . The light came on in a pleasing glow then immediately popped into a cloud of smoke . When I unscrewed the bulb I noticed the socket was totally damaged . Could have saved myself a bulb had I double checked that first as the cause . Reordered a different model directly from Amazon . Hoping it arrives in time for daughter 's slumber party Friday night . Bummer .
 I would not say too much ... It is just disappointing ... It is not only a bad product with low quality but it is too expensive .
 after i recieved the product , the main seam was seperated on the ball , the little colored lenses were rattleing around inside the ball . . took some time to fish them out of the ball ... . so yeah it was defenatly broken when i got it . .
 I read the reviews and decided to by this item anyway ... . I recieved it with no instructions and no reciept inside of the box . I 'm an online shopper and this stroke me as odd ! Took the ball out of the box and set it on top shelf of my 20 monthe old baby 's TV stand . I have cathedral ceilings so when I turned it on , I absolutely loved it its projection ! However , when I returned to my baby 's room in a couple of hours to check on him , I noticed the ball had stopped rotating !!!! I tried turning it off and then back on . It started rotating again but the rotation got slower by the second and shortly after , it stopped completely ! It seems to me that the power generator is n't strong enough to rotate the big ball ! I need a replacement and I hope the ball will be inspected before getting shipped out to me . If it was n't for the defective malfunction , I 'd give it 4.5 stars taking half a point away for the cheap quality of the item ...
 Bought it for a small band gig we are gon na have . The package comes really secure and , as usual , amazon has been great with the shipping . The real problem I had was the bulb was n't turning on THE FIRST TIME I tried it . The rotating ball is working so I figured out I just got a broken bulb . Bought a new bulb -LRB- bulb description at the bottom does n't match the actual bulb you will need -RRB- . Still would n't work . FML for throwing the box right away . Now I have this in my garage , useless
 This lamp has become my lighting nightmare . It started with me buying this lamp from a different vendor than Amazon last summer . That vendor had a better price but never shipped . I had to stop my credit card and dispute and all that fun . I turned to Amazon as it was listed as in stock and I TRUST Amazon and sure enough , thanks to Prime , I had my lamp 2 days later . It cost more but I had it.Next I started to build it . Unboxing it is a symphony of cardboard , Styrofoam and strapping tape . It is a holy mess to get all the parts out of the packaging . The Styrofoam breaks apart into tiny pieces and goes everywhere . That done I start to build it . I do n't get very far when I discover one of the hollow screws that braces the shafts together is 1/2 inch too long !!! It 's a custom part and not findable in local hardware stores . I really wanted to keep the lamp so instead of the nightmare of repackaging it and shipping it back to Amazon , I called Adesso in NYC to help . I got Maryann in the customer service department and started our long journey together . I described what my problem was and she sent out the part she thought I needed . It was not the right part . We further discussed it and she contacted her builder in China and we waited while they sent the part . That took a few weeks . When she got it she called me . By her description of what they actually sent her I knew it was wrong . We had conversed numerous times while waiting for the part and she was very frustrated with the supplier . She then ordered a new whole lamp sent to me . Wow ! That should be it ! They could n't make the same mistake on two separate lamps . This was in early mid November and the lamp was due in the second week of December . It actually arrived on the 19th just before a trip I had planned for the holidays . I verified the bad part was now correct and set it aside for after the trip.Upon returning home I built the first lamp using the good part from the second lamp . In doing so I discovered the top glass from the first lamp was chipped and used the good glass from # 2 . Upon completion of the assembly I raised the lamp and immediately noticed it leaned . About 5 degrees to the left . OH NO !!! My heart sank . I rechecked all my joints and they were tight and good . I disassembled and built lamp # 2 just using it 's parts . I raised it and it leaned the other way !! Also , the on/off switch was mounted in the device upside down and the housing for the two switches RATTLES ! Oh my God!I 've talked to Maryann again and told her . I 'm going to send her pictures and probably post them here to when I take them after the new year . I do n't know if there 's anything else she can do , it 's a bad design . I have a similar Adesso lamp in my bed room that I got from The Home Depot and it 's fine . It 's why I bought this one . Well this one is just plain awful .
 I bought this lamp because it had all the features I was looking for ... HOWEVER ... the quality is very flimsy and poorly constructed . For $ 166 I expected something more sturdy , but it is what it is.I have this in my nursery next to the glider . I love the dimmer lighting , the reading light , and the shelf . Although I am not too sure the shelf can handle much more than a glass of water . I have it standing on carpet and decided to use a wire wall mounting bracket to make sure the lamp does not tip over . If it was placed on a hard surface , maybe the leaning/swaying would n't be as bad.Next time I will read the reviews ... as I am now noting that others have experienced the poor quality .
 This tool pocket is just nigtmare.It is colored or something and color is on evrything.I even wash it 2 times and color is still coming off ,
 This light is nice , but it is not made very well . The pole that it hangs from did not screw in straight . You do n't realize this -LRB- it looked fine on the ground -RRB- , until you get it hung . It was a slight angle , but any angle of a light hanging down is not pretty . No way to fix this as it appears the threading was off . When taking this down to return , it is next to impossible to unscrew the post to repackage without ruining the pole . Also , the plate that goes up by the ceiling is very hard to get on and this is what holds the light up . It screws in on two sides which does n't give much room between the ceiling and where you need to hold the screw driver . Also , this is very heavy so you need someone capable of holding it up for a while while you line these up .
 I purchased 50 grit rather than 60 grit we normally usebecause it was represented as a pack of 10 at a savings of over 90 % . We received only 1 belt and upon contacting MSC , the supplier , we were told to contact Amazon who in turn told us to contact MSC ... . Have not followed up to date . We have installed the 50 grit belt and are w/o any back up when it fails.If it sounds too good to be true , it probably ...
 First , I 've been a Leatherman customer all my life . I 've owned many of the tools Leatherman has made . Recently , a heavily-used Supertool gave up the ghost , and I decided that I 'd get myself a TTi as a replacement . I ordered a nylon sheath TTi with Gift Tin direct from Amazon . And , because of the `` frequently bought together '' box on the site , I ordered the clip and lanyard loop , thinking it was a bit chintzy that they did n't come with it in the first place.The TTi arrived in scratched , lightly used condition . That was a little disappointing , but I did n't really care , as it was intended for use and would get scratched anyway . If I 'd been intending to collect it , or if it had actually been intended as a gift , I would have been upset , but in any case , a new tool really should be new , not a return or refurb . Then , I found that the clip and lanyard are included in the box already . It 's asinine that these appear in the `` frequently bought together '' box on Amazon . So far , I was displeased with Amazon.Now , part of the reason I bought the more expensive TTi over a Wave is because of the S30V blade . Imagine my surprise when I opened that blade and found it to be garbage . It looked like a drunken monkey had put the finishing grind on the edge with an 80 grit angle grinder . It was very coarse , very uneven , wobbly , and fugly . I have never seen such a poorly ground blade outside of high school shop class . Even a $ 5 flea market special from China will have a smooth , even , regular grind . Why in the world an expensive American made tool would look like this is beyond me . And totally unacceptable.Next , I played with the sheath a bit . It has a nice feature that allows you to holster the tool in the open position rather than folding it up every time . That 's a great idea
 I recieved the item and the first thing I noticed was the fit and finish was not what I had expected . The S30 blade seemed to have a dull finish and was not a razor sharpness I expected . It is also very stiff when opening but this could be because it 's new . I would of kept the item unitl I noticed the locking mechanism on the saw did not work . I decided to return it . For something that costed me over $ 100 and list for $ 160 I expected it to have a better finish and have no flaws.I am a avid leatherman fan as I have the kick , which is nice , and the surge , which is awesome . Huge , but awseome . I have not had any issue with either of these models . I may try another charge or maybe a wave or skelton tool . Not sure yet .
 As other reviews have stated mine came used . There were tips missing . The tips in the unit were wore . The knife looked like a teenager tried to sharpen it . The tip was blue from getting too hot . I have carried a Surge for many years -LRB- do n't leave home without it -RRB- and wanted to try the Charge . I expect better from both Amazon and Leatherman .
 I have purchased many of these tools over the years and have always been happy with them until now . I baught two of the charge tti leatherman tools from amazon and they both had problems . The first tool had problems with one of the release clips on the outside of the tool . It is continuely getting caught or jammed . Not a big deal really but you do n't expect this on a $ 100 + tool . The second charge tti from amazon had a problem with the end of the file where you use your finger nail to open it . The tip was slightly bent on the file and the saw blade opened fine but would not close propperly because it is not straight . Also both tins that these tools came in were dirty andhad dents in them . I am just unimpressed with these tools considering that leatherman tools I had purchased in the past did not have these flaws . I would send them back but , I doubt the replacements would be better . The quality control at Leatherman does not appear to be there anymore . If Amazon wants to step up to the plate and send me pre-paid mailing labels I would probably return them . Otherwise I guess I will probably give them away as Christmas gifts .
 The Charge TTi that I received was stuck on one side so the bottle opener and screwdriver would not open or lock correctly . I understand that titanium can be difficult to work with , but something like this should have never made it past quality control . A defect like this is totally unacceptable , especially on a Leatherman that costs over $ 100 . I am very disappointed and will be returning this tool immediately .
 J.A. Brony here , For some reason or another the last two I got from Amazon were refurbed and or used . Both my original and the Amazon replacement . The blades were scratched up pretty bad , the rip saw had teeth gouging , the screwdriver tip was worn , I could go on , , , , For $ 100 it should be in excellent condition.If your tool comes in weird funky shrink wrap your in trouble.I bought 3 of these and mine was the only one not in a cardboard sleeve with shrink wrap . The other two packaged as above , were fine.I 've e-mailed Leatherman - I do n't expect to hear from them
 With RV water pressures being low on DC pump use this does not work that well . I will keep it as a backup . I recommend the narrow adjustable jet sprayers or less spray holes for DC voltage pump use .
 We bought this as a replacement for one that came with our 2002 RV . The original had never been used until recently when we found that it leaks when the valve is off . The new one appears to be the same manufacturer and even leaks the same way ! Too bad since we 've had a hard time finding a lightweight and compact sprayer with an on/off valve .
 Bought this shower head/hose for RV replacment . Hose is not very flexible and already has permanent kink in it after 1st use -LRB- inner shealth is metal -RRB- . Waste of money .
 Falta de informacion de el hardware y software hay que dedicarle mucho tiempo para un funcionamiento regular es mas sencillo el uso de x10
 I use one of these to set timers for a couple of lights and it works fine for that however it also decides to turn on the lights during the day and no matter how many times I download timers it does n't fix .
 My experience with this device was horrible . It took weeks to get it to work right , I spent hours on the phone with tech support who could n't figure out why . Finally the `` master tech '' spoke to `` the designers '' and they sent me some software update which made it work . However this was after 2 replacements that all failed to work -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- Even once it workd it turned out that the software is incompatible with Vista.And when I had to wipe my XP computer and wanted to reinstall it , I found that all software download link were removed from smarthome 's web site , leaving me with a useless wall wart.BUYER BEWARE
 No instructions to show how to put the battery in . there is only an elastic band that goes around head instead of the additional adjustable strap
 I wanted a moth trap thta would work against fabric eating moths , not food eating moths.I did not know that there were two different kinds at the time of ordering.I was disappointed when receiving my order to find that they were not the same kind I had previously purchased at another site .
 this is being sold for 5-8 dollars on most of the internet . word to the wise , buy this somewhere else .
 I used the pest control product for cloth moths . I placed several of these around my house , 1 in each closet , ect. , but none of the 8 traps have caught any moths yet . Its been several weeks since I put these out in my house . I would recommend trying just one box , and see how that works for you . I unfortunately ordered several boxes at once hoping it would help , but so far , these havent caught any moths yet , but every coule days I see one or two still flying around the house .
 This products is terrible and ineffective . We placed several around our home and only caught 1-2 moths in each . Get the pantry moth trap in the red and yellow pack . It is wonderful . Moths multiply so quickly that you need a powerful attracting mechanism to get rid of them .
 Compared with another brand this was not very effective . It did not attract more than 5 moths in a moth , while another one was very effective .
 The trap worked well when it came with a square bait package that was fit into the back slot . The bait was changed to a square pink piece that sticks to the inside of the trapIt is compltely ineffective . Moths fly all aroound the pantry . infest boxes of food , and never go near the trap . If you trap a moth in there yourself , it doesnt stick to the glue , and flies right back out.I have made this known to the Safer mfg. co. as soon as they changed the bait but they have done nothing.We have wasted about $ 100 on these traps in the past year . Have found nothing to replace it since other companies are using the same kind of bait .
 I have been buying the Pantry Pest Trap for years , and they used to work very well , effectively luring moths with the provided lure and trapping them in liberally applied sticky adhesive that coated the entire surface of the inside of a well designed cardboard trap . The lure used to fit into a slot on the back of the trap , and the edges of the trap bent upward and in , to make it harder for moths to get back out . Well , a couple years ago they changed the lure to a little piece of pink rubber or plastic that you just dropped onto the sticky area . I immediately noticed that the lure was n't NEARLY as effective as the old one was . Additionally , edges no longer bent upwards , and the sticky area inside the trap had shrunk significantly , so moths could escape more easily . I just bought a box a week ago , and I never will again . While they have kept the box the same size , they have shrunk the sticky portion to such a small area , these things are n't going to catch much of anything . Of course , I guess that may be the point - since these wo n't hold many moths anymore , you 'll have to replace them more often . I 'll be looking for an alternative , because they are n't worth wasting anymore money on .
 I bought and installed two of these traps 8 days ago . Let me report on the results so far . The traps have caught exactly ZERO food moths yet I killed 62 in that time myself . I am willing to believe that the product I got was `` expired '' or `` defective '' in manufacture ... but it is disappointing to say the least .
 Followed instructions exactly ! The pantry moths were flying around me and never went near the trap . One moth was on the wall and I put the triangle trap over it and the moth did NOTHING ! Just waited until I moved box . Was not attracted to trap at all . I am returning it .
 I have never given a 1 star before but after 2 weeks these are useless.Last year I bought catch masters on Amazon and they worked fine . I bought these at Home Depot and they worked for about 2 weeks . Today I noticed moths walking on the `` glued surface '' with no sticking at all . Caught maybe 8 moths before losing stickiness . Am going to buy the catch masters again and throw these away . Someone suggested buying fly paper and putting the trap on that .
 I have used traps of this kind before with perfect success . I found out about this kind of trap when a few years ago , an exterminator came to the apartment I was living in at the time and left a different brand of the same style , and it did the trick . All of the moths were gone within a few weeks . So later on in a different apartment I bought this kind of trap , and again they worked . From my previous experience , I know it can take a little bit of time before the moths begin to find the traps , and then they would flock to them until they were all gone . I have now bought two boxes of Safer traps , and all of them have been sitting around different areas of my home for nearly a month , and the moths are still all around , minding their own business , completely uninterested , and I am sure the continue mating and expanding their numbers . I 'm definitely not happy about that . Did something change about this product , or had I bought a different brand the last time ? Could n't possibly recommend this brand given my recent experience .
 Took 3 weeks before they caught their first moth ... and by no means has it eliminated the moths . Wo n't be trying this product again .
 I think the pheromone encouraged breeding ... I swear there are now more moths than before !!
 I set the traps out , one in my pantry closet and the other one out in the open and after several days not one moth was in the trap and I was still killing them on my own with whatever I could find handy to swatt them with . These things are worthless .
 I had a bad infestation of pantry moths and tried this brand but was very disappointed to find that the area where the moths stick is very small even though the cardboard trap is as large as the other competitors traps . The sticky area fills up with moths and wing scale very quickly and then is totally useless even though it is supposed to last for three months . Poor Design ... . I guess they want you to buy a lot of these . Check out the other brands . The best I found are the Pro-Pest Pheronet Brand . It is here on Amazon : Pantry Moth Traps - Set of Three
 This trap does not work . The glue on the trap is n't sticky enough to capture the moth so the little critters fly in and out of the trap but rarely get stuck in it . The absolutely fly in ... . that part works fine , but then they fly right out so it is n't very satisfying.Traps with strong glue/stick work great ... but this is n't one of them .
 I was hopeful because I was sick of killing moth after moth . I have never before had this problem but was gone from the house for 2 months and came back to a bit of an infestation . I have gotten rid of all food and completely washed down the whole thing walls shelfs everything . I still get 2-6 a day on the walls that I kill , not one ever went in trap . I am not impressed . I do n't know if I should try a different kind or look for a different method . Based on my experience I would not recommend .
 I 've tried this product several times . It just does n't work for me , as for so many others . I 'm an avid baker , and hate moths . These ` traps ' can be up for weeks , and not catch a single moth - while I see moths in my kitchen ! I put in another brand , and the trap fills in a week . Sorry Safer - maybe you need more product development ?
 I usually use the Catchmaster brand traps , but saw these in the store and thought I 'd give them a try . While they have the same design as the Catchmaster -LRB- basically a cardboard triangle with a sticky interior and a scent lure to attract the male moths -RRB- they do n't work nearly as well . In the same cabinet , the Catchmaster trapped over a dozen moths ; the Safer only got one.I 'll be sticking -LRB- sorry for the horrid pun -RRB- with the Catchmaster from now on .
 Bought these from the local hardware store because the house was infested with indian moths . The traps come already assembled and the adhesive is already exposed . Set these up in the kitchen and pantry and came back and saw the moths left brown tracks on the adhesive but managed to escape because who knows how long the trap has been sitting in the shelf . There is no protective cover on the adhesive to peel off like other moth traps on the market and so the adhesive is not very effective in adhering to the moths . Will be trying Catchmaster traps since the adhesive has a protective backing to be peeled off when ready to use .
 I had been using Pantry Pest traps successfully for years . Recent purchases have n't worked at all ! I will not buy them again .
 I have tried everything to get rid of these creepy little flyers !!! Peppermint oil ... nope ... bug spray ... nope ... bay leaves ... nope ... soap and water ... nope ... thowing everything away and storing everything in glass sealed jars ... nope ... freezing everything that comes into this house ... nope.So I found these stupid little traps . So I buy them ... follow the directions ... and put it in my cabinet . The pantry moths would fly all around the trap ... like they were really excited ... Eager to get rid of these little buggars I sat and watched the trap ... One flew in ... landed on the sticky tape ... fluttered around a little bit and was gone . He never stuck . So I checked the trap and stuck my finger on the glue it was sticky alright . So I thought maybe he just got lucky . So I watched the next one ... he did the same thing !!!! I was LIVID !!! How in the world am I going to get rid of these things ? So I figured ... just leave the trap up and see what happends . 3 weeks later -LRB- they say replace every 3 weeks -RRB- I checked the trap ... . NOT ONE MOTH WAS ON IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! What the heck ???!!!! There where a bunch of black / brown marks on the tape ... but not one moth . BOTTOM LINE
 Ths item does not work . I even sent an email to vendor to explain proper install of lure -LRB- in case I was installing it wrong . Never heard from them again . I would definitely not recommend this vendor or product
 Save your money or buy another type , because this type does not work.Home Depot sells them for less .
 Should have listened to the other reviewers . Big mistake . Moths started flying around when I opened it , but it has been 4 hours and only one has entered the supposed death trap . I have like 20 moths chillin ' two feet away . Obviously I have a major moth prob , and I know it only captures males , but really ? Only ONE male ? I do n't think so ... maybe the strip is too small or not strong enough . I am trying another brand . Along with the other long term measures of course .
 The area that traps the moths is quite small and I do n't believe it attracts the moths as well as others I have used .
 Since we are experiencing a pantry moth infestation , I feel qualified to rate traps . Of the three brands that I have tried , Safer is the least effective .
 Length :
 I have a bit of a pantry pest infestation and ordered this product with high hopes . I received the package and quickly set the trap up with the pheromone luer.Next day I eagerly went to check on the trap and there was one little moth stuck to the inside of the trap . I then realized I had left out a bowl with water 3 feet away from the trap and there were TWO dead moths floating on the water.A couple of weeks later and the trap has that only moth inside and there are numerous other moths flying around the kitchen.Very disappointed !
 I was unimpressed by this product . When I put this product out on my counter , the moths looked a little dazed and confused . Most flew near the trap , but less than 10 percent got inside the trap , near the sticky part . The rest just kept flying around the kitchen . I also tried placing the trap inside the cabinet -LRB- with everything removed -RRB- with similar results . I would find moths within inches of the trap , but none inside .
 I do n't see any results ; I ordered this supposedly to kill clothes moths ! I placed the traps within 5 ft of area where moths have eaten holes in my T-shirts
 Safer
 The Pantry Pest did not work . The sticky adhesive missed most of the moths !! I actually trapped a moth in the triangle and it hit the sides of the trap -- nothing ! It bounced off them like it was super moth !! The lure is tiny and did not attract many moths . I would try other things first before buying this .
 We had few moths hanging around on the walls , swatted them but each day another couple of moths again , no larva found.Bought the safer brand pantry pest trap . When I opened the box the two traps had the lure pkts stuck in the traps ; I had to pry them out of the sticky stuff and then open the lure packets . Suddenly 5 moths swarmed around me . I set the traps as instructed , saw one moth fly near the trap ; one went in and came right out . The others just swarmed near the trap but never went inside . I had to kill them myself . Then I took the other trap out of the pantry closet because it did n't catch any moths after three days . I put that trap over the kitchen cabinet and immediately one moth showed up flew around and went in and did not come out . Three days later no other moth went into the trap . I have n't seen as many moths as before . In the meantime I 've checked cabinets , drawers , vacuumed and went over most of the kitchen . No larva , just a couple of dead moths in a pot cabinet . For now I ca n't say the traps worked well .
 I have many `` pantry moths '' . This safer brand product does not attract any of them . I am very upset because the other safer products that I have used are outstanding ... this one is a let down ...
 Repeat . I more recently ordered new traps for a second home . The old traps were full of dead moths ; I have thrown them out . But I do not have one moth in two `` new '' traps . I am still being shipped OLD DEFECTIVE products -- while moths fly around.Earlier review
 It doesnt work !!!! I based this purchase on the reviews . I set it up in my kitchen and watched the moths walk on it without even getting stuck . Most were not even attracted to it . First time amazon disappointed me . DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 Three weeks after putting out Four traps , we caught exactly FOUR moths in the traps . We killed another THREE DOZEN by hand . If these four were the ONLY males , it must be a happy life for them , i.e. , if they do n't get caught in traps ...
 I picked this product up at my local Ace Hardware store . I had high hopes for these traps , but they simply are n't working . The lure seems to work , but I have n't found one moth in either trap and they have been in place for three days now . The moths do fly around the traps and walk inside only to come right back out . I do n't know if there is a problem with the glue or not -LRB- I did n't want to test it by touching it and compromising the product -RRB- , but I do see tiny flecks of something on the glue pads . It 's very frustrating to be out the money for these traps since they do n't seem to be working . It 's even more frustrating to see the moths still flying around .
 So disappointed , it read so well , but its been sitting there for over a week now and my abundant moth population are completely ignoring it ... Indeed they are having a party less than a metre from the trap as if to tease me ... . I 've resorted to hoovering them up daily ... . do n't waste your money !!!
 I have returened the item because it did n't catch any Moth Fly in 15 days while another brand I got on the same purchase was filled with stuck Moth Flies . -LRB- SpringStart BioCare -RRB- is the best . it keep catching more and more Moth every day .
 these traps were really disappointing . The traps were not sticky enough . There was evidence that there were moths in the trap , but they escaped .
 They work but the sticky area is about half of the size of the trap . You also must put their '' lure '' on this sticky area so unlike other brands that come with the chemical already in the sticky part you can not cut the trap into a few smaller traps and put into a few places . I found Pro-Pest brand better because all the inside surface is coated and treated and because of that has twice the moth catching and holding capacity . You can cut this brand into two or three smaller traps and place in a number of locations . I have done this and it seems to work just fine . That can save you some money .
 Well , it attracts moths well , as indicated by the `` powder '' marks on the tape . On the other hand , it has yet to trap even one of them . I think I can hear them laughing at me right now .
 Want to add my voice to the negative reviews here . My family brought home some moths in store-brand brown rice and have been battling a minor infestation ever since . Minor in that we 've kept them down to only one or two living moths visible at any given time ; less minor in that the larvae get into / everything / before we find them.Before Safer , I had used another brand , which was reasonably effective , catching several moths in a two-week period . When I returned to the hardware store for another box , they were all out , but had LOTS of Safer brand traps . Now I know why.The sticky patches are small and not very sticky . I 'd take the trap down and see black smudges on the stickum that said a moth had landed on it and then flown away again . In a couple of weeks it had caught one moth , and there were obviously others flying around elsewhere.I returned to the hardware store for another package of the first brand -LRB- I am not remembering the name -RRB- and informed the manager of the store that this worked very badly . I hope he will watch out for his business and cease to stock these money-wasters . Sadly , they seem to be the only brand stocked in most places .
 I purchased 3 brands of `` pantry pest '' type traps . The `` Pro Pest '' brand FAR EXCEEDED the `` Safer '' brand . Right now , `` Pro pest '' has 40 moths on it . `` Safer '' has NONE ! I am a researcher , so trust me that I have controlled the performance environment of each product
 We used Pantry Pest for several years and it used to do a good job of controlling the occasional infestations of flour moths , but they 've changed the design of both the box and lure and now they 're crap . The adhesive , while nice and sticky , has been shrunk to two tiny patches and the lure is a thin rubber square that you toss onto the adhesive instead of the former round packet . The moths do n't seem too impressed with the little square and neither are we . I 'm trying other brands now , the Springstar one has generous adhesive and a square that seems to actually work for instance , Catchmaster is next . No more Pantry Pest for our house !
 Does n't work and I have four of the traps set up all around the house . The only moths in the traps are moths that I had caught and thrown into the trap out of frustration .
 I bought the Safer traps and Contech traps at the same time . I followed instructions and waited . The Safer traps , after 4 days , have not trapped a single moth . The Contech traps are almost full . I placed them next to each other to see if it was the positioning , but still the Safer traps have not worked.I could understand if it only trapped a few , but none ?? We have a terrible infestation of moths and I 'm not pleased at all that apparently these traps have been changed , which is why there are previous good reviews.I 'm sending them back .
 I bought some bird food that was infested with moth eggs . By the time I found out , my house was full of pantry moths . Tried vacuuming , cleaning , swatting , and spraying , but the little guys just kept multiplying . I saw these moth traps at Home Depot after I had ordered another brand on Amazon . I picked up two traps at Home Depot . The next day , I also received the other brand from Amazon . The Safer brand caught 4 moths in an entire day . Since that time , all 4 moths have gotten loose and went on the prowel . The sticky pad does not work . The other brand I bought is full of moths . The moths just swarmed to it immediately . The moths flew around the Safer moth trap , but very few of them actually entered the trap . It is designed just like the other brands , so it puzzles me why the moths will not enter the trap . I set the Safer and Biocare moth traps in the same room . The biocare worked so well that I have to order more to replace the two that are completely full of moths . In the meantime , I will leave the Safer moth traps in place just to see if they will catch any moths with the other traps removed . So far , after a few hours , the traps have not caught one moth.I seen the good an the bad reviews on this brand . Thought I would try it . Evidently , it is a quality control issue since some people have good results , and others ; like me , have had no results whatsoever .
 This product did not work . I think 2 moths got stuck to the trap and that could have been by chance ...
 I purchased 8 of these and had to give a star otherwise there would be none but I did learn a lesson . We had a massive number of moths appear almost overnight and our house was full , they were everywhere . A white ceiling looked dark there were so many . I set these traps out and in four days I caught one -LRB- 1 -RRB- single moth . I do believe it was an accident on his part taking a wrong turn and getting stuck inside . I would not try them again having checked locally finding them 30 % cheaper before shipping . So look at your local hardware stores but not for these I would n't hit a dog in the back side with these . Ask what is good and in a day you will be moth free . We bombed the whole house and vacuumed them up . End of story .
 I have two of these in the cupboard where we have a moth problem . The moths are not well attracted to this trap . Previously I used a trap from a seed provider . It was many time more effective than this one is . I 'll go back to the other seller .
 I bought these traps and had no luck whatsoever . I had loads of moths and I had used another brand , which worked very well , but that brand was no longer available . Then I bought this brand and it did n't catch one moth . I used one trap with one square of pheromone . I followed the directions completely . In other words , I do n't think the problem was me . I have to wonder whether these sat on the store shelf too long . Anyway I took them back to the store and got my money back.It might be hard to return these if they catch one of a hundred moths and are therefore used and slightly successful . Fortunately for me they did nothing.I now have another infestation and need to do something about it , but I do n't know what I 'll do as I need a product that is 100 % successful , else the remaining moths will replicate .
 I purchased these at a local hardware store . The lure works , but the glue does n't hold the moths .1 -RRB- Upon opening the box , I discovered the traps are already pre-folded for use . The glue is exposed to the air with no plastic protective covering . This is different from every other trap I 've used . All 3 boxes were like this , so it appears to be the norm for this brand .2 -RRB- There are two lures included and they are packaged individually . That 's great if you do n't want to use both traps at once . Most brands package them together.I noticed that approximately 15 moths were flying around the trap within the first 5 minutes . They were clearly very attracted to the lure . But , two days later , only 1 moth was caught . The glue sides were covered in moth dust , which I assume is from the glue escapees.It was n't a total waste . I used the lures in separate bottle type trap , which worked great .
 Literally does nothing but take up space . Bugs walk around and are not even remotely interested in stopping in . I 'm not sure if the `` lure '' even works . I also do n't see how they would actually stick to the box ... does n't seem sticky enough .
 The attractant part of this works almost instantly . Within seconds of opening the pouch the moths were swarming . The sticky inside the trap is 100 % garbage ! Not a single moth got stuck . I watched them get their wings and feet ` stuck ' only to easily free themselves again . The sticky is covered in dusty wing prints , but there are none actually stuck . This product gets a 2 only because the attractant made it easier to squish all the moths .
 Like of nowhere , we suddenly had two or three moths in our pantry every morning . Hence , we set up the two Pantry Pest Traps directly inside the pantry and left the doors open for two days . Surprisingly , moths kept flying or resting under the shelves and not a single one was attracted to the lure . They totally ignored the traps and not a single one got caught . In my opinion a very bad investment at over $ 6 for two useless traps .
 These have caught hundreds of moths in the past . But the last ones are NO GOOD ! I have traps set out and the moths are flying around me ! These no longer work . Do n't buy these .
 Amazon should be ashamed of selling this and there are probably a whole bunch of people in China laughing at the people who buy this product . We bought these as a replacement for older moth traps that actually worked and I ca n't believe the difference . The attracter square is tiny and does n't attach anywhere while the on-the-trap folding instructions tell you to put it in a non-existing place -LRB- I have an idea where they should put their traps -RRB- , and the sticky trap material is again , virtually non-existent . Total crap . Buy these to send to someone you hate who has moths .
 These traps have caught nothing but dust . I would not recommend this product to anyone who is experiencing problems with meal moths .
 I must preface my review with the point that I 'm not sure if these were out of date ; I do not have the best of faith in the seller from whom I bought them . If they were not extremely old , however , I would say they are not very powerful or effective . When I have purchased other moth traps -LRB- I have tried four different brands -RRB- the pheromone pads always have a distinct odor immediately upon opening the packet of the most effective ones . These exuded no smell whatsoever . Also , the better ones begin catching moths immediately . A moth circled the vicinity of this trap for a good hour without feeling enticed enough to go inside . The next day , not one moth is in the trap . Finally , the sticky surface inside the trap is not the stickiest I 've seen and does not cover the entire inside of the trap . Definitely would not recommend .
 Please do n't buy this product because it does not work . The glue is very weak and the moths just fly in and out of the trap .
 this product did nothing to trap moths . I followed directions and put four traps in a small room and days later no moths were caught .
 They sent me a Drill Doctor DA31325GF 100 Grit Sharpening Wheelby Drill Doctor instead of the Drill Doctor SA01751PA 1/2 '' - 3/4 '' Large Chuck . I do n't know how to get hold of anyone .
 It is almost impossible to determine if these wall supplies and holders are solid or plastic . Even the spec sheets do n't always tell you . So I will let you know that if you are looking for solid brass do n't buy this item as it is plastic and weighs almost nothing . I ca n't imagine this holding up to constant use by putting a heavy shower head in and out of it . And it is very expensive for a piece of plastic . I will keep looking .
 I HAV HAD THIS PUMP AND HAD TO RECEIVE REPLCEMENT PUMPS . THE NEW REPLACEMENT FAILED OUT OF THE BOX . CAN NOT GET ANYONE FROM WAYNE TO RETURN CALLS OR EMAILS . SPENT OVER $ 1,500.00 ON THIS JUNK ! PROBABLY WHY THEY DO NOT SELL IT ANYMORE ! I WANT MY MONEY BACK !
 THIS ISP50 PUMP WORKED WELL FOR 2 YEARS AND 6 MONTHS.ONE DAY , I HEARD THE PUMP ALARM GO OFF AND COULD NOT RESET IT.OPON FURTHER INVESTIGATION AFTER LOOKING INTO THE SUMP PIT , I FOUND THAT THE TOP FILTER HAD FALLEN OFF THE PUMP . AFTER REMOVAL FROM THE SUMP PIT I FOUND THAT ON THE CAST IRON PART OF THE PUMP IN SOME PLACES THE RUST AND THE SCALE WAS 3 INCHES THICK.THE RUST JAMMED THE PUMPS IMPELLER WHICH CAUSED IT TO FAIL.THIS ISP50 PUMP LOOKED LIKE IT HAD BEEN IN THE ATLANTIC SINCE THE 17TH CENTURY.WHAT CAUSED THIS FAILIER IS GALVANIC CORROSION.THIS HAPPENS WHEN DC CURRENT IS PRESENTED INTO THE WATER . -LRB- THE IMPELLER IS ALSO THE ARMITURE IN THIS 24VDC MOTOR -RRB- . TO PREVENT THIS FROM HAPPENING A STRIP OF ZINK HAS TO BE PLACED INTO THE SUMP PIT WITH A COPPER WIRE ATTACHED AND CONNECTED TO A EARTH GROUND , THIS SHOULD BE CHANGED ONCE A YEAR.MINERALS IN THE WATER WILL SPEED UP THE CORROSIVE EFFECT . -LRB- DIRTY WATER -RRB- OF COURSE THIS INFO IS NOT IN THE MANUAL.THE PEOPLE AT WAYNE SENT ME A NEW PUMP -LRB- WSS30 -RRB- , AFTER I PROVED , WITH THE RECEIPT THAT THE PUMP WAS STILL WITHIN THEIR 3 YEAR WARRENTY.THE ISP50 COST WAS $ 899 AND THE WSS30 WAS UNDER $ 450 I TRIED BUT COULD NOT GET THE DIFFERNCE IN A CHECK OR A CREDIT.THIS PUMP CLEARLY HAD A DISIGN FLAW , AND CAN ONLY BE USED IN FRESH CLEAN WATER ... WHAT SUMP PIT HAS FRESH CLAN WATER?KEITH
 Received this pump -LRB- S/N 2065 -RRB- today . It would not run . Problem was traced to the GFI -LRB- ground-fault-interrupter -RRB- plug , which was inoperative . Replaced with a normal plug and the pump now runs.Upon disassembly the inside of the GFI plug is found to charred and smells of cooked electrical.I will use this pump with my replacement plug . This is easier than returning it .
 The pump does not work after 1 month of intermitent use . The gasket in the bottom was installed wrong and water got up into the motor . The motor is now locked up . Pump area is fine , but shaft will not turn without a socket and ratchet . Usually get 2 years out of a pump .
 After reading a purchasers review I find that this is a reconditioned unit . Then I read the item description and near or at the end I find that info . Really !! That info should be in the intro , not at the end ! Amazon has a catagoty for reconditioned stuff so why is n't it there ! Every once in awhile something opens my eyes and increases my distrust of those I have trusted . Come on , Amazon . Put this product where it belongs ! Good product or not , I wouldn 'd buy .
 the item has worked fine but i didnt like the way it was represented nothing about it being a factory reconditioned unit till the very end was my fault for not reading every detail but i still feel it should have been presented at the begining not hide away after the order form , was my first amazon buy and if i ever use it again well read every detail to the very end
 Watch Out read the all of the the write up on the the pump at the very end it will state Factory reconditioned then look at the photo of the product nowhere do you see Factory reconditioned on it but wait til you open the box instead of utilty pump you see Factory reconditioned , this is very missleading by Amazon thats the reason for the 1 star not for the pump that 's for Amazon .
 No where in the description of this product did it mention rebuilt , remanufactured , or refurbished . The pump came in a box that was beat up , had newspaper stuck in the outlet hole , and had a hand-written note on the cover of the owners manual . Clearly not a new pump , but I needed it and installed it . It did n't work either . Not Happy ! I buy alot from Amazon but this is the second major issue I 've had this year and ca n't help but wonder if they no longer require high standards from their suppliers . DO N'T BUY !
 The wayne water pump sws50 failed after installing . I only ran for 5 min . then kicked the circut breaker . There must be something wrong with motor . I pur chased the pump to replace an aging pump that still worked so i was able to reinstall old pump . I did not get the pump installed right away . There was was 35 days from time of purchase . So i called the warranty hot line at wawne water pumps . they told me to send it back to where I purchased it . That any time I had problens with this product i would need to go through amazon . I called amazon would not send me another pump just refund my money and i may not get all of it back , because I was past 30 days.What a hassle I do n't know if I will purchase large items again if manufacturer is going to give me a hassle about warranty because of where I purchased this item .
 Not really worth $ 250 ... `` leaves '' are just cut from flat sheet-metal , not all the candles are exactly vertical , and the chandelier i received was missing a hook for one of the crystals .
 The light arrived and was missing a few crystals . I contacted the seller for a few replacements and was told `` we are only an ecommerce company , we do n't have parts '' . When I pressed them they then said , I was past the 30 days I had -LRB- it took me about 60 days before I opened the box and hung the light -RRB- . They were no help at all . So I called the manufacturer -LRB- World Imports -RRB- and they ultimately offered to send me a few crystals . I had to push pretty hard though as they wanted to to return the light and reship another . Well , I had the thing hung already . Just a huge hassle . Also , the wire they provide to hang the crystals has to be rigged and bent . I ended up going to Michaels and buying an earring post and made my own . All that being said , I think the light is very pretty especially at $ 150 . The one star is for the seller not standing behind their product .
 ... which is that the allen wrench provided fits the sets screws . Other than that , it 's almost worth tossing . You 're not going to be using these in any hand drill and , at the drill press , make sure the bit is absolutely centered in collar for least wobble -LSB- still going to snap -RSB- ; forget about oak , maple , mahagony ... stick with soft pines and poplar . Spring for the extra $ 10 and get the HSS ... or spring for the extra $ 20 and get a real set .
 I have already had one bit bend under normal use and I do not like how quickly these clog up .
 I 've depended on Petzyl Tikkas for daily use for years , and did n't even understand how there was variation between them , considering they are named the same . But this one does not have the button for 3 light settings -LRB- hi , lo , blink -RRB- , it just has on/off , which for me is too bright for reading with new batteries . It also is somehow made with inferior machining -LRB- or mine are bad luck -RRB- because for 1st time this one does n't provide steady light , but occasionally flickers a bit like the connections are iffy . Which is more irritating than it may seem . Not like a candle , more like a constant reminder to swat your head and see if the thing gets fixed . So , go for the slightly more expensive Tikkas that have the button , not slide switch , and have never in my history of owning 6 flickered .
 I have not seen it let alone use it ! One month after ordering the battery it has not arrived ! As of this moment , I 'm pretty disgusted with the whole process . This is the first time ever that I have ordered something , paid for it and have NOT received the item .
 The battery I ordered is the one shown , the battery I received was the same battery that came with the drill when I bought it . I was in the middle of a project when my old ones went completely dead . Shipping took a little longer than usual , so when it finally came in I just accepted it and completed my project . I should have returned it , but I did n't , that is my fault . Just beware when purchasing this battery .
 . . at least not the wire I got ; it 's soft and highly flexible , I 'm pretty sure it 's aluminum . Does n't say anything about steel anywhere on the package . . will return it .
 The description says it 's for clotheslines , but the label says it has toxic , cancer causing chemicals and to wash hands after touching - definitely not appropriate to be rubbing against our family 's clothes ...
 This set of lights was much smaller than I expected . I 'm not sure if I did n't read the package right or it is just small . They worked fine .
 I purchasesd this last year , 3 pieces , I expended to have another 3 pieces this year , looks like quality issue , 2 of three pieces has problem , 1/4 of the lights does not work on each piece , Do not know if I will buy this next year .
 I bought 4 boxes of these lights and in every case , only 1/2 the lights would light up . Awful product .
 Well , I was expecting them too much maybe ... today I got my net lights , and could not wait to set 'em up , I still pretested them before to put them onto bushes.Then trouble come.When I plugged them on , I noticed both of them got 1/3 portion not work -LRB- they are at the same part -RRB- , then I kept checking and searching , found out one of them missed a bulb , that 's not too difficult , so I added a new bulb on from those backups.But , another one , up to now , I still could not figure out what 's happening ... All what I could do is to check and check and check by eyes though , I worked on that almost the whole day ! Then I was thinking , I might have to buy some light checker for this net light or what?Anyway , they are thoughtful to give some backups though , so I gave two stars .
 I ordered this chandelier for a small bathroom . I was very pleased with it when it arrived , but when my husband tried to assemble it he found that the parts did n't line up correctly . It was impossible to assemble and we returned it . Happy with Amazon 's return policy , though .
 I was looking for a small white chandelier for my hallway and in terms of size and style this is exactly what I wanted . Unfortunately the first one I ordered had chipped paint as did the one I exchanged it for . I decided to keep it despite the chips and will touch it up myself .
 I bought this item and it arrived incomplete ! I had to use an old pieces of equipment -LRB- prior lighting fixture -RRB- to install the item . I tried to return but Amazon stated it could not be returned only exchanged . I also found I could n't leave feed back for Amazon items , Very upset !
 Shipping was fast and packaging was good . However , I was n't impressed with the product . The beds are scuffed up and as soon as I plugged it in , a light bulb blew . It 's smaller than I was thinking it was gon na be . Just disappointed ...
 I purchased this chandelier for my daughter 's room . I am decorating it with a shabby chic princess theme . I saw this chandelier and thought well for the price I ca n't go wrong.The description should be dingy white with yellow and brown streaks throughout the base . Because the crystals are clear plastic they have no sparkle . The plastic crystals against the dingy white base just adds to the cheap look factor.You may get away with placing this in a little girls bedroom room since it kind of looks like a toy . I would however go with another color or count on spray painting this dingy white . I would however strongly advise against purchasing this for any other room in your house . It will scream I am trying to impress but my pockets can not afford it . You 're better off getting a used nice chandelier from somewhere else or spending an extra hundred bucks.I will be returning this item , because it looks like a cheap bargain store item . I would rather put an extra $ 90 and get a nice chandelier from Lamps plus than use this cheap imitation.I have looked over this item several times since it has arrived in hopes of it looking better . It gets cheaper looking every time I look at it . If you want to change an elegant room to a cheap discount dollar store looking room instantly , then this is the product to buy.I have added pic of the yellow and brown steaks on the chandelier base .
 Item arrived quickly and was well packaged.Bought this light fixture for our daughters room . It 's cute but the larger plastic crystals are too big and so they all hang close together and overwhelm the overall look/feel of the light fixture making it entirely too gaudy and cheap looking . The same goes for the matching table lamp .
 This chandelier was a joke ! It actually gets no stars ! It was horrible looking and reminded me a lump of plastic all meshed together . I sent this back faster than it came !!!! Do n't even attempt to purchase this item . What a waste of time !
 Chandelier came in bent and it was shipped that way . Horrible material and cheap . Very small chandelier to be priced for $ 70.00 USD . Would not recommend . If they would sell it for $ 20.00 it would be in that catagory for cheap range . ! The Picture makes it look so pretty and worth it . However , it is very deceiving .
 I bought this saw just to have a handy second saw in the garage . I figured the storage case would be handy , as it would be on the shelf most of the time . The storage case is pathetic . It takes longer to figure out how to put the saw back into the case than it does to go out to the shop and get my other saw . I 'd give the case a negative star , the saw is about a 2 star .
 I own 2 portamate 7000 and was attracted to the cool power strip incorporated into the stand . on both of them the extension arms have broke . On both sides ! Also there is alot of play or flex in the flip up stops which makes them inaccurate . this product is not worth the money .
 I thought I had done a resonable amount of research before buying this , but I guess I screwed up . I was really dissapointed with this purchase . Sure , on paper , it looks like you get a lot for your money but there are issues . I sent mine back.PROsIt looks like you get a lot for your money ... CONs1 -RRB- Arrived damaged despite being shipped in two boxes . Why ? Because a number of those orange colored pieces and catches in the picture are cheap , brittle plastic . They virtually crumble on sight . If they do n't break during shipment how long are they going to last ? 2 -RRB- This thing is heavy , with a crude design . Lots of heavy sheet metal . It has that ` agricultural ' feel about it which is common with a lot of tools made in China . -LSB- The steel pins that hold the legs in place fell off twice when trying to set this thing up - they 're just held in with a spring . Even when up the bench still wobbled - strange , considering the weight of the thing . -RSB- 3 -RRB- Difficult to move around . Sure it has a skinny wheel at the front but the bench is pretty wide , long and cumbersome when folded down . It makes it naturally unstable and difficult to balance . Try wheeling it around on even a smooth surface and you 'll realize you need to use both hands . It 's like pushing a six-foot long wheelbarrow along a tightrope . And you can only really push this thing - you cant 's drag it unless you want to walk backwards . Trying pushing it over rough ground - forget it . Oh , and that wheel - the hub is also made from the same crapola plastic .4 -RRB- Difficult to carry . Most of these portable benches you can pick up with one hand . Try it with this one . Sure it 's heavy but it 's also wider and longer than most making it unwieldy to move around . You 're going to spend most of your time patching and repairing the things it bumps into as you move it around . And for more fun , try to drag it up a set of stairs!Overall I would not recommend this . You could spend less money on one of the many alternative products and get something that is not only better engineered but more portable and user-friendly .
 I think this device is too heavy and bulky and not very stable to transport with a tool attached . It is OK once at jobsite , but should have a sidwalk or driveway to roll it on . Very unstable on grass . On construction site it would be a 2 man task to get it into wokplace . Just not what I thought it was going to be . Porter Cable device would have been a better choice for me .
 I have not purchased this product yet and at this point probably will not . HTC appears to no longer be in business . The phone number listed on their web site and in the product manual has been disconnected . Amazon customer service can not contact the company also . If any of the tools you intend to use with the product have offset mounting holes -LRB- not inline with the mounts -RRB- , according to the product manual you must purchase kit J-104 that provides brackets to mount the tool to the supports . Amazon does not carry the kit and at this time it seems impossible to purchase the kit.The fact that the company appears to no longer exist also does not bode well for obtaining any warranty service . I also question how long you will be able to obtain pairs of mounting brackets for additional tools.This is very unfortunate because this product seems to fit all my needs and none of the other stands available seem as versatile.This product looks to be headed in the same direction as the Betamax .
 I just recently purchased the pm7000 . . I am a general contractor that mostly works on churches around the country . I saw this at a harware store and like several of the features that this stand has . I decided to try it and purchased the stand here on amazon . . I have just returned from my first job using the stand . . right out of the box the plastic end caps where the extension arms come out where cracked on both sides . . by day two one had fallen out . every time I move the stand the plastic inserts on the miter saw holders fell out . . and today when I went to take the saw off of the stand the clamp handle to remove the saw broke off in my hand . . If I had realized how much plastic was holding this thing together I probably would n't have purchased the stand . . it does have some great features but what good are they if it 's broke ... I used the stand for 5 days and cut a total of 40 2x4 's and a couple of 1x4 's over the course of the week . . very light work for me , many of the jobs that i work on we cut thousands of boards over the course of a few weeks , I will not be taking this stand with me on any of those jobs as it would probably be useless after the first day of hard labor ... do n't buy this stand it 's junk ... . even if your a homeowner and do n't want to spend a lot of money ... but the ryobi before this ... . use a couple of saw horses instead . . save your money ... anyone want a slightly used portamate ? : -LCB-
 I just received my Portamate and put it together . I would not have bought it if I had known it was made in China . It is exactly what I would expect for a Chinese product of this type . Poor quality and worse directions for assembly . Other reviews I have seen say it comes with wheels attached . Mine did n't and I 'll be at Lowe 's later to get the clips to hold the wheels on . The plastic door was broken along with the plastic side panel . These things would have broken eventually because they are so cheaply made.If you want a decent quality tool for your $ 250 buy something else .
 Within six month the extension arms stick and the fail to support any material . They drop about three inches below the saw height . Not worth the money . I try to buy local but it is net worth the time wasted .
 I do n't write many reviews but , for the amount of money I wasted on this product ... . I am motivated ... please do not waste your money on this stand . If they try to give it away do n't take it . First of all the wheels are going to fall off and second the pins that hold the legs in position will fail and fall apart . Then you will just try to give it away to the customer where you are currently working and if you 're lucky he 'll take it off your hands and save you a trip to the dump.Sorry if I 've already written a review on this product but , I have lots of stands and other tools but this thing really was a mistake.The Bosch t4b is worth a million if this thing is worth a nickle . I know I 've owned both and junked one .
 Packaging is terrible . For the heavy item the packaging is pretty much useless . Item came dented and box was extremely damaged . Extremely dissapointed on product and WOULD NOT recommend to ANYBODY . As a matter of fact it was easy to open the box as it was already partially open due to the poor quality of the packaging.Returned item
 This stand is very affordable however it does not stand up to daily use . I am a remodeling contractor who needs his tools to be able to take a variety of setups and lots of movement from job to job . This stand does not hold up . It is poorly constructed and cheaply manufactured . I was hoping it would be great considering the cost but after using it I am willing to pay more for a higher quality stand . Good luck !
 I purchased this stand to support a 12 '' Hitachi sliding compound . On the third occation that I used it , the right rear leg lock gave out . If I had n't been thinking quickly it would 've cause serious damage to a $ 700 tool . Now since the lock does n't function at all this thing is worthless to me , even if I repair it I 'll never trust it . And , forget about trying to move your saw aroung with that cheap little wheel , the extending roller assembly or leg brackets will dig in , it really is a useless feature.I 'm a union carpenter with 30 years of experience and a fondness for quality tools . Anyone reading this should consider any stand on the market other than this one , you 'll be happier and perhaps save yourself some money.OK , after I bashed this product in my review , I contacted the folks at HTC and they were more than happy to send me the parts to fix it , free of charge . So , there is something to be said about their customer service department .
 Ordered this lamp and expected it to worth the 4 star rating it had.When it arrived the lamp would n't even light up on either the low or high setting.Overall the lamp looked dirty , and the counterweights looked like they had been reattached using a hasty superglue job ; leaving residue all over the metal.Returned this lamp . What a waste of time .
 I opened my lamp , and it was already broken . that 's why it gets a 1 starthe lamp itself , i love it and im glad i got it , but getting it broken in the mail is ridiculousincluding the fact that i would have to pay for shipping and packaging to get a new one , its just too much
 These wrenches are the worst I 've ever used - they arrived looking like they 'd been used by someone with dirty hands - both sets were that way . The chrome plating is poor . Even Harbor Freight wrenches are superior to these , and they are clean when you buy them .
 The Pope 's Ultimate Double Tool Holster is phenomenal . This holster is very aesthetically pleasing and has quite nostalgic feel to it . It is quite durable and fits a small flashlight and multi-tool very securely . The craftsmanship is excellent . Although the clasp is not as functional as I would like it to be , if you 're looking for a well made , nostalgic looking holster , this product is a sure way to get some compliments .
 A nice holder for a quick fix but I needed something that holds a couple of more tools .
 In addition to the drywall screw bag , you always need your pencil , razor knife , phillips screwdriver and black marker . This handy sheath hooks to the front of the screw bag or onto your belt to keep these items at your fingertips . Really worththe cost !
 bought this item , hooked it up and `` NADA '' . Gon na try and contact the seller and return the item for another one.Contacted the seller , shipping me a new item.they sent me a new torch works great , great hoses length.works great on weeds
 Generally well made . Major problem is that the belt snap loop is designed too small to go around the manufacturer 's own tool belt strap , so you must hang it off your regular pants belt .
 I bought the rear guard about a year ago . I REALLY liked the style.I wore it all the time but it startd to tear along the edge.I work for the usps so i had them order me another one . I though I just got a bad one . Well to my suprise the stiching on both sides riped at the first pocket.The green ends.This area nees to be beefed up . Thankyou .
 The size listed says this light is 18 , yes I did say it says eighteen inches . That is the size I need . Now when it gets here it is only 12 inches . Misrepresented is the only word that comes to mind . I am contacting Amazon to find out about this . Since this is obviously not the same as the one I am replacing -LRB- too small -RRB- I am not unpacking this light till I get a response from Amazon . It is a nice looking light .
 This light comes with a bulb that is a terrible color . If you want to get a better bulb , they cost more than the fixture itself . The light works and it does link together nicely , but the yellow brown color of the light means it is turned off nearly all the time .
 Picture has Made in USA on it . Blade is actually made in China . I guess they shut down the factory here . I bought it but never opened the case once I saw that the blade was not made in USA . I pay less for made in China stuff even if it performs well , because I know the costs are lower .
 If you want a tape gun for 3 '' 72 mm tape -LRB- extra wide -RRB- , this is not it . Instead , get the 3M H183 model tape gun .
 I bought this doorbell button at Home Depot -LRB- they sell the exact same thing at Lowes under a different name -RRB- It looks great and by looks alone it was exactly what I was looking for , however I returned it because the two plastic pieces that are used to mount it are poorly designed . The directions say they are supposed to `` snap '' together ... no such luck . I went back to Home Depot and exchanged it with hopes that maybe I just had a bad one ... I guess the Heath Zenith quality-control person was out sick that day because neither one worked.If you 're not willing to spend $ 30 for this -LRB- $ 25 for the button and $ 5 for super-glue to fix what Heath Zenith did n't -RRB- , you might be better off looking for another doorbell and another brand.Pros
 Housing is made very well , has a nice weight to it , but that does not apply to the base of the button which is made of plastic . If installed on an uneven surface or flashing that bends , the notch and a tab on the base do not snap together as they should . A redesign of the unit that eliminated the troublesome base would make this a very nice doorbell button .
 The description of this item is extremely misleading . The lamp shade is not made of glass , but is plastic . Since it is plastic , it is necessarily not `` hand leaded '' either . This item should be pulled until the product description is revised to reflect the actual quality of materials used in the lamp .
 I totally thought this lamp was beautiful , which it is-BUT if this lamp is glass and not plastic I 'm a monkeys uncle , come on how mis leading . Also I know the colors can differ but really lacks color .
 As the blade enters the siding , it begins to vibrate and removes chunks of the siding . Therefore , the cut is not very clean .
 UNION CARPENTER - as a union carpenter we use hammers daily and I 've bought many vaughan hammers . The hammers swing well and feel good but ... . Every single one of their framing hammers have an issue with the heads falling off within 1-2 months . The california framers and blue maxs are complete garbage as far as I 'm concerned and you would be better off spending more money on somethng else . Even as a union member they would not contact me back about their product and it 's issues . DO NOT BUY VAUGHAN .
 Head of hammer came off 2 weeks after purchase . Amazon would not stand by warranty and requested I contact manufacturer who after 10 attempts never returned my-mail . In fairness do not buy this product the head will fall off and there will be no one to take care of the lifetime warranty
 The hose squirts water out from the brass coupling behind where it is fastened to the spigot . A big waste of water .
 I would not reccommend this product as any normal human being knows it promotes racism . What is wrong with America ? It is a disgrace to ALL races !
 The basin of the sink does n't totally drain of water and has to be wiped out every time you use is . This is a design flaw as my previous sink of the same size did n't do this.Crane Plumbing 1618V-100 Carla Self-Rimming Drop-In Lavatory Sink , White
 Very cheap product . Installed into a rental after touching it up . They have the same size at Home Depot cheaper .
 great looks and quality , BUT it was never mentioned that it was for women so the fit makes your finger really numb and hurt as soon as you wear them.perhaps consider 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear .
 After plugging in one of the nightlights into a lit room , it instantly came on . I did not expect it to light up since the room I plugged it into was lit . It seems you have to have direct light shining on the nightlight for it to turn off - it would be nice to be able to adjust the sensitivity of the light sensor.The bigger issue is that after the first night of use one of lights stopped working . After unplugging and plugging the nightlight back in , it flickered on for a split second and stayed off -LRB- in a dark area -RRB- . With that being said , the light they give off is bright but muted and would have worked well in our hallway had one not stopped working . I did not see much difference between the high and low light setting ... it would be a little too bright for a bedroom even on low . Shipping back to Amazon -LRB- not being charged for shipping , and UPS picks up where they delivered it -RRB- .
 Purchased a two pack of these night lights hoping they would be what I expected . Unfortunately , they were not . Neither one of the photo sensors worked and the lights both stayed on in a brightly lit room . I returned these promptly for a refund .
 The light works well for me , the one that actually works that is . There are two lights in the package and one worked . For $ 10.95 it is n't worth my time to return it . I 'll just see how the working one does . The product description says the light lasts 100,000 hours . Mine turned on when put in a wall socket and went right out Lasted about 2 seconds . I wo n't buy another one .
 It 's hard to believe that no one else mentioned this in their reviews , but when the light level transitions to where the night light kicks in , there 's a period where it flashes on and off , creating a strobe effect . It 's otherwise a fairly good night light , but the strobing effect is pretty irritating when it does happen . We bought two packs , and all four lights do this .
 I was disappointed when my order arrived , and neither of the lights worked . I should have been more thorough with the reviews and seen that many other people had this problem as well . I 'll be returning these and finding a new one .
 I chose to buy these night lights over others because one reviewer stated that the night light started off dim when room begins to get dark and gets brighter as the room gets darker . This is not the case . The night light is either on or off . There is no gradual brightening as the room gets darker . If that is what you are looking for , do n't get these . Aside from that disappointment , they are fine .
 One light worked and the other did n't . Made in China . What quality control ? I suppose with all the shipping and handling things can happen but I would think the electronics would be simple and solid . Not worth the time and effort to pack up and ship back . Also , appears glued together so can not take apart and examine to fix if possible .
 Love the lights especially the frosted lens but 3 out of the 4 I bought have failed and do n't work anymore within 2months . Called company and I have to return the items to them for the replacement - ridiculous since it costs as much to send the lights to Maxxima than to just go buy a new one . In short , Great Product but poor quality control .
 I recently purchased the Maxxima 2 LED Night Light with White Lens -LRB- Pack of 2 -RRB- , and unfortunately I had the same quality control problem which several other customers have highlighted in their reviews of this product . The night lights are quite bright -LRB- which I wanted -RRB- and the soft white shades provide a nice quality of lighting . HOWEVER , the first time I plugged one in to the outlet , there was a flash and the smell of smoke - the night light shorted out and was dead . The second nightlight worked properly , but a 50 % faulty rate is unacceptable . I also would agree with the other customers who commented that the `` High '' and `` Low '' illumination settings are not very different , the `` Low '' setting should be much dimmer than it is . Until the quality control issues are resolved , I would not recommend purchase of this item .
 I purchases 6 of these lights a few months ago . Of these 6 only 5 worked . One `` blew up '' when plugged in with a flash and a spark of electricity . I should have learned my lesson , but I did not . I ordered another set 2 lights and only one of these worked . A 25 % defective rate -LRB- 2 out of 8 -RRB- is entirely too high for any quality merchandise . I would not purchase this product -LRB- or others by Maxxima -RRB- until I have some assurance that they have solved their quality control problems . Not surprised to see `` Made in Chana '' on the reverse of the package .
 This product is visible when light shines off of it , not as bright as a solas type tape . When I bought it I was expecting it to be hardly seen during the day , and visible at night so that it didnt look tacky when sewn onto denim . The price was great . It doesnt look like much material in the package but its enough to cover any minimalist job.Now for the color that I was expecting to recieve , a stealth black reflective tape that is visible with light but nearly invisible during the day . Well , it 's not as advertised the reflective side is more like a shiny gunmetal color and the backing is what you get that is stealth black.I recommend purchase to anyone who wants a other than white or red reflective material , but do n't waist your time with this product if you truly want a stealth black look .
 Piece of junk . Noisy , low pressure , poorly made . Sent it back and bought a Mikita compressor . I am now very very satisfied with the Mikita compressor .
 When I received this item , I was surprised to find it had been dropped and had a nickel sized hole in it and also a large crack . The item was advertised as refurbished , but had no paperwork , instructions or guarantee enclosed . While it appears that it works fine , I feel the seller misled me by selling it as refurbished instead of damaged ; also reported that it had a factory guarantee but no proof of the fact .
 They do what light bulbs do ; light up.They are rated for 1,500 hours . I have installed several of these bulbs in an Ikea floor lamp . They consistently break after 1-2 months . At most , I estimate these bulbs to last for no more than 350 hours . Glass goes dark , then one day they just do n't light up anymore , suggesting they perhaps heat up more than they 're rated for.For the price , they 're not worth it . Unfortunately , I have not been able to find cheaper elsewhere , so I just bought two more . Next time , I 'll probably buy a new lamp , with different kind of bulbs .
 used about 3 of these over a two year period , although in partly shaded places , and never caught any YJs . The reusable rescue trap -LRB- which I guess i am having trouble finding in stores now -RRB- worked fairly well . I did use water as per instructions , however . did not try the apple juice thing.Guess people do n't find this review helpful , that is OK . There might be regional differences or other poorly understood factors . Just my experience with the product . The YJ problem is so bad around our property -LRB- especially after mild winter -RRB- got stung several times this year and personally destroyed 2 underground nests , yet they are still around . Have heard they can forage for a quarter of a mile away . We live in one of the Gulf Coast states and maybe that is a factor . Maybe our YJs are smarter than the ones in other places , who knows . I have to try this again but will use apple juice mixture this time .
 I bought this because I have a horrible yellow jacket problem around my deck . I have had it hanging not far from their nest and have yet to catch even one of them . Worthless !!
 How did this product even get 1 good review ? Terrible , sat right next to a whole swarm practically that was coming to my pool to drink water every day . After 7 days , it caught NOTHING . Took it down and tossed in the trash . DO NOT BUY THIS , you will be disappointed .
 I 've had this trap hanging off my back deck for about 4-5 days now and have not caught even one yellow jacket ! I 've watched yellow jackets fly all around my deck and never even appear interested in this thing . About 2 days after I hung it up I got excited because one actually landed on it . I thought , `` Well , maybe it just needed to be up for a couple days for them to catch the scent or something . '' After watching it crawl around the entrance to the trap for about 30 seconds it flew away !!!!!! And it 's not like you can really mess up when it comes to setting this thing up . It 's just pop the top , add water , and hang it up . Very disappointed ! I have to admit though , my title is a bit misleading . The trap did a very nice job of catching rain water .
 My yard is being overwhelmed by meat eating , territorial swarms of hornets all over the place . I purchased two of these disposable Yellow Jacket Control traps to try in help trap & get rid of the big hornet problem that I am having in my area . I placed 2 of these traps out in my property about 2 weeks ago . I went out every day since then to see if these disposable traps were doing their job & catching any of the nasty hornets that were taking over my property . After 2 weeks of being setup , only one hornet was caught & trapped in one these worthless traps.I would not recommend the -LRB- Rescue Yellow Jacket Control Trap -RRB- for trapping & getting rid of hornets because apparently the hornets are not attracted or interested in this kind of trap for some reason . The attractant included for this disposable Yellow Jacket just smells like White Vinegar if I am correct . This trap gets an -LRB- F -RRB- grade for failing !!!
 I bought this product because of the postive reviews . What a waste ! Since I have captured 0 yellow jackets I wish I could give it 0 stars . I have moved the trap several times ; in the sun , out of the sun , etc but have not caught anything . I really have to think about those other reviews , maybe some of them work for this company .
 I followed the directions to the tee . It did not mention anything about diluting with anything but water.I set the trap out in the evening
 I know the difference between yellow jackets , honey bees , bumble bees , paper wasps , and bald faced hornets . It was yellow jackets that were harassing my hummingbirds at the feeder . With the originally supplied attractant I caught no yellow jackets in this trap . With Dr. Pepper I caught one in a week . Another bait might have worked better but the Rescue reusable trap with apple juice worked somewhat so I stopped using the one-time use trap .
 Product did n't work for me . I followed the instructions , even changed locations , but no results . There `` fly '' traps work great though .
 We had used this in the past . Got them locally at a hardware store , and they were incredible . Within a day the trap had a lot of yellow jackets , and it kept trapping them for a week or so . It was so effective that we stopped seeing yellow jackets in our yard . We used them successfully for two years in a row.The next year we ordered them online , and never had good result . We had a huge nest by one of our windows . We placed one of the traps far away -LRB- about 25-30 yards -RRB- and one very close to the nest -LRB- about 2 feet away -RRB- , and the most we trapped were fruit flies.The design is great , and it is very practical to toss the whole thing , wasps and all , instead of trying to wash them -LRB- like some of the other models -RRB- , but if the attractant does n't work , wasps will never get in the trap , defeating the whole purpose.Please bring back the old attractant .
 We hung the trap 2 feet away from a large wasps nest . After 3 weeks it had caught only two . In the end , we sprayed the nest with spectracide and that fixed the problem .
 I purchased this this product because I was having problems with yellow jackets . I opened all 4 I purchased and put them i my yard . That was well over a week ago . NOT ONE JELLOW JACKET in any of the traps ! This product does not work !
 The Yellow Jacket Control Trap gave me some hope that I would be able to do at least something about the scads of yellow jackets all around the house . Well , the yellow jackets completely , and I mean completely , ignored the trap . It 's only been successful in trapping a few gnats , but that 's it . I do not recommend getting any hopes up about this trap doing anything to mitigate a yellow jacket problem . One of the most annoying features of the product is the yellow jacket graphics printed on the outside of the bag which fool you into thinking , only for a moment , that it may actually be working .
 I 've had this up for a week and it 's got one yellow jacket . I notice that some people recommend apple juice , but the instructions say to just add water.I 'm very disappointed.I added some sugar today and possibly other ingredients in the future to make this more attractive.Their fly catcher is great , but this one works poorly for St. Louis yellow jackets .
 I followed the worthless directions and let set for a week hoping it would work . No such luck . Deployed in direct sunlight . As a testament to the worthlessness of this product , I could walk up to it and shake up the solution to lure yellowjackets ... All of this within 25 feet of the nest without attracting one single yellowjacket . COMPLETE JUNK & WASTE OF MONEY . I have used the more expensive yellowjacket traps by Rescue in the past and they worked great . Stay away from this one and spend the extra money of the replaceable traps .
 I have had two of these traps up near my pool . I have a ton of yellow jackets but have n't caught a single one in the traps . Do n't be fooled by the yellow jackets printed on the outside .
 Worthless as the YJ 's just walk out . This type of device is great for flies but really smells foul . Get the type like this for flies but use Rescue traps for YJ 's . Hornets are another story and there seems to be no attractant for hornets , except people . Stick with Rescue for YJ 's .
 Their old attractant caught TONS of yellow jackets so I am experienced with this trap . The white attractant has not caught anything except a few flies and crickets . The company is great however and has agreed to work with me if I continue to be dis-satisfied . I am giving it one more try and using apple juice this time instead of water .
 I bought one of these traps at a big box store . Installed in my front yard because we have a yellowjacket wasp nest near the front of the house and I wanted to get rid of them . After following the instructions carefully , and hanging the trap about 30 feet or so away , I am sad to say that it has not trapped even one wasp -LRB- or any other insect except 5 or 6 tiny flies -RRB- . After 3 days I moved the trap to another location closer to the nest , but a week later still nothing . So , I conclude that it does n't work and ca n't recommend it . Waste of my money , I 'm afraid .
 This product does NOT work at all . It is totally useless and ineffective . A full 4 days after hanging it , I have yet to see even a single yellow jacket in the trap , despite the fact that there are worker yellow jackets constantly entering and exiting an area of my property where I suspect there to be a nest . Do NOT purchase this product , for it will be nothing more than a waste of money .
 i bought this for my home . First of all it STINKs really bad . i dont even know how to describe it without making people upset . out of the entire time ive had it which is almost a month . it has only caught one fly and ive seen several go in and go out . maybe my flys just are n't big enough ... well anyways.i thought that since its reusable that it would save me money in the long run . . now i feel like i should have bought the other plastic bag like fly trap that does the same thing.im going to keep it maybe ill come across some huge flys that cant get out of this thing . . at least they stay by that and not in other places where i didnt want them.bottom line . buy the disposable one . it works better .
 I bought this and a refill pack to take care of an ongoing fly problem at work -LRB- indoors -RRB- . What you should know is this
 I have first used the disposable one of the same brand , which worked great and i guess i got cheap and want something reusable and i got this ... which ... doesnt work at all ? flies are n't even attracted by it at all , some flew over it , but never got into it . And the worst thing , i got the replacement thing for it as well , wasted a few more of my bucks.In conclusion
 The aroma was so bad that we could n't have it anywhere near the house , which is where the flies like to hang out . Put it out in the garden and the flies could care less .
 I have had this product sitting on my patio table for two days now and it hase n't trapped a single fly . It does seem to attract them though . I have seen two or three flys walking on the lid while two or three of them are landing on me . They walk in the holes on top and walk right out . I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend it . I will try to return it to Home Depot where I bought it and look for something else .
 I hung this from a tree outside near my chicken coop and it caught a great many flies . After a month it was looking pretty full and it stunk to heck and back . So , time to empty it . -LRB- I 'm retching just thinking about the words to write here -RRB- I unscrewed the base and left the lid attached to the wire I had hung it on - expecting to take it over to my compost pile and empty it . I could n't walk more than two steps with it without having to dump it right away and get as far away from that horrifying scene as soon as possible , in an effort to preserve my sanity . Vile . So very very unimaginable . It was crawling with tiny maggots and the quantity of dead flies in the liquid had become the most repulsive substance ever imaginable . I have a black mark on my soul from having lived through this experience . Please , do n't even consider using this .
 I hung this next to the disposable version of the same brand . The disposable trap was filled after a month , and I only got 3 flis in the reusable one .
 This product smells like a dead carcass . It LITERALLY MADE ME THROW UP when I put mixed the solution in the trap . The description is deceptive . There is no way this could EVER be used inside , let alone outside .
 First , I have no issues with the smell because I honestly ca n't smell it unless my nose is right up on it.Secondly , this product does not work well . I do n't know if it 's the design or what , but after a day , it caught exactly 1 fly . It 's been a week and there 's only about 10 . My first fly trap was Rescue 's disposable fly trap and it worked fantastic . After a month or so , it was full of those pesky disease carrying flies , not to mention all their children , the maggots . There must 've been thousands of them when it finally got full and had to go in the trash . I loved it.I went with this reusuable model because I was basically lazy . Since Amazon does n't carry the disposable one , I bought this because I 'd get it faster with Amazon Prime . I wish they would carry the disposable model because it works far better than this one.Another gripe I have is that after I unscrewed the bottle to check how many flies it caught , I screwed it back on , only to have it FALL off and spill the flies and bait on the ground . I thought I had screwed the top on tightly but it 's so poorly designed that it does not fix tightly . So basically the thing is useless now without the bait water.Doesn ' t matter anyways , because the flies would fly past it and enter my home instead . Since I got this because the front door has to remain open , the home was crawling with 100s of flies . I ended up having to swat them myself and woke up the next day with a sore arm.So as you can tell I do not recommend this product at all . Buy the disposable one and you 'll be much much happier and have less flies to swat .
 Bought this and `` Sterling NFT-D Disposable Fly Control TrapWith Attractant `` After a week this Jar had about 50 flies in it.The other , had hundreds.Only downside to the bag working so great is its pretty much already full after 2 weeks and I need a new one.Might just dish out the money for a bug zapper .
 The thing stunk so bad after putting the water in it , my wife made me throw it away . There was no where in the yard it could have gone without us smelling it .
 This was listed as working for fruit flies in addition to regular flies . After a week in my apartment I noticed no difference in the number of fruit flies -LRB- and none were visible inside it -RRB- so I am going to declare it not to work for fruit flies at all . It may work for normal , big flies , but not for fruit flies.The bigger issue is that it smells INSANELY bad . Like , it 's hard to believe how bad it smells . It nearly triggered my gag reflex both filling it and emptying it . During normal , sitting still usage , it still smells awful . You 'd come in the apartment and smell it immediately , even after a few days of it sitting still.Definitely avoid this for indoor use , and do n't get you hopes up about it catching fruit flies .
 We leave a bowl of food out for our outdoor cats , and it attracts a LOT of flies ... this fly trap has helped somewhat , but the results are minimal . The odor from the trap is absolutely horrific and unbearable . If you do n't have a bowl of pet food sitting outside , perhaps this trap will work for you -LRB- and definitely place it where you wo n't smell it ! -RRB- .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.I was absolutely in love with this product when I purchased it . It did what it said it would and actually exceeded my expectations . The problem was with what to do AFTER the trap was full.Cleaning the trap was likely one of the most disgusting things I 've ever had to do in my life . It was full of dead flies -LRB- obviously -RRB- , but also maggots . The smell was something out of a Steve King novel . I used 5 -LRB- read
 This product stinks like something dead and rotting . It stinks as far as function , also . After a full week in use , there are no flies in it at all . If you try to use this indoors -LRB- although it clearly states on the package that it is for outdoor use -RRB- It will make the whole room stink too .
 Green top does not hold the weight of the water well.Hung mine and yes the lid was on tight.Next thing it fell from green top and was all on the floor.Green plastic top does not hold weight of water at all .
 The bait did not seem to do the job . The jar seems to be adequate but I have used other fly traps that did much better at attracting flies . I intend to find a different bait and still use this container
 Sure , there are plenty of dead and dying flies in there , so in that regard it works . But it also attracts more flies than it captures . Pretty sure it 's luring all the flies in our neighborhood to our yard . The point was to be able to sit outside without having flies land on us and our food . We put the bag just far enough away from our patio that we could n't smell it , but its not that easy for a fly to figure out how to get inside it , so they swarm around it and then come find easier food sources like our meal . The fly problem is just as bad if not worse with the trap . Wo n't be buying again .
 I got this to reduce the number of flies on the patio when we eat dinner outside.Bottom line , it does not work ... flies were flying around all over , and not one went in the trap.I put it near the garbage cans for 2 days , and I caught 1 fly .
 I was so hoping this product would work but it does n't ! Save your money and buy a swatter for a buck !
 This product does a great job attracting flies , as for trapping them ... the entry holes are large and the system works on the premise that the flies will enter and then tire and die in the solution contained . The bait smells in the vicinity of rotting fish . Working on this premise I took a small sliver of fish mixed with a few drops of apple cider vinegar and derived a more effective trap from an empty bottle and funneled piece of paper .
 Caught one fly and man the attractant really stinks . I 'm surprised that more flies did not go to it based on how bad it stinks .
 I have used the rescue brad fly traps and they work well . Because of this I tryed the reuseable trap . I place this trap in the same place I have used the other traps and I had far , far , far less flys in the trap at the end of the week . I went back to the old style and started to catch alot of flys again . In short dont use the reuseable traps if you want to catch alot of flys .
 I had high expectations for this product . I used the RESCUE ! FTD-DT12 Disposable Fly Trap in the past and was very happy . I thought I would save money with a reusable trap but I was surprised . Flys are atracted and enter this trap only to be able to leave right away . I strongly recomend the ftd-dt12 disposable one .
 The bottle states clearly that it 's for outdoor use only and it truly stinks . I got it for fruit flies I had in my apartment and not only did it quickly stink up my whole apartment but I could n't get the smell off my hands even just after numerous washings JUST FROM OPENING THE AMAZON BOX!I threw it away because I felt like I was doing myself and my dog harm by breathing it in .
 I have been using these traps for many years , and have had great success capturing the Queens early on in the season . This year , the old liquid packets were not in any store in my area , nor on Amazon . I ordered 3 of the new units , and installed them in my traps . I have not captured the first bee , and now have several nests in my yard and lawn . IF found , I will purchase the old liquid form for the cotton balls , and use in the future . It was the only trap I have had work for me . My exterminator enjoys his $ 50 visits ! I 'll have several before this season is over .
 I have not trapped any yellow jackets in my trap . This review might be unfair as it might have been a different type of stinging insect in my yard .
 This item was not effective even following the directions . We had no results . Tried other products that did work , easier to use and less expensive .
 I bought both the cartridge and the trap and did not catch one wasp this year . I followed the directions to the letter and the trap has hung all spring and summer ... nada ! Darn it ! I was hoping to find something that works ! Very disappointing !
 I bought this lure and rebaited my Yellow Jacket Trap from last summer . We had a hot dry summer in Atlanta last year and were simply swarmed with the mean beasties . I figured that putting out the lure would snag the queens out flying around and prevent nests in my yard this year . The trap -LRB- rebaited -RRB- has been out for 3 weeks and has n't attracted a single queen ... or even a wasp for that matter . I got tons of yellow-jackets with hotdog pieces last summer and I can guarantee that hot dog pieces were a LOT cheaper than this lure . I will leave it out with this bait -LRB- said to be good for 10 weeks -RRB- and then go back to my tried and true hot dog bits . At this point , it looks like I wasted my money . I will update this at the end of the 10 weeks and see if things improve .
 Do n't get fleeced by their shipping charges -LRB- $ 45 shipping on a $ 50 order -RRB- ! Buy from `` Attic Truck '' instead . Product works great !
 I have used the attractant that gets applied to cotton balls -LRB- the one that lasts either 2 weeks or 4 weeks -RRB- for many years and it always worked well . It was just a PITA to have to replace it every 2-4 weeks so I was happy to see they had a cartridge that would last up to 10 weeks . Well , this year I put out the trap in early April because of the warm winter along with a new 10 week cartridge . Not a single Yellow Jack was caught in 10 weeks . I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a replacement . Put this one out in late June and again not a single Yellow Jack caught . Called the manufacturer and they told me the attractant is the same it 's just that the 10 week cartridge is bigger and contains more attractant than the cotton ball replacement . They also advised me that the attractant DOES NOT expire so one manufactured 5 years ago should work as well as one manufactured this year . While that might be their response , the Yellow Jacks do n't agree . I returned the second cartridge back to Amazon and got a refund . I then went to my local store and got the 4 week attractant . I squirted it on a cotton ball and hung the trap . The next morning there were 5 Yellow Jacks caught . Bottom line is ... If it worked , having a cartridge that lasts 10 weeks would be great . But if it 's not gon na attract a single Yellow Jack then I may as well not bother at all . There must be some difference the manufacturer is either unaware of or unable to detect cuz the Yellow Jacks certainly seem to be able to tell there 's a difference . Until I start reading posts that show this thing is reliable I 'll go back to the 4 week packages .
 Not a single insect in my trap ! The liquid I used before -LRB- the one you need to put on the cotton ball and insert in the trap -RRB- did work . Complete waste of money :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 Had purchased the trap in 2010 at hardware store . Looking for the refill cartridge , found it with good price on Amazon and purchased last year . Noticed that this product emits a strong odor , so felt that it was fresh enough . BUT did n't attract any yellow jackets . Reread the hints on the insert paper from the original trap and decided to try a half slice of deli ham . The ham immediately attracted and the yellow jackets were trapped . Tried again this year with the same results .
 Did not attract yellow jackets . Simply did n't work . None in trap after 4 weeks despite many flying around my yard .
 The attractant was dry when I received it . I placed it into the trap anyways and it has not caught a single yellow jacket in over a month . I would suggest going to a local store and buying instead of ordering from the merchants online .
 Ive used this refill product before with great results when purchased at a store . When ordering from amazon I received an expired product that was too dry to attract my targets .
 I wish I could get a refund . We put these near the nests and caught NOTHING ! Re-read the instructions several times to ensure we had done it correctly . Extremely disappointing . This product is worthless . Meanwhile , I 'm out $ 20 and I still have yellow jackets swarming my house and building nests everywhere . Save your money !
 I was up for 14 days and trapped 1 yellowjacket despite there being quite a few around bothering the hummingbirds . The original liquid attractant that came with the original trap caught about 20 over the course of 4 days .
 Got yellow jackets flying all over the place but not one has the least bit of interest for this trap ... waste of time and money .
 I bought this to help with wasps near my hummingbird feeders . I have yet to catch any using the bait which I also purchased . It might work well with a different type of wasp . We have yellow jackets and large red wasps .
 The Rescue Fly trap is good and we 've used them for years , but when we came to Amazon to buy refills of the attractant , we found out the hardway Rescue has `` replaced '' this item -LRB- shown as a 3 pack -RRB- with a new single pack version . This is a out and out scam . The original 3 pack listed sold here for $ 3.99 to $ 4.88 . But now the same single pack sells for the same $ 3.99 to $ 4.88 price . The part numbers are different , FTA-DB18 for the single pack and FTA-DT18 for the 3 pack . This ad shows and references the triple pack , DT18 , but you will only get the single pack DB18 . Since we can buy the single pak for $ 2.49 at home depot , it 's a waste of money to pay $ 4-5 for this one .
 This used to be the price for a 3 pack . Now it is the price for ONE . Seems like an error on someones part as you can buy the whole trap , attractant included , for less than one pack of this . Does work well .
 Rescue 's product works very well . Its only drawback is that as others have noted , the product stinks -LRB- that 's why it works so well -RRB- . Probably for that reason , they changed to a foil packaging and in doing so , switched from three per package to one per package . While they changed their pricing , some distributors , like Ace Hardware are behind in changing their pricing . I ordered a season 's supply of this three-pack , but they replaced it with the one refill per package . The effect was that they charged me over $ 5 each . I could have gone to Lowe 's and bought a Rescue disposable fly trap with the attractant for $ 5 . Do n't order this until they show that they are only shipping the foil pack of one each and change their pricing . Otherwise , you too will fall prey to their bait and switch .
 Used to be , you order the refill , you got three of them . I only got one refill at a price that I could have purchased a brand new trap for !! What a rip-off . The product itself works great , and for the savings of refills , it 's worth the stink . IF there are 3 in a pack . At this cost for ONE , you might as well get the disposable traps instead and save yourself some time & money - not to mention not having to put up with the odor !!! I feel cheated and lied to .
 We have a fly problem that appears to be bigger than this product can handle . Outside our side door we have a swarm a flies that I bought this product for . At first it seemed to be working however after a few weeks a strong smell started . I had to move it to another location & what I thought was a better location appeared to be worse . Great for catching a few flies but not several .
 Amazon gave refund so I am good with them but item received was not as described or shown in picture .
 Beware ! It is a wrong size -LRB- physical size -RRB- fuse . Does not fit my Sedona '06 even though the search tells it is -LRB- I plugged in year , make and model and the answer was `` This product fits your 2006 Kia Sedona '' -RRB- .
 I bought both the cartridge and the trap and did not catch one wasp this year . I followed the directions to the letter and the trap has hung all spring and summer ... nada ! Darn it ! I was hoping to find something that works ! Very disappointing !
 This trap has been in my backyard for three weeks without catching a single wasp . I followed instructions provided with the trap and the wasps do n't even fly near it . Do n't waste your money .
 We have had a yellow jacket problem for several years , so I made sure I used the traps -- I bought 3 -- properly . I set the traps out the first week in March and waited . We did n't get anything . When the attractant was no longer working , we tried more attractant . Still nothing . Then we tried hummingbird nectar , which attracted a few ants . We 're still trying the hummingbird nectar , changing it every week , without success . These traps are both expensive and worthless . Save your money . There must be a good trap out there , but this is n't it .
 I bought 4 of these traps for our farm market . We were having a terrible time with the bees . We received them right away and put them up immediately . That same day my father-in-law picked up some of the cheap traps that fit into a soda bottle and we set them up too . Wow , the soda bottles had at least 50 bees in them by the end of the day . The lousy Rescue traps had zero !!! Get the cheap ones - save yourself a ton of money - use cola - hopefully it will work as good for you as it did for us . Our customers at the farm market could not believe how those soda bottles were working !!!!
 I agree with Working Mom mom , this trap only caught so many wasp ! Now they 're completely ignoring it ! Meanwhile , they 're worse than ever ! I had to buy a couple of flying insect strips which seems to be working better ! I do n'tthink I will be ordering this item again !
 One in the back works . The one in the front of the house does n't . Annoying is the fact that these things do n't come with a short spring to hang them with . If you do n't have any string around the house , well ...
 I am floored by the good reviews of this product . I want to start by saying that our deck is completely swarming with yellow jackets -LRB- and they are definitely yellow jackets -RRB- and this trap did not catch ONE single wasp . I mean , not even one !!! They swarm around it so they should definitely be smelling the attractant ... guess it does n't smell as good as our wood deck . You might get it to work if you put other kinds of food in it , it sounds like a lot of people who are writing positive reviews said they altered the trap in some way . I do n't believe a product deserves a good review if it does n't work just the way it is sold ! I could n't help but laugh when i just read the instructions again and noticed it said `` make sure you put the trap up at night because the attractant is so strong it could be dangerous to hang when wasps are active '' LOL . Good luck with this one .
 I have three in ground yellow jacket nests . Day 1 I put this in a tree 30 ' from the hives and caught 11 yellow jackets . Since I was counting 40 yellow jackets a minute entering and leaving just one hive , I felt that I should have caught more than 11 in the first day . So I moved it to a tree directly over one of the hives . I let it sit for another day and caught 6 yellow jackets . Ehat a disappointment ! This trap does not work and is not worth the money . Buy a different product .
 I have had more yellow jackets in my yard this year than I ever remember . I bought two of these traps , set the attractant and hung them where they would not miss them . After a couple of weeks , the only thing I 've caught are some tiny gnat like flies . Seems like a total waste of time and money .
 I purchased 3 traps and this was one of the three . Out of the three different traps this has caught one and I say one yellowjack in a week . The others have had to be emptied at least once ... you do the math .
 I purchased 3 of these traps a week ago and have yet to catch a single hornet , yellowjacket , or wasp . I live in the farm country of north east PA and it seems that these hornets , wasps and yellowjackets make nests everyplace there is an overhang . We have a hard time just sitting around the pool and our patio . I followed the instructions and placed them around according to directions . Also , as recommended in the instructions I baited 1 with just the attractant , 1 with attractant and turkey and 1 with attractant and hummingbird liquid . I still have not caught any , I did catch an ant , and we are still being harrased at pool side . Do n't waste your money , I guess spraying is the only way to control them .
 Our yard was infested with Yellow jackets . After installing 6 of these with the better separately sold attractant we watched yellow-jackets fly around these traps for days without having any more then 3 or 4 actually enter the trap . After the full 3 month term of the attractant we used the trap maybe captured 30 to 40 bees out of what we perceived as hundreds flying around .
 a flyswatter and bug spray ! I also purchased and correctly applied the `` attractant '' as well as adding a small ammount of raw beef , replacing it every 2 weeks . As of today , I only caught 2 last year and none this year . They seem to just fly around it and then fly away .
 We had hundreds of wasps in our tree so I ordered one of these , followed the instructions and waited for the massacre . NOT ONE DEAD WASP after 3 weeks of use . I changed bait for 3 more weeks , nothing . I changed bait again and still nothing after another month . I half expected the wasps to build a nest around it . Bah , annoying .
 It 's clear to me after reading these reviews that the pheromone must be very selective for certain breeds of yellowjackets . It would be very useful if the reviewers would put the general location where they used the trap - so others would know if it worked on the yellowjackets prevalent in that area.I did not have any success with this trap in northern Maryland . Literally zero yellowjackets caught in 2 weeks .
 Have had probably around 200 bees flying in my garden by the side of my pool since my neighbor had his bee 's nest `` exterminated '' . He had it done during daylight hours while the bees were out of the nest ergo I now have bees . I wo n't say the trap has been completely empty , ONE bee met it 's fate , saw another one inside but it escaped -LRB- contrary to the product saying they can not -RRB- . I also purchased Rescue YJTC-DB9 Yellow Jacket 10 Week Attractant Cartridge from Amazon , thinking this was maybe a stronger attractant , but no . Now the bees are disappearing due to the colder weather in the Northeast , going into hibernation to return in the Spring . These 2 products were a total waste of money .
 Product did n't work for me . We have an inexhaustible supply of yellow jackets this year . Not one has entered the trap . I 've also tried ham rolls and raw meat in the trap . Neither attracted a wasp to the trap . Buy wasp spray ! ... I 've killed over 50 with the spray .
 The ` lasts for weeks ' attractant lasted -LRB- Drum roll , please -RRB- LESS THAN 24 HOURS !! When it worked , it worked great . But , right now I think I have paid about $ 1.00 per wasp . Not what I had in mind . The design is good . You can see if the wasps are dead before you take it apart . I did not trap anything other than yellow jackets . The plastic is fairly rigid . That it does n't come with a hanger of some sort is a downer . And , because of the design it must hang -- you ca n't set it on something . If , and that is a BIG `` if '' , I get some more attractant I am just going to put a drop on the cotton at a time instead of using the whole tube . Hopefully that will work better.Over all -- two stars .
 I live in a town -LRB- Corpus Christi , Texas -RRB- that holds the dubious honor of ranking tops in the United States in per-capita sales of aerosol pesticides . If it flies , bites , scoots , crawls , buzzes , bores , gnaws , sucks , or chews it 's here . In abundance.Add close proximity to fresh water and you have our place on Lake Corpus Christi . I 'd heard about these yellowjacket traps , and this one seemed reasonably well reviewed - so I 've given it a shot . It 's hung out in the carport at our lake place - at various spots in the carport , actually - through fall , winter , and spring , now - and been re-baited several times - and it 's yet to attract a single yellowjacket . Not a one . I laugh nearly hysterically when reading the cautions on the bait package that advise the handler , among other things , to not allow the attractant to touch bare skin -LRB- like the little suckers are going to attack you or something -RRB- . In the meantime I go through can after can of wasp and yellowjacket spray , knocking down at least a couple new yellowjacket nests every time we visit the place - one of them , the other day , within a foot of this trap.Save your money ; look elsewhere .
 Does n't work . The attractant is old and useless.I bought the exact same trap from a local store and that one catches yellow jackets just fine .
 The `` Phermone '' did not catch wasps , only these TINY flies . I am adding the meat and barbque method . So far none caught .
 As the title implies , this trap did not work for me at all . I followed the instructions and tried different bate mixes . Wasps were literally swarming in the area for days and not one wasp found its way into the trap , I even put some sugar water on the outside.I would not recommend this trap .
 I read plenty of good reviews and bought this thing . Its been absolutely useless for me . Think twice before buying .
 my green house has predominantly yellow jackets activity . i thought this trap would be a sure killer . nope , i started with half the tube at first , nothing , then i poured the rest in the cotton and left it over the weekend inside , pretty much under their noses . Not a single bee in this trap at all . Washed it and recycled it . Waste of money !
 Location seems to be critical for this trap to work . I 've had it mounted in the same location outdoors hanging under a hickory tree for a month . So far have only caught 2 Yellowjackets . I guess it would be more effective if place by a nest , around trash cans , under a fruit tree , etc. wherever Yellowjackets would congregate ?
 It seems others have had good experiences with this product but it did not work for me . It only caught a few yellow jackets .
 Well , I set it up according to instructions . After 10 days -LRB- just one trapped wasp -RRB- , I switched to Rescue 's 10 week bait . After those ten weeks , the trap succeeded in catching a grand total of 9 more wasps.During the same time period , I sprayed and killed literally hundreds of wasps on my front porch using Ortho 's Home Defense Max -LRB- Scotts 0195410 Ortho Ready to Use Home Defense Max Insect Killer , 1.1-Gallon -RRB- with the included manual sprayer . I do n't smoke in my house , instead coming out on to my porch . I keep the Ortho handy because there are lots of wasps around here . Each day I spray and kill at least four or five , sometimes more . So , 10 weeks plus 10 days equals 80 days . 80 days times 4 wasps per day gives Ortho a minimum score of 320 . One container of Ortho costs less than the Rescue trap and bait refill . I 've used less than 1/2 of a container.In addition , spraying Ortho on the bottom of the eaves and porch roofs keeps the wasps from placing nests there . -LRB- If you do this , wear eye protection and be conscious of the wind direction . -RRB- Guess which item I am not going to bother with anymore ...
 Not a single wasp or yellowjacket caught . And there were three nests within a few feet of this thing . I give it two stars because it is sturdy . But I hope you have different species than I have because the species around here did n't fall for this thing .
 This would have been a zero star review if I could have done that . Yellowjackets would fly around it but would not enter . After three weeks I tried to return and Amazon did n't even want the POS returned , just gave me a credit . I guess not having to return it is worth one star .
 Was hoping to get rid of yellowjackets in my mostly grass back yard in Huntington Beach , CA . Followed the instruction and installed this product as directed . After 2 weeks -LRB- the amount of time the instructions said the `` bait '' would last -RRB- not one yellowjacket was caught . They would fly all around the the area and near the trap but none were attracted enough to go inside . Total waste of money . One star is too high .
 I bought this to help with wasps near my hummingbird feeders . I have yet to catch any using the bait which I also purchased . It might work well with a different type of wasp . We have yellow jackets and large red wasps .
 This product did not work for me . I put it out there for 3 weeks and only caught a couple of flies . Pretty much a waste of money .
 Does n't work - during our entire yellow jacket season , not 1 bug went into the trap . Completely useless for us . Would not buy again .
 I 've tried these 6 times ... each time I caught 1 yellow jacket bee out of dozens I see flying around and living in my railings . I followed the instructions to the letter , but for one bee per trap , it is not worth the money and I am done trying . Other than spraying them , I have n't found a good way to rid ourselves of bees .
 The product arrived quickly and in good condition . I have had it outside for about 3 weeks now and have not caught squat . The yellow jackets are still flying around , apparently unimpressed .
 Apparently there are two different kinds of yellow jackets ... the kind with short legs and the kind with long legs . They dont do enoungh to tell you that this trap wont catch the long legged type til you have already purchased the trap and find all your yellow jackets ignoring the trap . Actually the decription says it catches multiple species , but if you go back and look at the pictures , one of the pics shows a warning that is missing from the description.Ive had it in the yard surrounded by yellow jackets for couple weeks now and Ive caught exactly zero .
 My fault . I did n't read the small print . The attractant wo n't work on paper wasps , which are what is prevalent in my area . And their right . It does n't . The W-H-Y version says it will work , so I 'll be trying one of those . In the meantime , I have put some humming bird feeder liquid in the trap and I 'll see if that does the trick . Again , not the traps fault , you just need to aware of the type of wasp 's your dealing with .
 Was very dissappointed with this product !! It was advertised to catch Yellow Jackets and NEVER attracted one ! Followed directions and NOTHING . We had an abundance of Yellow Jackets but we ended up buying spray again .
 Useless , a total waste of money . The wasps laughed at it . Did attract some flies however . So not totally useless .
 Everything broke first twist of the wrist . Very cheaply made . Could n't be any more unsatisfied . Spend little gets you little quality I guess
 I bought this set to have some extra sockets around the house . I was hopeful this would be a great product , but unfortunately , it 's not . The whole set is n't very good in quality and I figure they would probably break if you used them very heavily . I just threw the set in the garage in case every other socket I have disappears , I at least have this set as a backup .
 Pretty straightforward . The sockets are good , at least for the light work I do . The ratchet is flimsy and worthless .
 I ca n't believe this . I was mounting a television on the wall , and as soon as I go to use this product FOR THE FIRST TIME , it broke and it really frustrated me . I was so mad that I was like , `` hey . I am going to write a review for this item because it was so frustrating '' , and I did .
 Well our friends in CHINA have turned out another CHEAP CHEAP product ! Sockets fall off the ratchet and extension with the slighest movement . Socket walls are so thin I am sure they would split with the lighest load ! Bought this to carry around in the trunk of my car ... I should have known better ! Avoid this one ! Amazon refunded my money right away and did not want the set returned .
 Please do n't buy this set . I would give it no stars if I could.I was suckered into buying with some of the better reviews.Crudely made.The set came in a jumble of loose sockets . The case is flimsy and the sockets do n'tsnap securely into the case or the wrench . Better socket sets lock the sockets intothe wrench.The chrome plating was n't even completely on some sockets.Sure it 's a low price , but it 's not even worth this . I 've gotten better tools in a99 cent store.Tools should be sturdy and safe . This socket set could hurt you if usingforce . I was only intending to use it occasionally , but I returned it . Ibought a better set and I 'm much happier . For a few dollars more , geta better set.Great Neck PSO40 40 Piece 1/4-Inch and 3/8-Inch Drive Socket Set
 Got the set to use on some basic car maintenence , one of the sockets broke in under 5 minutes . One of the walls of hex inside the socket failed and cracked so that it just flexes open any time you try to use it.This socket set is terrible , doubtful that it is even worth this low cost , do yourself a favor and spring for a slightly nicer set .
 Not worth it -- the case is so cheap , it wo n't even lock the pieces in -- very flimsy kit , i would n't even recommend for the casual diy user . spring a few extra bucks and buy a decent one that will be there -LRB- with all the pieces in the right place -RRB- when you need it . with this set you 'll never be able to fit the right piece , and spend half the time search through the clutter in the case for what you need .
 i have , as many people do , a problem with shoddy workmanship and no attention to detail . when i got this i was unpleasantly surprised to notice that the seams from the molding of the ratchet were still there , the knurling on the handle didnt cover the whole handle , and the actual ratcheting action was tough . i got a better ratchet set for literally a dollar at lowe 's for an after christmas sale ... . dont buy this product and stick with name brand tools , there 's a reason they made it to be a name brand
 This socket set is made for hobbits . It 's miniature in size and has absolutely no functionality except to fix a kid 's toy . My recommendation is do n't buy this because it 's not worth it and the product looks like it 's going to break . I wish I got my money back .
 Looked good out of the box . However , upon first use , the yellow handled driver broke . The plastic handle cracked while trying to loosen a nut . Then , the 1/4 inch adapter broke while using the ratchet inside the 13mm socket.Not a durable set of hardware to say the least .
 I was given this set by a friend as payment for a favor . The yellow handle broke off of the driver the first time I used it . I tried the sockets and two of them cracked while I was using them on my car . The ratchet is flimsy , poorly finished and has sharp edges on it . Do n't waste your money on this set . Spend a few more dollars and buy a Craftsman set . You will get better tools and help an American keep working since C-man sockets and ratchets are still made in the USA .
 For the money , this is not a bad deal . Yet I found it to be of inferior quality . The ratchet looks like die cast metal even though it is `` triple chrome plated . '' It is rough around the edges and is not like an evenly polished higher quality tool set you see at other stores . The driver handle is cheap plastic that reminds me of a similar one I had that split and broke from the shaft . For a flea market type set that does the job , I guess this is what you would be looking for .
 this is a very cheap product . I know its only $ 10 , but it is not worth it at all . feels like a 99 cents products .
 This set is garbage ... . Please do not buy !!!! very cheap set ... . Breaks very easily .
 Socket driver fell apart with the first 3 uses . This set is almost worth the $ 5 I paid for it .
 this was not my best buy from amazon ... i got what i paid for ... maybe ... the ratchet never worked ... you would be better off spending a few more dollars and get a real set ... of course i did not buy this for everyday use more of a backup at work ...
 First socket out of the set busted after one use . Manual torque . Not a solid product at all . I would recommend spending a few extra $ $ and getting a better set .
 Socket sizes not correct causing stripped bolts . Wrench unable to handle basic torque with out bending/flexing . Even for a cheap set , quality is horrible . I did n't expect it to last long , but I was not even able to complete the 1 small project I needed this product for . Spend a little extra for a better quality set , you will be glad you do . We are in the process of returning this item 2 days after receiving it . Product should not even be sold on Amazon .
 I know you get what you pay for . But why even include the rachet . The very first time I tried to use it on a simple tool it broke . I 'm thinking the sockets wo n't hold up under pressure either . Do n't buy it . Spend the extra amount to get a decent set .
 Very disappointed in this - sadly , I probably paid about what it 's worth . The rachet broke after two uses . The driver broke after using it once with a wrench . Sometimes you just ca n't go with the no-names - especially when you are buying tools .
 Took rachet out . . fitted on bolt . . turned to unloosin . . and it fell completly apart . . the sockets are ok . . You get what you pay for . . word of advice . . buy a better rachet
 the ratchet is too weak . not even able take off one nut before it broke . need to shop for another one now .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT VERY GOOD QUALITY BUT THE PRICE IS RIGHT FOR YOU HAVE . . IT IS VERY USEFUL FOR THE HOME BUT NOT FOR AUTOMOTIVE MECHANICS
 I know this is only 10 bucks and I was certainly expecting cheap and cheerful . But this beats all standards of a poorly made product . The blow molded case is a disaster - nothing fits in its place . The ratchet is the cheapest I have ever seen and the sockets themselves are very poorly finished . Comes with duplicate sockets - one each for quarter inch and 3/8 inch I believe . A simple 3/8 to 1/4 adapter would have sufficed , but that 's an entirely separate design issue . I would never buy this again , even for the low price .
 This image shows that the tools are big and could be put to use . The real tools are small , the largest could not even open the wheels of my bike . Beware , right now i do n't know what to use it for
 I decided to buy this because I needed to do an oil change on my car . After two minutes of using it the wrench it got stuck and never worked again . You can actually tell it is bad quality just by turning it by hand . I would n't recommend this item to anyone -LRB- not even for a small job -RRB- . The item is on its way back for a full refund thanks to Amazon great customer service . Lesson learned , whether you use them a lot or not , these tools need to be of good quality so spend the extra couple of dollars and save yourself the hassle .
 I knew I was not getting a great set but the price was higher than the quality of the tools .
 These things could be a little brighter but for the $ $ , they are better than a dark path !
 Bought the temperature probe , it worked fine for a few weeks then diedBasically a poorly made piece of junk
 It does not work . the temperature was off by 10 degrees . very dumb device . too much manual intervention . nothing automatic . too limited storage . no live data . after receiving the device and discovering all this , I went back and re-read the description - very misleading . Useless .
 The price was good for the specs but did not have the chance to try out because it was damaged during shipping . Handle was bent -LRB- caused the crack in the plastic covering -RRB- , oil all over the place , both gauges were bent inward and broken -LRB- gauge housing is plastic ... not metal like others -RRB- . Box was fine except one hole in the side .
 This product is totally crab , despite the fact I 've got it replaced in 2 days , but again it works for nearly 6 hours then the pulp needed to be replaced .
 I bought four of these lights and am sending four of them back . In my humble opinion these are cheap china imports worth maybe a dollar a dozen , if that . Do n't waste your time or money on these things . I think a match will give out more light .
 I 've been disappointed in -LRB- 1 -RRB- this product is light weight and blows off our deck when windy ; -LRB- 2 -RRB- the light is not bright white as advertised
 this unit only has 1 yellow led and a candle has more power . you ca n't even use it as a mood dining light to weak.don ' t order it .
 They are a complete waste of money and time DO NOT EVEN BOTHER ORDERING this item , they stay on for about two hours , my drive is in full sun-light spring , summer , fall and winter and still only work for two hours .
 These were so disappointing . They light for about 2 hours and that 's that . I guess you get what you pay for . They were pretty cheap , I wasted a gift certificate on them . Lesson learned . I would n't buy these if I were you .
 Save your reviews on this thing until you 've owned it awhile . I used it only the end of one season and it worked well . I drained it and stored it inside . The next spring it would n't oscillate consistently . This sprinkler looked too good and appeared too well made so I bought another one . It too stopped oscillating consistently after one season . I would come out and find one area of the yard flooded and the rest dry . A sprinkler this expensive should last more than one season . I 'm going to buy a cheap one and throw it away if it quits . I could make a down payment on a car for the price of two of these boat anchors .
 Like another reviewer , I have found that the plastic gears on this sprinkler soon begin sticking , rendering it useless . I 've bought two , one began sticking frequently after 2 months , the other after a season . I have the intake screened , so it 's not due to dirt , the gearbox must be poorly designed .
 I purchased this oscillating sprinkler 2 summers ago . I chose this one as I wanted one with a heavy duty metal base that would be stable on my less than stellar lawn . The sprinkler worked great for a while , with a nice even pattern and good coverage . Unfortunately , like others , it has stopped oscillating.It 's unfortunate that the inner mechanicals have stopped functioning , as until it stopped oscillating it really was a nice sprinkler ...
 Not As Pictured ! It does not have the over the head strap . I wanted a head light with the `` over the head '' strap . I 'll be returning this.I wish I would have read the review that mentioned this -LRB- I just saw that review -RRB- .
 I am interested in a headlamp with two straps as the picture for this product shows . So when I received it and found it came with only one strap I thought I was sent the wrong item . Also the package did not come with a shipping slip stating what I had purchased . So I called customer service explained that I received only one strap and they sent another Steamlight 61405 to me . Again with only one strap . You are misrepresenting this item with the picture with it . I am very disappointed .
 Half the battery life of the published spec . I returned immediately due to false advertising . I can not review the lamp because I did not open it .
 I got my purchase but rude awakening , did not get over-the-head strap.I saw the advertise picture.lo ` and be hold ... did not.Well any , the head lamp is nice , two bright light mode.I use it pretty much everywhere.When you need to hands to work , this lamp does the job.But I ` am still wondering what went wrong with my order.Consumer Beware .
 Recently went night snorkeling , and purchase this headlamp for the occasion . After about 25 minutes of use , the light died . -LRB- Dangerous situation to be in ! -RRB- Once I got back to shore I discovered that it had leaked , and thus was not water-proof , -LRB- the manufacturer claims it is -RRB- . My friend bought the same headlamp but did not have this problem .
 Purchased through Amazon , this Streamlight 61400 throws out light equivalent to the heavy headlamps of the past . While the older lights used 14-53 LEDs , the Streamlight uses only one ! On Amazon I purchased the Petzl E91 PO Tikkina 2 Headlamp at the same time . A comparison is useful.I find the Streamlight high beam perfect for night use and the low beam suitable only for close reading . The lamp could use a middle power . The Petzl has the same 2 LED settings , but achieves a better compromise.While it uses only 2 AAA batteries compared with 3 AAAs for the Petzl , the unit seems heavier . The Petzl has a flat lamp 2 LED design with a wide rubber base resting comfortably against your forehead . The Streamlight uses a bullet lamp with a very small rubber disk strapped against your forehead , so the lamp tends to hang uncomfortably . It is not suitable for longer periods of reading.The Streamlight 61400 has an unusually difficult battery case with an opening to the side of the forward-facing lamp . The cover is attached to the case with an elastic strap . You need tiny fingers to twist the battery cover open and you struggle to close it after inserting the batteries . I spent ten minutes at this until the unit finally lit up . I dread having to change the batteries.Due to the bullet lamp design , LED power issue , and battery case problem I would not recommend this lamp .
 the whole strap and unit would slide up and down while trying to run and then the actual lamp would not stay stationary in the same place either while running
 Lamp works , but I wanted the strap that went over the head - none of the 3 I ordered had the extra strap . Amazon customer service gave me several options though . But beware - you may not get the over the head strap .
 I am a fan of Streamlight products . I have a Streamlight rail mount light on my handgun and daily carry their flashlight that is shaped like a pen . This headlamp is a piece of crap . Very cheaply made . Do not buy it .
 I found it hard to remove the battery cap . Once I did manage to remove it , it was EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to get the cap back on again . No matter how good the light itself is , it is worthless if one can not get the battery cap on and off easily . I would NOT recommend this .
 This box arrived all beat up , the box had been opened and re-taped , the parts bag was missing , I was not able to use it so I sent it back . Then went to Lowe 's and purchased it , it came with all the parts .
 I bought a couple of Church/Bemis plastic elongated toilet seats in two different colors . Both seats were maintained in the same manner and used similarly in our same house . One of the two seats discolored while the other one did not . So I have to conclude that the one that discolored was defective.Yet when I contacted Bemis about their defective toilet seat they refused to do anything for me because it was beyond their meager 1 year warrantee . They also mentioned that their seats have a `` clear coat finish '' and that once such discoloration `` occurs that is no way to bring your seat back to the original finish '' . For plastic seats to need a clear coat finish to protect them makes me think that the particular plastic they chose for the seat was susceptible to discoloration ; of inadequate qualities for a toilet seat application.Since I 'm completely dissatisfied with the Bemis/Church toilet seat quality and their refusal to replace their product when it discolored , I will never buy Bemis/Church products again .
 The seat did not perform as expected . It closed at first with a slight noise , and now it just slams shut . I would return it but we are over 30 days .
 This seat was great but then the hinges fell apart after a bit after one year . When I called the company , they were rude and had no suggestion but that I buy another seat . DO N'T BUY TOILET SEATS FROM THIS COMPANY - LOW QUALITY OF MATERIAL , THEY DO N'T STAND BEHIND THEIR PRODUCTS -LRB- pun intended -RRB- , AND TREAT CUSTOMERS RUDELY .
 One would think that with a decent vacuum comes decent accessories . Not in this case ! A few cheap plastic parts that fail miserably to the task do a great disfavor to the name . The best piece of the lot , an angular handle that also doubles as a suction adjuster , does not stay connected to the hose due to a manufacturing deffect . The other segments also have a tendency to come apart with annoying regularity . I am sorry to say that this product seems to be an afterthought that skipped the field test altogether . Expect a recall !
 This is a pretty standard set of accessories one would expect for a shop vac setup . One could argue that they should , at the price of the Fein , be included , but they are n't , so just deal with it . : - -RRB- The issue I have is with the design of the handle that is intended to connect the hose to the wands . It comes apart with the slightest downward pressure on the hose . I talked with Fein about it last weekend at the AWFS show in Anaheim , and they committed to get a fix for the problem.Knowing Fein , they 'll not only fix it , but fix it well and offer us a free retrofit , but until then , I ca n't recommend purchasing this set
 light is plenty bright enough , but the problem is it comes on almost every time I grab my keys . Just the weight of another key against the button is enough to have the light shining .
 Both the original and a replacement Keller dovetali bit quickly lost the lower seal on the bearing which will allow sawdust to build up in the bearing and will lead to premature failure .
 COLORS ARE BASIC IN MOST INDUSTRY . BONE IS A BASIC COLOR & CUSTOMER IS NOT HAPPY WITH THE YELLOW TONE
 My wife and I ship on a regular basis and purchased this exact tape gun from Staples . We could n't even get through one roll of tape with this thing.Pros
 This review is being written 12/2/2012 for 3M ScotchBlue Painter 's Tape , 2-Inch by 60-Yard , 1-Roll , sold by third party vendors and fulfilled by Amazon on their website.I should have known better ... I tried this `` blue painters tape '' from 3M over 10 years ago , ruining a wall . Fast forward to today and the new & improved ; tape.First , paint bleeds under the edge of this tape . If I had not used tape at all , it would be a simple task to wipe away the excess with a cloth , impossible now that the paint is dried and tape is removed.Second , when removing , the tape pulls against the paint , leaving a rough edge that will chip later . In this case , it also pulled out some caulking , making a huge mess.The professionals rarely use painters tape , and I can see why . In addition to the two problem above , it is much slower to tape the whole area vs. just paint with a high quality brush that gives you precision at the edges you want to protect.The only use for this tape is to protect areas that are far away from the painting edge , such as to secure plastic drop clothes to areas that may receive drips .
 Do not buy the scotch painter 's tape with the orange writing on it . It will not stay down.My story
 It does n't seem to matter how much I press the edge in to the surface , I just can NOT get a clean paint edge with this tape . It was only super important to have a perfect line on one wall -LRB- accent color -RRB- , and I ca n't even get that one wall out of this tape . I 've done touch up about 4 times , and it 's not even a big wall!The only reason I did n't give 1 star is that this is the `` delicate surfaces '' tape , and it DID come off more readily than the regular blue tape . I 'm working over fairly old molding in places , and the regular tape left gunk , and took up the finish - this kind did NOT damage the molding at all .
 I recently put in bamboo flooring on my stairs and needed to paint the sides of the stairs where they were scuffed during installation . I used this `` Delicate tape '' , which did n't do anything like a painters tape should . It did n't stay put and was constantly curling up at the corners , the paint seeped through onto the new stairs . Lastly it actually removed a lot of stain -LRB- stained black by manufacturer -RRB- from the floor boards.Don ' t bother with the fancy tape names . Stick with the original . I can only assume that Scotch found a way to skimp on the glue and called it `` delicate '' . As a side note , I bought two of the other `` New Styles '' of tape , one which was supposed to keep lines crisp and straight . It did neither . It was worse than the Frog Tape , which does n't live up to its name either.I hope this review is helpful for others . There is nothing I hate more than touch up work when painting , and this tape , and the whole new line from my experience , creates a lot of touch up .
 This was a great deal if it had worked . The gas regulator had leak by when set to zero . Amazon was not good about sending a new one they said the price had gone up and I would have to pay the new increased price . I just got a RMA and returned it . Could not get the seller on the phone . Tired of messing with it went to welding supplier and bought new . Some things just should be bought locally .
 Failed out of the box . Had to return.Absolutely hate when a product is shown with OEM packingand is shipped in generic packaging . Happens more andmore with Amazon.NOTE
 you sent an identidal Flipper to the Right handed one . I definitely ordered one of each . the order said `` left-handed '' and you sent the wrong one .
 When I got the saw , I thought
 I initially bought this saw because it 's advertised as being able to cut dowels or plugs flush with a surrounding surface . I tried this a few times , and was fairly disappointed - it cut easily enough , but scratched the surrounding surface badly ! After more research , I learned that a true flush-cut saw does not have any `` set '' on the teeth -LRB- i.e. the teeth are n't bent out from the saw plate . Some set is important to prevent the saw plate from binding in deeper cuts , but it means that the teeth will scratch the surrounding surface if it 's used as a flush cut saw -RRB- . I eventually bought a true flush cut saw from a popular Canadian woodworking/gardening retailer , and was amazed at how much difference that made . The teeth are truly flush with the saw plate , which means they wo n't scratch your workpiece when you flush cut a dowel or plug.Not so on this Shark saw - the teeth do have set and will scratch your workpiece if used for flush cutting . Some significant time spent with a sharpening stone could theoretically remove this set , but the impulse-hardened teeth would make this more difficult , and it would be hard -LRB- for me at least -RRB- to justify that time and trouble when ready-to-use flush cut saws are available for only a few dollars more.Second , this saw is advertised as `` Ideal for dovetails ... '' While it may be strictly FUNCTIONAL for dovetails , it 's far from ideal . The vast majority of saw cuts made when creating a dovetail are effectively rip cuts , which means you 're cutting along or parallel to the grain of the wood . This type of cut is fastest and most efficient when done using a saw with rip style teeth . This Shark saw has teeth shaped for CROSSCUTS -LRB- perpendicular to the wood grain -RRB- , so it 's optimized for slicing through wood fibers in this orientation . It will still make rip cuts , but these cuts will be slower and potentially harder to control than they would be with a rip-specific saw . In other words , you could use this saw for an occasional dovetail , but again , it 's definitely not `` ideal '' . The third descriptor in Amazon 's title is `` detail '' saw . Finally an accurate description of an appropriate use for this saw ! It does a fine job with small crosscuts and general trimming tasks , and leaves a fairly smooth surface . Nicer saws are available for these general small crosscutting tasks , but this is about as good as it gets for the price.In summary
 This item was shipped to the wrong address even though the order confirmation I received from you had the right address . According to the UPS records they had been given an address different than the one on the confirmation order ! I am still try to get the item sent to me but have not had any luck so far.VERY DISTRESSFUL !!!
 I had a good experience with Ace Hardware - they tried to make this right . The issue I had was with the Sharksaw replacement blade . My original blade had a `` replacement blade '' number on it , and that is what I ordered . When I got it it would n't fit into the handle . Ace was kind enough to send me another blade , but it did n't fit either . I think that the Sharksaw company may have made a slight adjustment in the design of the handle since mine was made , and as a result the replacements ALMOST but do n't quite fit .
 I used this saw for pruning a large blue spruce in our yard and it broke before I even finished limbing the bottom of the tree ! It broke at the handle , do n't know if its a design flaw but its not worth almost 30 $ .
 I purchased both the Fairfax and the Forte models of Kohler bathroom faucets.Half way through my fixture replacement process , I removed these from their packaging and could n't believe what I was seeing . This is not a solid metal faucet . It is a hollow faucet shaped body made of two snapped together pieces of thin , stamped , chrome plated metal with a cheap copper-like tube running inside the body to carry the water.You ca n't tell this when they are mounted up on the wall at the store . I was appalled . I had thought that for a hundred and fifty dollars I 'd at least be getting something made out of solid metal , especially since it is manufactured with cheap Chinese labor.The aerator is screwed into this cheap inner tube and was difficult to remove . It required continual turning with a wrench until it was completely off . Upon reinstalling the aerator , with hardly any tightening force , the inner tube bent and the aerator then sat crooked inside the cheap body/housing . The projects had to be put on hold while we piled this crap back into their boxes , drove back to the stores -LRB- each model from a different big home improvement store -RRB- , and began the process of finding a different brand of faucet that matched the styling of our bathroom d&eacute;cor.When the clerk asked why I was returning it , I told them because it was pure junk , period.We , the customers , are being DUPED when we fall for buying this CHEAP CHINESE MADE PRODUCT , that at first sight appears to be of high quality , but PAY MADE IN AMERICA PRICES !! Caveat Emptor ... Shame on Kohler and any other trusted name brands that are sticking it to hard working people while they reap huge profits from cheap labor , cheap materials and apparently cheap management.We bought a Moen model that was less expensive , had a faucet made of solid metal , easier to install with quick-connect lines , and best of all ... It is made in the USA .
 Plastic instead of ceramic porcelin ? from Kohler ? I would have thought this company would have made a better product.I ordered this faucet and the matching shower faucet/showerhead and the cute white old fashioned button is actually white plastic . sending back asap . hope i can find a replacement before the plumber arrives to install . this product should at least state that it 's plastic , so that the buyer does n't waste return shipping money or their time . very disappointed .
 I 've purchased loads of stuff from Amazon and have been happy with my purchases . This is my first disappointment . First , I did not receive what is pictured . The tool is `` similar '' but cheaper looking . Second , the `` set '' end of the tool is not round -LRB- it 's kinda oval - poorly ground -RRB- , nor does it have a concave end as better nail sets do . It tends to skip off nail heads . I 'm into multi-tasking tools . So if all I get for my $ 10 is a mini nail puller - it will sit and rust in my box!For your 10 bucks buy sets made by Starrett $ 10 each - they 're perfect .
 The part of this lamp that holds the light bulb , broke off fromthe main frame of this lamp.A piece of junk !!!!!! I can no longer adjust the light part of this lamp , it just hangs down from the lamp 's arm frame .
 It is not clear that these are vix bits . Vix is the name of a manufacturer that makes/made self-centering hinge bits . If you want made in USA products consider Starrett 's self-centering hinge punch sold by Lee Valley and not currently available on Amazon . I think you need to be careful buying from people who are loose with words . If the bits are not made be Vix , they need to admit it . Vix bits are stamped with the name ; if you want to make your own name , start with quality not copying . The quality of these bits could be better or worse , and a better or worse value , you ca n't tell by pictures and since they apparently are not made by Vix , you ca n't tell by name either .
 I was excited to get this to put on the wall in my playroom for magnets for the kids . But the item came bent so i had to send it back . I know that what I wanted to use it for was not the intended use for this item , but I imagine it would need to not be bent for most usage .
 I was really surprised how cheap this was . until I got it . no drain included !
 this shower head schould be taken off the market , one would be better off standing out in a very light rain.I would have returned it but it would have become someone elese 's trouble.DO NOT BUY
 Did not work , also description was wrong , did n't fit what I bought it for . Hope I can return it . Very good quality .
 got the tlr-1 new in the box and it worked for about 2 minutes on the supplied batteries . i figured they were dead so i bought a new set of duracell which also proved to not work . this unit is d.o.a ... probably just a fluke and i know the distributor will make it right but this light is a no go .
 The product pictured has a battery door which is the 9120B , not the 9120 as labeled -LRB- and shipped to me -RRB- . This model is hard wired like the 9120B , but is missing the battery backup . Without a battery backup the smoke detector will not work in case of a power loss.I 'm not quite sure why thy make a model like this , but for me it is useless and now I have to ship back the product because Amazon did not appropriately represent the product .
 These are hilarious . I bought a six pack of the same model number and two of these because I needed eight total . The six pack works great and are fine . These , however , did n't even have any wire hooking the 9v battery up to the alarm AND the 9v battery area was too small to even hold the battery . Totally ridiculous !!! But the same model in the six pack were all wired correctly and housed the battery correctly . Must be a diff manufacturer for the singles . Caveat Emptor !
 These BRK smoke alarms have issued alarms twice now , which lasted several hours each and resulted in lost work time . Initially , two of these would beep every minute and nothing I tried would stop it , so I had them replaced , and then these seemed to be OK , but almost every night we would hear a 1 second alarm . Then 2 weeks later , the alarms went off steady and nothing we tried would silence or reset them . We even had the gas company come out to check the gas applicances for CO2 , since 2 of the units also had the CO2 detectors built in , but everything checked out fine , so I just started unplugging the units until the alarms stopped . A few days later , the remaining 3 alarms that I still had connected started another false alarm and eventually stopped . I do n't have time to put up with issues like this , and it can result in not even believing your smoke alarms , when it may be a real fire ! I only purchased these because they were plug compatible with the First Alert , but I will have to rewire the plug and purchase a better quality brand .
 After reading all of the positive reviews , I bought 6 of these smoke alarms for my home . Installation was very quick and easy . My husband installed all 6 -LRB- according to the instructions -RRB- within an hour . It has been two weeks now , and EVERY DAY at random times during the day -LRB- 3am , 4pm , 9am -RRB- for no reason at all , each smoke alarm BEEPS . The sound is piercing and has woken us up in the middle of the night on several occasions . We 've read the instructions and even contacted the company about the erratic beeping and were told that it `` may happen from time to time . '' Unfortunately , we threw out the boxes , so we can not return the alarms to amazon . If anyone has sleeping children , I suggest you buy a different alarm .
 i was very disappointed to realize there was no battery back up ! what happens when the power is out before the fire starts or during the fire !
 I go this item and within 2 weeks the plating was wearing off.I contacted the company directly and they informed me that they were aware of a problem with these items.I was assured that they had gotten new product to replace defective , and that I should contact Amazon -LRB- which I did -RRB- . After speaking to the folks at Amazon , and explaining the situation , they made an exception to their policy returning returns/defective product etc. which allowed them to send me a new one before having to return the old one . * This was great as you can understand that having to remove this from your kitchen sink and wait around without a sink that drains properly is not an acceptable situation.I have just installed the new one -LRB- which I was assured by Amazon was from the new stock from the supplier -RRB- Stay tuned to see if this one is any better , or if it too fails.I like the look of this one as far as design goes , as it is slightly different , especially the stopper.We have a hammered copper apron style farm sink , and this seemed like a good one . The price is attractive , as I have seen the same one for a lot more money.You can buy ones that are also far more expensive , and I even saw that there is an actual copper one made out there . I 'm not certain how well that would perform . -LRB- copper sink drain do t co m -RRB- as they may be a bit soft.Hope this helps you to decide and I will update this in time . * latest update after 1 week . . This is an epic fail ; the drain plug actually does not seal , so the drain plug lets water out!didn ' t notice until I left some stuff soaking.I am monitoring the finish still . ** UPDATE ** FAIL The new one is doing the same thing.Plating is rubbish , I took photos but I guess I ca n't put them up here .
 This was installed in our new home . After one week of use , the `` Oil Rubbed Bronze '' finish started peeling off revealing a shiny chrome drainer . The Oil Rubbed Finish was actually a vinyl coating over the Chrome finish . What a rip off ! Now I have to find a strainer with a real Oil Rubbed Bronze finish and go through the expense of having it re-installed . This goes for the disposal strainer as well .
 The contractor from Hawaii and I share the same experience . I am a hobbyist/homeowner and do some outside work -LRB- freelance carpenter , former college professor , and an association consultant -RRB- . I was happy with this product , using it about ten minutes weekly for home furniture projects and some recycling -LRB- redwood , pine , Doug-fir -RRB- . Then , 18 months -LRB- after the warranty expired -RRB- , the feed rollers stopped.After taking it apart , a bracket failed , which hold the feed rollers - two screws were missing , three more were loose on other brackets . There were no keepers , and clearly , any compound such as locktight had not been employed . The bracket had dislodged into the motor drive chain , destroyed the drive bracket , ruined the chain , and created general havoc.I will try to repair the damn thing myself , but it took me four hours to dismantle the planer . And now will see how long parts will take.The down side of all this , is that reading reviews in various woodworking publications , about all of the benchtop planers , excepting Grizzly & Makita , are manufactured by the same plant in Taiwan , to the Company 's specs - you may not do better with a Delta , for example . But I am apalled , that the chintzy oversight of keepers or a thread tightening compound has extracted such a toll on my patience and time.SHAME ON YOU , DE WALT !!!!!!!
 Bought mine awhile back and it did the job fine until the chains that rotate the rollers became so loose they sliped on the spockets . Did a fine job to the wood . Seems the Dewalt Engineers forgot that chains stretch , because there is no adjustment other than to buy a new one or take it to a service center for repairs .
 I was excited to get started but had no wood to run through . After a couple of months , I got some Red oak one inch thick . I had a total of 45 board ft to plane . When I locked the cutter head down , the depth I set for my pass , creeped up resulting in not removing as much material . With the red oak , I could n't remove more than 1/128th of wood or the machine would bog down and kick out my 20 amp breaker at my electrical box or the 18 amp fuse on the planer would kick out . The 18 amp fuse toggle area eventually started smoking and I imediately shut the planer down . After letting it cool down for hours , I tried to start the planer and it would not go . I tapped slightly near the 18 amp fuse and it restarted -LRB- but continued to smoke -RRB- . There ca n't be more than two hours on this planer and it 's fried . I live in norther Wisconsin and have no near by service center to take advantage of the warantee . The postage to get it to and from the nearest service center will be costly . As another reviewer mentioned , I am going to try to work something out with the Dewalt corporate people . I hope they are as customer friendly as they claim to be .
 I read reviews of this product and noticed many complaints about sniping . However , because of the rebate and other price breaks , I went ahead and purchased the Dewalt planer rather than another brand . I now wish I had purchased a different brand . Sniping with the Dewalt planer is a DEFINITE problem and I have ruined many pieces of wood due to it . I also do not like the offset infeed & outfeed extensions . I have several Dewalt tools and like most of them , but the surface planer has been a real disappointment .
 You can put me down amongest the dozen or so other reviews that address the numerous problems with this particular planer . I have had good experience with DeWalt 's sanders ... but ca n't say enough how dissapointed I am with the planer . I have barely run the tool for a half an hour and wish that I 'd gone with the Delta or Makita instead . My previous experience with DeWalt 's sanders led me to believe that they 'd make a good planer . But that prediction was as inaccurate as its thickness scale ... which is mighty inaccurate . Other problems that I 've had with the planer include
 I received the DeWalt planer -LSB- ... -RSB- one week ago . Took it out of the box and proceeded to plane 1x10 rough cut oak floor boards . The planer works great ! It planed the boards as advertised . Snipe is non-existant . I worked for maybe two hours and called it a night . The next day I raised the planer to the top to clean out the insides . I then lowered it into position for the first board . I noticed that there was rust forming on the rods that the motor slides up and down on . I can not explain how this happened . The oak was rather wet , but still . . totally unexpected . I lowered the motor below the 1 inch mark and the darn thing froze . The Level used to raise and lower the motor would not turn without and enormous amount effort . It was almost like the lock was in place , but it was n't . I tried to lude the shafts and worm gears with WD-40 thinking maybe some sawdust got into them . No Luck . My best assesment is that either the threads on the worm gears are cross threaded or somehow pitch from the oak gummed it up . Either way this is totally unacceptable . I have my living room torn up . My wife is going to be mad . I tried to call DeWalt but they close at 5pm est. . I did n't know there were still companies that did n't live on internet time . This is/was my first Dewalt purchase , it will probably be my last . I usually buy Makita , they always seem to handle the abuse . I should have gotten a Makita .
 After watching Norm plane old wood for years on PBS I decided to join in the restoration fever and salvage some old carsiding that was in good and dry condition . I have spent hours trying to plane that wood to something useable . As I feed the wood in it simply stops . The rollers mark the wood showing that they are trying to move the work through but fail . I have to push , or pull the wood through . These boards are about 7.5 inches wide and I am trying to only take off 1/32 '' at a time . Any more than that just chews up the wood . The other dissatisfaction I have is the quality the planer does . The wood is not smooth , it gets chewed up and pieces pulled out . I run it through several times with the cutter just touching and still it looks bad . I 've sanded the wood before trying to plane it and that helps a little but it never works like I see Norm on `` The New Yankee Workshop . '' I regret this purchase and wish I had bought a better product .
 I ` am a general contractor in Hawaii , these planers work great the first 10 hours , then broken sprockets and poor stock feed made me give the two I bought away no charge .
 Ockay first of all I heard some other people nockin other planer companies for making less robust pieces of garbage ; this is not true . Take the brand new makita 2012NB planers , if the DeWalt is good these are the best and will cost you less!Heres why it 's better and some others have the same respects
 this is a piece of poorly built machinery . I am a homeowner and i know dewalt is made for the homeowner but this thing is -LRB- ... -RRB- . It came with the labels on crooked , the scale handle bent and it clogs 3 out of 5 times I use it . I will never buy another dewalt product since i have had problems with all that i bought . you can read about it in my other posts . Ridgid is s better buy . Dont waste your money .
 The tech . data review states that the planer is made in the usa , when in fact its more like taiwan , according to the box.Also there was no mail in rebate information at all.These reviews seem to be somewhat misleading .
 I bought a two pack of these hose reels from Sportsman 's Guide around Christmas 2003 . They both arrived broken in the factory sealed box . They were just sitting inside the box with no padding smashed to pieces . I do not believe the shipping company did the damage as the outside box was not damaged . Only the inside box with the reels inside was . They were double boxed , but apparently that did not help . It seems the reels broke under ther own weight bouncing around inside their boxes.Sportsman 's Guide sent me replacements and picked up the broken ones . Only one of the factory sealed replacements was not broken . Again they picked them up no charge . I did not ask for replacements the second time.They have potential , but not if the plastic breaks easily like it did . The plastic is apparently a littl too cheap . Buffalo Tool needs to address this issue with either a heavier and or a different formula plastic . As it is , these are junk . If they can not survive shipping , I do n't see them surviving anything else.Check with Sportsman 's Guide first to see if this problem has been addressed . If so , give them a try as they are a nice size for what they are . I did not get a chance to actually try these , so I can not comment on the rest of their quality.Sporman 's Guide is a very good company to deal with . They just happen to be selling a factory defective product .
 I purchased this after reading reviews stating how it was great . . I found the force of the water was low even after removal filter , it leaked even putting on only with hand , and not using tools as suggested in a review and I didnt realize it wasnt going to be long enough for me to thoroughly rinse off ... as does a ` hand-held ' one which is what I like . I have sent a complaint to the seller and not recieved even an aknowledgement of the email . . I 'll take my $ 22.00 loss but wanted to warn others . . buy it at your own risk , there may not be a refund , return policy with this item . . gave it 2 stars related to promptness of shipping and condition of item
 I read the paltry installation instructions and did as they said . After 45 minutes I gave up trying to get water out of this supposedly wonderful piece of hardware . Half the time water leaked back up the plastic screw on `` nut . '' At no time was I actually able to get a spray of water out of the head itself . -LRB- despite several adjustments -RRB- I am perplexed how anyone else gets this to work . The passage is ultimately too narrow for the kind of performance demanded by the size of the head . The flexiblity is via a series of plastic ball and socket joints . -LRB- again very narrow -RRB- The head itself is attached with friction tube -LRB- not screw in -RRB- that is about one quarter inch in diameter . I am returning this pile of junk .
 I was not even able to use this product as the instructions were not very clear on how to install . There were conflicting instructions within the instructions themselves .
 I have an older version of this product in another bathroom and have been happy with it . I decided to put this new model in the basement shower . The unit never tightened sufficiently to the threaded rod to seal . Supposedy , you just tightten to the touch , but this never sealed even with added pressure with pliers . The directions also state not to use teflon tape , since it might loosen over time . With or without the tape , no matter how much tightening , it still leaked .
 We had an older version of this shower head that was excellent.This one is pathetic . It does not stay up , it squeeks when you move it . Twice the flexible stalk just fell off of the mount.Wish I never bought it.I put the old one back up .
 We have a similar Waterpik flexible shower head in another bathroom and we love it , so when we needed a new showerhead for our other bathroom we sought out this product . It was a great disappointment and we have already replaced it . Although it had 6 spray settings , none of them fanned out wider than their point of orgin on the shower head ; i.e. approx 2 1/2 inches . You have to rock back and forth a lot , not just to get rinsed off , but to stay warm ! We were always cold in the shower , no matter how hot the water because the spray pattern was so small .
 The product installed easy and worked really well untill today . Now no water flows out of it . I have taken it off and put it back on but it still wo n't work . I reinstalled the old shower head . I wo n't buy another product by waterpik .
 If you like 75 streams of water plastering a 2-1/2 inch area of your body , you might like this . The water does not fan out AT ALL . YOU have to dodgeback and forth to get wet.Some engineers are just looking for a paycheck and do n't care what kind ofgarbage they put out there.waterpik should disappear .
 Just sent an email to WaterPik asking for a refund . The design on this thing is flimsy at best . Three minutes out of the blister pak and wham , broken . Nice .
 I bought this shower head for my husband . He specifically wanted a moveable shower head with a mist setting . Amazon states this unit has a mist setting , however it does not . Also , 2 of the settings are identical .
 We had the older model of this showerhead so figured the new one would be even better . We have been disappointed in it because like others have said , it will not stay in the correct position and creaks when you move it . It also does not have the great water flow that previous versions have had . The final nail in the coffin was when we moved and tried to get it off , the threading area was so cheap that it broke off when removing it . And we had only had it on the shower for a year .
 This item is a big step down in quaility from the Waterpik shower head that it replaced . The old item -LRB- 8 yer old Waterpik flexible -RRB- stayed in the position you bent it in , this one tends to droop it also has an anoying whistling tone on certian settings . And last but not least it is a very cheap plasticy chrome . Will not buy this item again nor recomend it .
 When I first bought my house the previous owners were nice enough to leave their flexible white WaterPik shower head in my master bathroom . I mean why the hell not , they would n't budge with paying some of the closing costs ... but I digress . Upon first use I fell in love with it , it had great flexibility , held its shape , and had excellent pressure and spray coverage . I was so impressed with it that I decided to `` upgrade '' to a more classier looking WaterPik so that it would match my brushed nickel theme I had going on in my bathroom.Needless to say I was severely disappointed in this product , not only does it not hold its shape and constantly flops down like dead weight , its water pressure sucks completely . I have also seen where a lot of people are complaining about the spray area this shower head lets out . Be warned the spray area is very small and combined with the weak water pressure is a perfect recipe for fail . Not to mention this thing is exceptionally loud and squeaky when adjusting the shape , that is if it decides to hold its shape.I actually find myself taking longer showers with this thing because it 's spray coverage is just so awful.I hate this shower head 's face so much that I will be taking it out and putting in my old trusty Waterpik shower head that came with the house . Since I ca n't return it , I will just put it in my spare bathroom that I never use so that guests can experience the fail that exudes from this shower head.Also , this thing has a tendency to leak to when slipping it on the shower J pipe as well . I had to reset the O-ring that comes on top of the opti-flow filter just so it would stop leaking .
 Waterpik `` redesigned '' a perfectly good product . The threads on the nut are now recessed so far that the product would not attach to the j-pipe . When I contacted customer service , they only said that if there was a curve in my j-pipe , that the threads might be unreachable . There is no curve - the threads are just so far down that the j-pipe threads , which seem to be graduated slightly - that is , slightly narrower at the bottom - would not grab the threads on the nut . My previous version of the Flexible Shower Massage still works fine , but it looks awful . I wanted to replace with a new version , maybe they will `` redesign '' again some day .
 This is the 3rd one of these we have had . My wife likes them because she can shower without getting her hair wet . The first two failed when water would come out the sides of the head and not through it.The third one -LRB- just a month old -RRB- suddenly would not flow any water through it and the flex tube would not stay in the desired position.these two problems may be related.We had to throw it away .
 I had a shower massage by this company for the last fifteen years . This massage was supposed to be its equivalent , it 's not . The shower head is too close , there is only one massage setting , My original was metal and this is plastic . Time certainly has a way of making once quality products second rate . It works , it does have a massage and where is the competition . If you need one at least this one is cheap .
 Two of them failed in less than 6 months . The first one had an air bubble in plastic base , which broke off . Both the first one and the replacement suffered from low flow after a while . There is an oversized wall lining inside the `` goose neck '' , which tends to warp after flexing multiple times and almost totally obstructs the flow . I 'm flexing the `` goose neck '' every day , so I can rinse shower stall walls.Rubber ring gasket is undersized and gets shredded into multiple pieces when screwed onto shower pipe , with the largest one ending up inside the pipe.The good part is their customer service , which quickly replaced broken shower head after I filled a short online form .
 No chrome , just plastic , more cheaply made than past versions . This product has a weak anemic stream and does not live up to the waterpik reputation . I removed and put my old one back .
 This shower head leaks on the kinky hose at both the head and the piece that mounts to the pipe . Would n't recommend .
 To be fair , the phrase `` works at virtually any water pressure '' is vague . It should have been a red flag immediately , but let the buyer beware . The flex arm works as in the description , but the `` satisfying '' shower comment is not accurate . I enjoy a hard needle-like shower , and this is NOT NOT NOT the shower head for me . If you 're looking for a `` gentle rain '' with the same force as a feather floating to the ground , then buy this one . Me ? I am passing this one by .
 This piece of junk is nothing like the one I bought 10 years ago . It 's leaky , has no pressure -LRB- even with the restricter removed -RRB- , the setting adjuster is a pain in the A ** , the massager setting is a joke ... etc , etc , etc. . . and I bought 2 of these things for dual shower , so it 's not a fluke lemon , only thing it does have is it looks better than the 10 year old one .
 I have owned one of the first waterpik adjustable shower heads and it was great !!! This one broke in 4 weeks -LRB- the prior one I had 8 yrs . -RRB- and because of Amazon 's return policy I am now out $ 30 . and still have a broken shower head ... Do yourself a favor , buy a different product from a different company ... Very dissatisfied !!!
 leaks at the joint real bad ... also the dial part is cheap - and feels frail - water pressure not very good ... a total waste of my money .
 Back in Jan 1 , 2011 , I rated this 5 * s but have knocked off 3 * s because of mold issue . So this is a buyer beware . Gives great showers as long as you remove the stupid water restrictor inside the tube . BUT , and I mean BUT ... keep an eye for mold!Here it is May 27 , 2011 and this showerhead has developed black drippy MOLD around the center nozzles , also some of the outer green rubber nozzles ! I 've owned Waterpiks since the early 80 's and this is THE 1st to ever get mold ... nasty . Took it off and soaked the head and tube with bleach . It now appears every 3 months I will need to soak the head and tube in bleach to prevent/retard mold growth . If it starts to gather mold sooner I 'll chunk it in the recycle bin and buy something else , but not another Waterpik .
 Can not get it to stop leaking . I had a waterpick before , bought it 10 years ago was excellent . This one is not .
 We were excited to find this . The older model that 's all white was in our shower at our old apt and we loved it . This new version leaks . Had to send it back
 I bought this in Jan 08 . The pressure and spray patterns are great . However , I get a small amount of water that backs up and comes out where my shower pipes screws in the product 's neck . Also , I like taking the head and rinsing the soap off the walls when I am through . Several times the head has fallen off . Thankfully , so far it has not broke and pushes back in . All in all I would not buy this product again .
 In our case , just garbage in less than two months . But a very useful concept , since it let my young daughter have the shower head at an appropriate height when she used the master shower . But . It completely stopped working after seven weeks . Would n't pass water , and the unit is completely sealed , so there 's no way to self-service it , and Amazon 's return policy had expired .
 Have spent hours looking for this item , the original was white and very sturdy . The flex tubing took a lot of abuse and it never cracked or broke . Only used this new model for 6 months and the connector that attaches to the wall pipe split and cracked which now leaks everywhere . I used the white one for about 10 years with no problems . Would really like to find the original ones that were a better quality and made with stronger materials .
 I used the flex hose to rinse the shower walls after each shower . It worked very well for three months , but something in the hose gave out and it no longer maintains it 's position . May not be designed for the amount of movement I put it through . Loved it right up until it gave out after a short 3 months .
 I have had a water-pik flexible neck showerhead since they first came out and it was time for a new one . When the new showerhead arrived and I installed it , I thought it was broken and sent it back . Alas , the replacement was just as bad . It was flimsy and made a rattling sound in massage mode . It did not have 6 settings , just 4 -- no water pause or misting . The most important setting it is missing is the water pause feature . I have a well and in a dry year it 's important to conserve water . The water pause feature reduced the flow to a small stream -- just enough to wash my face or rinse my razor while shaving my legs . If you have never owned the previous versions you would like this showerhead . It is easy to install and I LOVE the flexible neck . I will continue using my old one until they make a new one that truly has all 6 advertised settings .
 I found the older version better the white one , this one when you take out the restrictor to increase flow , leaks
 We have a shower stall that we have had a hard time finding a decent shower head for . One user is tall the other short and an adjustable shower head was called for . This showerhead appeared that it would fit the bill perfectly . Unfortunately it never did intall corectly and the bendable neck did not stay where set once installed.The installation seemed easy enough but it leaked even with plumbers tape and the pressure was very poor . Took out the water restrictor and it leaked worse and the bendable neck did not stay where it was set and just fell over . It just seemed poorly made with cheap parts . It clearly was not what we wanted or needed . I ended up returning it as defective.We ended up going to a home improvement store spending more money but we now have a beautiful and very finctional shower head we are very happy with . I hope you have better luck than we did with this selection .
 Bought this to replace one that was about 5 or 6 years old . It is not as nice as the old one - fewer settings , settings it has are not the same as the older model . Seems to be much more cheaply made , too . the adjustment ring I do n't see lasting very long at all . I am also very afraid to use any of my bath cleaners on it even though it 's directions said I could use certain ones . I fear they will mar the surface .
 Do n't waste your money . Buy a brass diverter such as one from Dantz or Delta . This plastic one is bound to crack and leak just from the pressure of use .
 Genie GLU-3 Screw Drive Garage Door Opener LubricantPros : - excellent lubricant - 3 tubes in the package.Cons : - 1/4 ounce tube is n't quite enough to grease the entire drive-screw of my Genie garage door opener , but 2 tubes is too much . - absurdly over-priced at nearly $ 10 per ounce - ten times as much per ounce as Genie 's Lubriplate 10 OZ Low Temp Lithium Garage Door Grease , which is $ 1 per ounce . See Customer Images for size comparison of tubes . -LRB- Grease from both products is white and has the same consistency ; it seems to be the same grease . -RRB- Other : - previous versions of this product had black grease , but the last -LRB- and final -RRB- batch I bought was white.Summary : Although this is excellent lubricant , it 's a terrible value . Buy the Lubriplate instead . Search Amazon on
 Works great , applies easily . The door now operates more quietly than before . I was skeptical that such a small tube was enough to lubricate the entire screw , but it was exactly the correct amount.Update 11/2010
 When I installed this the flow regulator was so aggressive that the trickle of water was unacceptable . After removing the flow regulator I was back to the good water pressure I expected . However , the first time I tried to adjust the spray with the water running the head came apart . Apparently the shower head is constructed so poorly that it can only handle about half the pressure my shower puts out . This is the first time I 've ever had a problem with a shower head or any other plumbing fixture so my water pressure , while good , is not beyond normal ranges . Also the hose is just barely long enough for my shower where the head is mounted about six feet from the shower floor .
 Keep Looking . I bought this showerhead because of the high number of reviews . When it came in , we took out the flow regulator 1st thing and installed . The water pressure is still pitiful . We always had great water pressure so I was very disappointed . Also , I bought the crome one for the blue circle and it was not blue , but grey . The dial to change pressure is cheap . We went to Walmart to look at other options , and I was hesitant to try anything there without being able to read reviews :--RRB- . . but we did buy the Peerless Four-Spray Hand Shower and Shower Head Combo , Chrome # 76410 . I love it ! It is for sale here at Amazon for a few dollars cheaper than I paid for it and is free shipping . The new one has fantastic water flow . It does have a problem keeping the hand held secure , but we will find a way to fix that because it is worth it .
 While this product seems to be okay mechanically , I am seriously disappointed by the odor.Composed entirely of cheap plastics , the overpowering stench of platicizing chemicals is disgusting . The hose is the worst part.The stench has not passed in 3 days hanging in the shower and my experience is that when it 's that strong it will not dissipate with time.When it warms up in the shower , it gets even worse.This is a serious caveat for those with asthma or COPD and I would recommend against this product for anyone bothered by chemical odors .
 I read PRO and CON reviews . I should have believed the CON.HOSE - The hose leaked so badly that I threw it out . Leaked with/without teflon tape . Leaked with rubber washer / without rubber washer / with 2 rubber washers ! It leaked so badly I find it hard to believe it was designed to work with this faucet . I threw it out and spent another $ 18 at hardware store for replacement hose -LRB- not Waterpik -RRB- that worked great immediately.SHOWERHEAD - Cheap , flimsy . Turn the selector knob and the head pops off . I have to place my hand over the shower head push and then turn it to change water flow . I have subsequently found better showerheads at my local hardware store - for the same price ! Lesson learned ... One star because it does allow the water to flow through its head . I 'll replace it soon .
 This works but ... Using the basic spray pattern , the water shoots down in a straight line instead of fanning out as it does on other shower heads I 've used . Not quite comfortable -- having all the water striking roughly four square inches of skin.The other spray patterns are pretty much worthless . And water leaks out around the edges of the head . NOT a white tape issue , this is happening around joints created by the manufacturer . I do n't like the stiffness of the cord either . It 's always getting in the way . Next time I 'll go back to Delta .
 The spinning face , which selects the mode and sprays water has come loose . Water leaks all around the head and thus , has lost all pressure . I 'm pretty sure this item will be replaced by Waterpik ; however , what am I suppose to do while I wait for Waterpik to deal with this ? If there is n't a replacement , I 'll update this review .
 The shower head works fine ... the water flow is good . However , there is only `` 3 threads '' to connect to the shower arm . This will not connect to `` any standard shower arm as advertised '' . Therefore , do not purchase this product if you do not plan to buy a `` connector '' . Plus , even with a `` connector '' there is only `` 3 threads '' . `` 3 thread '' to hand a `` 1ld '' shower head that you will use twice a day . Now , even if it connect ... how long will it last ... ?
 I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon usually because the customer reviews are right on . I guess I should have read more closely . What a disappointment . I wanted to replace one I had - the `` Teledyne Original Shower Massage '' . I loved it . I loved the pulsing water on my shoulders and back . This one installed easily as they all do , but what a disappointment . I 'm definitely not keeping this one . There must be one out there that does n't cost an arm and a leg .
 Description lists PAUSE , but there is no PAUSE.its not listed on the package I received , either.I ordered this because I wanted a PAUSE feature.Would have returned it , but the old one was brokeand needed something in the shower .
 Got this handheld shower because of the brand . This product is good except the hose is very hard to bend even used for a few weeks . I had to replaced the hose with the old hose I have . Buying the better bendable hose from their website cost almost the same as the handheld shower . E-mailed Waterpik about this , & hope they will send me a better hose . Of course , they wo n't . I will never buy this brand again .
 Nice brushed chrome finish . Water stream is too narrow in comparison to other similarly priced water-pik models.High pressure concentrated stream seems to be missing from this model . I repeatedly have to replace these models -LRB- 4-6 months on average -RRB- as the unit becomes defective in the way of the water stream being directed in an unintended direction and in a diminished fashion .
 The pressure is n't that great and the diameter is small so the water spray is n't that great . Also , the mist setting shoots out over everything , literally sideways -LRB- I 'd like to know how one would be standing there -RRB- and soaks everything . But , for the price , it 's adequate .
 This shower head is cheap PLASTIC !! Completely the cheapest made product ! It leaked the second I hooked it up in places that are not fixable ! Unfortunately I waiting to long before hooking it up to be able to return the garbage ! Now I am stuck with trash ! Thanks for nothing ! DO NOT BUY !!! A garden hose would work better !
 Compre esta ducha y en el momento de instalacion el acople que va al tubo de abastecimiento se revento al girarlo con la mano .
 I noticed a few mysterious brown spots on the shower head while still in the packaging.Undaunted , and perhaps foolishly , I removed the shower head from the packaging , and was hit with an odor so strong as to be nearly nausea inducing . I can only describe it as reminiscent of some sort of industrial or chemical plant . I shudder to think of what factory this thing came from.Thirty minutes and a mild headache later , I 'm heading out to buy a replacement from a local store , and I 'm throwing this shower head in the trash.Greatly disappointed in Amazon , and what can only be abhorrent quality control at the presumably Chinese factory from which this came .
 MOEN MAKES A HAND HELD THAT WILL GIVE YOU A GREAT PRESSURE TO GET SHAMPOO OUT OF YOUR HAIR , AND ALSO A MASSAGE THAT YOU WILL LOVE ! 6 BIG HOLES IN THE CENTER FOR GOOD WATER RELEASE . JUST REMEMBER TO WRAP THE PIPE END 3 TIMES WITH TEFLON TAPE , SO IT WO N'T LEAK .
 Cheap looking fixture and the hose connecting the shower head to the wall is permanently twisted into an awkward shape . Every time you take it off its mount it wants to spray wildly in every direction except the one you want . Great if you like wet bathroom floors and wrestling with poorly designed tools . My wife hates it and will replace it with something cheaper and more functional .
 This proved to be a very poorley made cheap product . The product is made of all cheap plastic . The nut which screws onto the pipe is plastic and immediately cracked in half . The hose is also a cheap garden hose type which does not have the weight to hang down . The hose causes the shower head to twist to the side when in the cradle . I returned this to Amazon and I almost never return products . I really do not know how anyone could rate this as acceptable in any way .
 Very disappointed in this product . Had forgotten that I had returned a similiar waterpik showerhead a few years back for the same problem . Only one of the settings worked -- the full shower setting . All the other settings had no force at all -- not really usable -- would not pulse enough to massage or even wash off soap effectively . And this was with the flow restriction device removed . Also , fairly large and clunky . To late to return , will be giving this piece of bad design to Goodwill . Sealed tough plastic packaging required heavy cutting to open -- high self-inflicted cut potential . Would recommend looking for other manufacturers .
 I should have listened to the other reviewers who said it leaks . Ok , I read the instructions BEFORE I installed it . Not much to read ... mostly pictures . The instructions say not to use teflon tape ... I think . The way the instructions are written it is hard for me to tell if they mean no tape on all showerhead models or only the fixed showerhead models . But , I ca n't see why that would matter . Either way
 This unit is very flimsy and what I mean by that is that it is fragile and not durable . The shower head itself is so lightweight I 'm afraid it will crack if I drop it and it weighs practically nothing . It is made of a very light weight cheap plastic . I did remove the regulator with a pair of needlenose pliers like the other reviews said which makes the water flow trickle sickly . Upon installation I used teflon tape and it leaked at the vacum break and I would n't bother installing it if you 're going to hook it up youself because it is not needed . Also , hand tighten when installing because if you you pliers or a wrench it will crack , that 's how cheap and lightweight the plastic is on this . The vacum break is a stupid design and is not necessary.Since I already assumed this would work out of the box I threw away the packing in the begining and ca n't return it so it will remain stationary . Bottom line ... go to the Home Depot and get a better quality constructed model made of high impact plastic and rubber for a couple of dollars more . That 's where my old one came from and it lasted a long time . You really need to see a replacement in person to judge for yourself because some things can not be bought over the internet and this is a prime example . Do n't believe the glowing reviews and do n't even bother to buy this showerhead , you will regret it .
 I had a great showerhead before with an effective massage setting for sore muscles . This one stinks . Wish I could return , but obviously too late now .
 The hose still reeks after 6 months . It practically took an act of God to get it to quit leaking during installation . I had to double a gasket by taking one from my old shower head . The spray options were a joke with the mist one spraying sideways . Water pressure was low even after I removed the restrictor . I just replaced it with a new moen and will take the loss of my $ $ $ rather than deal with this piece of junk any longer .
 I rarely write reviews here on Amazon because I 'm usually satisfied with the products I buy -LRB- i.e. I 'm not very picky -RRB- . This is the first time I 've utilized Amazon 's return policy -LRB- very convenient I might add -RRB- . Anyhow , the first one I received broke while attaching the cheap plastic piece to the faucet . I returned it and promptly received a replacement . This one broke in the exact same way with minimal pressure . I give up on this brand . I 'm going to try something different .
 While this item is listed as `` brushed nickel , '' and the shower head itself looks OK , the arm that holds the unit onto the shower is nothing but cheap , plain dove gray plastic -LRB- not even metal-look , just plain PVC -RRB- . A metal attachment is standard and not only does the plastic look terrible -LRB- and is never mentioned , or shown , anywhere in the description -RRB- , but it also does n't seem like it would hold up very well either . This one is going back to Amazon !
 I 've had several Water Pik hand-held shower heads and been pleased with all of them , but this one was a huge disappointment . The hose is stiff and inflexible , and the handle on the shower head is too short so the thing is off-balanced . My advice is to stick to the original .
 But exactly what one would expect for the price . I use it outside to wash the dobermans . I think they wanted to attack me for making them feel so ` ghetto ' . The 5 modes are 1 -RRB- where 's the water ? , 2 -RRB- Is someone peeing on me ? , 3 -RRB- uh oh , it 's leaking , 4 -RRB- who turned the water off and 5 -RRB- oh , there it is . Garbage !
 Do not purchase this if you are looking for a hand-held water massage . Had I not opened the package and installed this device , I would have returned it immediately . I wanted something with adequate pressure to help my back and neck . This certainly was not what I hoped for .
 The product did not perform as I expected from Waterpik . The pressure from the head was low , even after removing all &#34; filters &#34; or water restricters . The hose was difficult to tighten and tends to leak .
 This is an ` ok ' handheld shower wand . I do n't love it . It has only one setting that I like and use . That 's a shame with a total of five possibilities . The one that I choose to use has too high a flow , but still is the only one I like . If my husband had not thrown out the packaging I would have returned it .
 Apparently this model has a overflow feature which is suppose to let the water drain momentarily . However , the drip never stopped . I have a 2-headed Waterpik model and it does not do this . Product was returned . That 's it for me for Waterpik shower heads .
 I was a bit surprised that the whole thing was made of plastic ; I do n't know how long it will last , but I kept it .
 This hand-held shower head does n't have the usual force associated with a shower . The massage is weak and not at all invigorating . I am not happy with this purchase .
 I had to return this product . It looked fine and the pressure was good , but despite adjustments with teflon tape and multiple attempts , I could not install it in a leak-free manner . Maybe it is something unique to my shower , but the second shower nozzle that I bought did not have this problem .
 The fact that the entire thing is made of cheap plastic , including the mounting assembly , is not even the issue . The problem is that , even with the water restrictor removed , the water pressure coming out of this thing is pitiful . The holes in the nylon washers through which the water flows are about 1/8 '' inch in diameter.It is like a Seinfeld episode . Do I have to go on the black market to get a shower head with decent pressure ?
 I have used a handheld shower for years , never had a problem . This one is pitiful . With the flow regulater in we achieved a flow of less than a gallon per minute , I measured . Took the flow regulater out managed to get it up to just over a gallon per minute . No pressure at all the water dribbled out of the showerhead in a limp stream . IT LEAKS , it leaked in 4 places where it was fastened to the pipe around the ball out of the joint between the hose and the shower head and around the perimeter of the shower head . There is no way to stop it . With teflon tape , without teflon tape . No matter how hard you tighten . Then there is the bracket you put the showerhead in , it droops , if you plan to use this as a shower on the wall forget it unless you stand under it and let it dribble on you , it does n't matter how much you tighen the ring on the ball joint . I plan to return it . I also plan to never again attempt the experiment of buying Waterpik again . I just wish that it was possible to give no stars . Avoid this product like the plague . To think I paid money for it as well as shipping .
 I recently moved to a new apartment , leaving behind an amazing handheld Waterpik showerhead that had great pressure . I could n't find the same model -LRB- it was an all-white , plastic showerhead -RRB- , so I bought the TRS 553 , which seemed to be the closest match . Even after removal of the watersaving flow regulator , the 553 has an abysmally weak stream . And making matters worse , after 3 weeks of use , it sprang a leak that I could n't fix even after reapplying pipe thread tape.I thought the pressure problem might just be due to living in a new place with lower pressure , but the bathtub fills very quickly , and the problem was solved when I switched to a different showerhead I found on the internet -LRB- although still not as powerful as the old Waterpik -RRB- . If you 're looking for a powerful spray , avoid the TRS 553 .
 I bought this to replace an old 5 mode shower head that had decent but not great massage setting . I am overall disappointed with this product , even after removing the flow regulator it has a weak massage setting that is not much more than a strong spray . It looks good but if you are looking for a massage nozzle do n't buy this product !!
 The only good setting on this head forms a too tightly-focused shower . The mist setting is too wide . The flow is slow , even with the regulator removed . The hose is not long enough . I was disappointed that the head does not pivot up and down , only sideways . However , it was very easy to install , not costly and it looks nice .
 I was very disappointed when I received this because it felt so light . I went ahead and put it up and it leaked . I tried again and again but could n't stop it leaking so I returned it and Amazon was great about it . They paid for the return shipping too .
 I was truly disappointed by this product ! It is almost totally plastic and CHEAP ! We have a water well system and it does not provide the high pressure that this device MUST have to function as described . The only setting that worked well was the standard shower function . The hose is beyond cheap in both looks and function ! Hard to unravel and has little flexibility . I was very surprised to see an average four star rating by Amazon customers .
 This says it has a power spray but it does n't have a power anything ! I think it may have to do with the low-flow option but I do n't like it . I 've already spent more money on a better sprayer and this one has been moved to the guest bathroom . DISAPPOINTING !
 I purchased this hand held shower as an addition to my existing bathtub . I am changing over all my fixtures to brushed nickel , and expected that the mounting bracket would have the same finish as the shower head . No so with this model . The mounting bracket is grey plastic and makes an otherwise nice looking shower look cheap . I did not open the package , so I can not comment on how it performs . I am returning it because of the grey plastic mount .
 In my old house , I used to have an older Teledyne Waterpik showerhead that worked very nicely , was made out of sturdy plastic and had a six foot hose . This new one that I bought -LRB- big box store -RRB- is cheap , pure and simple . The plastic showerhead is low quality and has a very flimsy feel to it while the hose is five feet long . The older six foot hoses were much more flexible and the length made it very easy to use as a bathtub cleaning aide - not to mention when bathing the pooch : -RRB- The nut that tightens the unit to the water pipe -LRB- wall -RRB- is next to impossible to tighten adequately ; too loose and it leaks , too tight and the rubber washer slips into the wall pipe -LRB- this is a standard chrome plated pipe that 's used in shower installations -RRB- . I was able to somewhat straighten the hose by soaking in the kitchen sink for about 20 minutes in very hot water , but it still is unruly . Maybe it will straighten with use.Since I bought three of these for each bathroom , i 'll be returning them and try out the Delta units .
 I was shocked that this shower head leaked , given the glowing reviews by other Amazon.com customers . The shower head installed within seconds , but water leaked near the top of the head , near where the spray control dial . I called Waterpik to see if they could offer a solution , but they just suggested I return the item for a refund . The item itself did n't look like very good quality The head feels like plastic , not metal , and the hose itself was so stiff , it would n't lay flat against my shower wall . I 'll be looking for another shower head tonight !
 All Plastic massage shower heads are junk . They do not with stand the water pressure and the seals give out and wala no more massage function . Just plain over seas made crap . No stars . Have had 3 of them in last year . Enough said . save your money .
 This item spewed water from the ball valve connection and no water reached the shower head itself , no matter how tight the ball valve connection was tightened . In fact the tighter it was , the harder it was to swivel the unit on the ball . Tightened all connections as much as I dared ; tried toggling the water saving trickling button . Nothing solved the problem . It is going back and I 'm done experimenting with Water Pik . If I could have given it zero stars , I would have .
 My very first impression upon opening the package was `` cheap '' . I sat there holding a very lightweight piece of molded plastic and instantly I was sorry I purchased it . The shower head and the fittings are just so cheap looking I just can not emphasize it enough . Once I had accepted the fact I had purchased a piece of junk I went ahead and installed it rather than returning it . I know , I know then why am I complaining about it ? Like many of us I just hate the hassle of returning things which I 'm certain manufacturers are aware of . I also decided to install the shower head `` only '' onto the exiting `` metal '' connection . I figured this way I could get this thing to last longer by not using the plastic fittings it came with , or at least I hope so . I also decided to hang on to my old shower head which still kind of works just in case my worst fears come true . As for the five settings I will be using two of them because the other three are , well I 'm not sure how to describe them . Needless to say I am not happy with this thing , am sorry I bought it and can only hope that some day we will go back to making things in this country instead of `` you know where '' . `` Waterpik '' you should be ashamed of yourselves !
 We never actually got to use the product . The connectors were made of plastic . The cheap China made product broke as we were assembling it . I would research hand held shower heads made with metal parts . Inferior product .
 I only bought it two weeks ago . When I rec 'd the package , at first , I was shock that the hose is wrapped by plastic ??!! Not only it made the whole tube too stubborn to lay flat against the wall and stay on one position , but also I can tell it 's gon na crack soon because of temperature shift . Then , after installation , it leaks !!! I mean not from where you attach to the wall but shower head itself !! No matter you switch to either setting , it starts leaking right after you settle it ... The reason I bought a new one is because the end of tube of my old one started leaking and we sort of losing water pressure.But it only happened after 3-year use which I would consider as reasonable.With this new one , I am already losing water from the head like the old time . What 's the point for me to replace a new one then?I was so mad when I see the leaking and immediately wanted to return it . But my husband stopped me since he already installed it and threw away the packing . So I have to just stand for it . Next time , I would rather go to Walmart and check the actual product myself before buying .
 Basically all the reviews with a one or two stars for this handheld shower set were correct . Here is the recap :1 . Very low pressure/water flow . Not sure what the manufacturer 's OptiFlow technology is but definitely it has failed here .2 . The cord is a plastic hose that you would n't use as your garden hose . That 's how bad it is , I ended up buying a SS from HomeDepot and replaced it .3 . The different flow options are useless , when using anything but the basic/normal setting you might as well turn off the water.On the other hand :1 . The installation was simple .2 . No leaks - I made sure I used extra washers and tapes wherever I could after reading the reviews to be preemptive .3 . The handheld shower itself is light but solid . Stays put on the handle and works for what I needed which is for cleaning the shower not so much for taking a shower with .
 Usually , I do not buy when the number of one star rating is more than 10 % of the number of 5 star rating . I did not follow my own rule in this case . I am pretty good with tools and plumbing work . The problem is leakage at hose connection to the hook . Apparently , some people had good luck with this product ; however , it is clear from the rating distribution that many people also had problems with this product . Do not take a risk . Do not buy this product . In addition to the leakage problem , it also has a cheap low-quality feel even by standards of plastic shower heads . My old plastic shower was made by the same manufacturer , last more than 15 years and it had a better quality . This one does not .
 Description says 5 mode - I find only 3 modes and it cuts water pressure . But it looks good and keeps me clean !
 I 've been using Waterpik 's for years . My initial impression of this model was that it seemed very light , and therefore of lower quality than other Waterpik 's I 've owned.After 10 months of use , I 'm not happy with how it has held up . The water is emitted from small rubber openings -- some of which have distorted so that water sprays off to the side . On mine , one stream now sprays towards my eyes . I 'll probably have to replace it before long , so I ca n't recommend this item .
 This is the second one we 've purchased , and although it does the job , it 's pretty limited . As far as the head goes , the massage and mist settings are n't useful , but it works ok as a regular showerhead . The real problem is that the hose they use now is way too rigid for the application . Even after a couple weeks , it still has n't laid against the wall . If we had a showerstall , this would definitely be a problem . See the picture . Buying a better hose for $ 15 or more sort of eliminates the savings .
 The connection to hook it up is very shoddy . PLASTIC and wo n't tighten up without appearing as though it will break or crack . It leaks and would n't last very long . Too bad , Waterpik used to make a decent product . Unforunately most of these showerheads are all plastic now and need replacing often , they are almost disposable .
 The Waterpik TRS - 553 has been a disappointment because of the weak flow of water on fast massage . We have plenty of pressure in our shower -LRB- new plumbing , etc. -RRB- and my old Waterpik was great ! really giving a deep massage until I could no longer change settings.The new unit , on fast massage , barely washes the soap and conditioner off the shower floor .
 pretty cheap , but what would you expect for $ 25 . I just ordered a hand-held shower -LRB- DELTA -RRB- for our new master bath and that one cost over $ 200 and is all metal . This Waterpik is plastic and broke when we tightened it .
 The spray force is too low even with the low flow device removed and the hose is a foot shorter than my old Waterpik which lasted ten years till the hose broke.Not a happy camper with the newer model .
 hose is gray not chrome had to us channelocks to tighten fittings to stop leaks bought delta same price install was a breeze you would think waterpix would be a good product cause they make so many showerheads
 I 'm very disappointed in this item . It worked immediately after installation , but when it was put to actual use , it started leaking at the connection of the hose and the showerhead holder . No amount of adjusting helped . I tried it with and without the washer , I tried it upside down , I tried it with the ends switched . It just did not work for me .
 Well I 've purchased one of these , and in the first week , it sprung a head leak . Took it back , got another , the very next day ... almost the same thing . Now for the record , I 'm about as gentle on this thing as can be . Maybe the worst luck , but I will not be returning this one for anything but a refund . : -LRB-
 I could not believe that within a couple of months the shower head was leaking on the sides of its threads . And yesterday the holder for shower head broke on its side ... . I mean the one side of U shape piece that holds the head , broke down . Interestingly in the other bathroom I have a Kohler head which is still in action for last 7 years.So much for Waterpik for me . no more ...
 Ours puts out TOO much water - emptying our hot water heater in just a few minutes , yet the massage spray feels feeble compared with our old showerhead . I guess they do n't make them like they used to.It will be replaced .
 No water pressure at all , and I had GREAT water pressure before installing . And my water bill was $ 25.00 more than it usually is .
 Used this for about 15 minutes before I noticed the black rubber handle sliding off the fiberglass shaft . Had to constantly smack it back into place just to get the job done . Returning item .
 Hammer has a good feel and is the perfect size . I bought it to use at work but the handle broke off after using it the second time .
 While the idea of this spindle sander is a good one the execution of the product is severely lacking . The entire unit is made of plastic . The construction reminded me of some of my son 's toys . The unit I received -LRB- while possibly a lemon -RRB- did not work correctly right out of the box . The spindle would not oscillate and the unit made a horrible grinding noise . Upon investigation the problem was discovered to be caused by one of the two cogged belts in the unit slipping on the motor pulley . There is no way to adjust the tension of either of the belts . Had the construction of this unit made it worth the effort to fix this problem I would have done so , but with a unit made entirely of plastic , why bother . I would have thought that at the very least the housing which holds the motor and the oscillating spindle would have been of cast metal since the tension of these belts seems to be critical . I am returning the unit to Grizzly.My one star is for the basic idea as I think a small unit like this would be a great thing to have if its not something you use every day . But it needs to be robust enough to work properly when I need it!That all being said , I own numerous Grizzly products and will order from them again . I have always been pleased with the machinery I have received from them . I guess they ca n't be perfect with everything .
 This lamp looks beautiful . And that 's where it ends . No matter how I positioned the lamp and the arms on my desk , I could not get this lamp to provide enough light to comfortably work at my computer or sewing machine . The quality is quite disappointing , from microscopic , threaded pins that hold the bulbs/covers in place -LRB- NOT -RRB- , to inconsistent fitting of the actual LED bulb prongs into their bases . If you need a conversation piece , go for it . However , if you are looking to actually add functional light in your home , I 'd recommend moving on ... Hope this was helpful .
 We purchased these units because they are `` plug compatible '' with the ten-year-old BRK models -LRB- # 5919 -RRB- that were installed throughout our house - this would allow me to install them without re-wiring . Those older units were somewhat aggravating for reacting to over-enthusiastic kitchen activity but at least one could say they were detecting actual smoke . Only very recently have two of them been giving the occasional truly-false alarms ... A quick read showed that the 5919s are supposed to be replaced after 10 years and I was initially glad to find these 7010s that would plug right-in to the existing wiring for the older units.Although the 7010 is touted to have much-improved resistance to `` false alarms '' we had a sadly different experience.The first night they were installed we had two instances of false alarms which would not even turn off using the reset button . At three in the morning , needless to say , there was no cooking smoke and no vacuuming or any other activity of the sort to stir up even a little dust.After the second false alarm I pulled the plug on the units and they sit on a shelf right now.I purchased two of these to qualify for Amazon 's free shipping with the intent of buying the remaining six needed for our house once these had been verified as actually being plug-compatible with the 5919 . I 'm definitely glad I did n't buy those other six but still a pretty disappointed customer.ALSO NOTE - If you are buying his unit to directly replace older 5919 's note that the `` base plate '' for the 5919 is not compatible with the 7010 - so you ca n't just remove your older units and pop-in the 7010 's . You will still have to spend some time up on a ladder unscrewing the old base plates from the ceiling and installing the base-plate for the 7010 .
 We have three of these exact fire detectors in our house and any time you cook anything in the oven they start to go off . I should n't have to turn the oven fan on high and open windows just to cook a porkchop , potato , etc in the oven . If you enjoy cooking or cook alot I would avoid these alarms at all cost since having all three go off at the same time is ear shattering and annoying . The do there job but are way to sensitive to any little cooking smoke or smell .
 I long for the day when a smoke detector went off if I was cooking something smokey and you could wave a towel under it to stop the alarm , or pull out the battery . We renovated our 150 year old house and had this system installed by our electrician . It goes off constantly even though all 20 of the batteries were replaced at once and the systems is cleaned regularly . It is a nightmare when the alarm goes off . We had the alarm go off this morning at 5:20 AM for a half an hour . We are removing the system .
 I got this item for putting in bricks during patio renovation . It broke on the third brick . The rubber mallet separated from the handle . I had to go to a Home Depot to purchase another one -LRB- different brand -RRB- in order to complete the job . The new one cost less than this one and it did n't come apart .
 This mallet worked well for a brief time , but after only one afternoon of moderate work the mallet head fell off . I taped it on with duct tape , but it was unstable and completely unusable . A disappointment , and nearly a disaster as I was in the field at the time .
 I would never buy this mallet again ! After using it only three times the mallet came off the handle . Very poor quality
 I recently recived the Tekton Fiberglass hammer . Before I opened the package I could smell the bad odor of chemicals . After I opened it , checked it out I found a small label that said , `` California Warning
 I bought this Shop-vac 906-15-19 1 1/4 '' round brush accessory to replace the one that came with my shop-vac , because the bristles were curling up and matted at the edges . Which makes picking up the dust and debris around edges and corners impossible . The problems with the new one , are
 The bags I receieved were not labeled `` Shop-Vac 9067200 '' as shown in the picture of the item . The bags I received have no printing on them so I 'm not sure if I received the equivalent of the Shop-Vac `` High Efficiency Bag '' or just a regular dirt collection bag which sells for less . Also , if I wanted a generic bag , I could have ordered them from any number of sellers for lot less . I paid a premium for a Shop-Vac High Efficiency Bag -LRB- P/N 9067200 -RRB- , which was shown in the ad and did n't get them !
 They fall apart when the slightest bit wet or when they get full . Not a good product unless you keep it dry and empty it when it is half full , doubling the cost .
 When installed this bag hits the motor and support structure in the middle of the vacuum . This causes the bag NOT to open up and there for actually blocks the vacuum from working
 This item is described correctly , but the picture is the floor nozzle that is about 1 '' x 14 '' that works much better . The wide opening on this piece is not good floor finished and is prone to scratching floors
 I bought this to replace the original floor nozzle which came with our Shop-Vac , now sadly lost . Unfortunately , this product is quite inferior and in retrospect I wish I had n't bought it.First of all , either because it does n't make a strong connection with the floor or some other design problem , the suction when using this attachment is drastically curtailed . Second of all , the attachment is completely useless unless the surface you are vacuuming is extremely smooth , which my garage floor mostly is n't . Third of all , on the rare occasions when it deigns to add any value to the vacuuming , it can only vacuum when being pushed forward due to the line of bristles at the back of the attachment -LRB- when you pull it towards you it looks like it 's cleaning until you realize that the bristles are just pushing the floor debris along -RRB- ; but when you push it forward you ca n't get a smooth motion , so you still wind up only vacuuming a fraction of the floor.I 'm actually rather astonished that an actual Shop-Vac accessory could be so poorly designed .
 was dissappointed by the fact that this is very thin wire and doesnt seem to be heavy duty . I hope it holds up but I have my doubts .
 Very dissatisfied with the pencils . No matter how carefully I sharpen them , the lead snaps off . I gave a few to a friend and he also had the same problem . If it was n't such a hassle and if not that I tossed out the paperwork , I would have asked for my money back.Just tough luck for me , I guess .
 Do not buy it is very cheap rubber and has no weight behind it . The handle edges are sharp and it is uncomfortable to hold.The metal is a cheap alloy . There are ok Chinese products and even more cheap or dangerous Chinese products . This is the latter.I just threw mine away it was n't worth the time to send back.Learn from my lesson just spend a few extra dollars and get something better .
 Good as a back-up but the head is flimsy cheap rubber . Poor craftsmanship . There 's a fringe from the mold that is annoying . The rubber is textured , not smooth . I do n't like the weight balance . It is too light .
 It did n't illicit any kind of reflex ... it needs to be heavier ... also the attending asked me to bring another one ...
 It 's a reflex hammer , but it 's not like the picture , It is a textured rubber and the colors do n't match at all .
 When I got my nozzles , they where not what is shown in the pictures , you show here ! And I payed $ 13 . and change too return them ! I would like my money back , but mostly would like too get 10 of the nozzle shown !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Be aware how tiny these tools really are , what appears to be a huge part in the photo is the 1.25 '' adapter ! These tools are so small that they almost completely block off the airflow . They * will * work , albeit very very slowly , I found them to be almost useless .
 Disappointing product . Once attachments are applied and extention used , any amount of pressure used created the parts to come apart . Had to use tape to keep parts from falling apart during use .
 It seems as if my package was crushed , the strands of stapleswere all -LRB- -RRB- broken not a single full strip . Oh well they ` restaples .
 This item came to us chipped . They had tried to repair it ... botched the repair and then shipped it out as though it was new at full price . Had already removed old sink ... had to go out and pay more locally and then go through the hassle of returning it . If I could give this company negative 5 star rating I would .
 COLORS ARE BASIC IN MOST INDUSTRY . BONE IS A BASIC COLOR & CUSTOMER IS NOT HAPPY WITH THE YELLOW TONE
 I should have looked closer at the recent reviews . This did not include the blue lens . Only 1 red and 2 clear . Wanted both red and blue for stage work . It sounds like quality control in assembling the kit is falling short .
 The description says that it has an AMBER lens . It does not , so I had to return it .
 it came with 2 red lens and a cracked clear one . it didnt even come with the blue lens as the package says it should . the rubber lens holder was broken right out of the package .
 Should of stayed home and bought didnt read discription on shipping cost way more with the shipping cost .
 I purchased 4 different sizes . They must of gotten abused during shipping . Unfortuneately , I did n't check them for a couple months after they arrived . Every single stick of staples was broken into dozen of tiny pieces . Thought I saved money buying online , but really just threw the money away .
 These staples arrived two weeks afer placing the order . All of the staples were smashed , perhaps due to inadequate padding in the shipment . Essentially , the product was unusable when it arived . I would not recommend purchasing this product online from this supplier .
 Got the order yesterday -LRB- UPS -RRB- . Smallish carton , with 2 packs of staples -LRB- 1/4 '' , 1/2 '' -RRB- and a pair of aircraft-type snips . Opened the carton and the 1/4 '' staples were 99 % out of their box , scattered in the carton , and the sticks of staples all broken . It would n't be hard to either shrink-wrap or tape the box so the staples stay in it . I 'm going to send a complaint to Amazon . Wo n't be buying staples from Amazon again . I buy a LOT of stuff from Amazon , but staples ? No more . Staples themselves ? Have n't used 'em yet . Those few I * can * use , I mean .
 Bought and carefully installed one of these to replace the original fill valve in a Mansfield toilet . Worked fine at first , then after a couple of weeks the tank would no longer fill . Took the cap off and determined that the lever movement was impeded by the seal failing to seat itself correctly in the cap . Called customer support , the rep suggested that I could try picking up a replacement seal at the store . Keep in mind that the original fill valve in this toilet worked for 16 years without a problem . So I went to the store -- to return my purchase .
 I am happy to see several content albeit not handyman customers . After installing a number of these 400A 's , I would say you have a 50-50 chance getting a functional one . I just installed another one and the float does n't float ! Therefore the valve kept shooting more water every 30 seconds until it overflowed the tube . What should I expect , cheap product , cheap results.If you review the Korky Quietfill Valve here on Amazon , you 'll find numerous Fluidmaster 400A being tossed for them . Much better construction and overall dependable function . Also , if you do n't have a water descaler like found at www.stopwaterscale.com , then you will get scum build-up on the 400A in a couple years sufficient to require another replacement of the Fluidmaster . The sliding float gets caught if the center tube is slimmed with scale , which causes it to fail . The Korky Quietfill Valve has no such problems and should last as long as your water softener membrane , which is subject to city water chemicals .
 Inside the unit , there is a rubber valve membrane . When the tank fills , and the float goes up , the membrane is pushed down by a tiny steel pin going through it . After some time , the pin wo n't push , it will just slide to and fro . And the valve wo n't close anymore . You have to replace either the whole head , or just the membrane -LRB- 2-3 dollar -RRB- . This is a design flaw , existing for long time . Anybody knows different make of toilet valves ?
 I never imagined that I would have a strong opinion about a plumbing component , but I hate this thing . Unfortunately , my apartment building only uses these fill valves . They 're awful -- I 'm on my third one in about 6 years.The first two developed the same problem
 I bought a new American Standard with the Fluidmaster 400 Anti-Siphon Toilet Tank Fill Valve , because I could n't find a flapper valve for my old the Crane toilet -LRB- apparently , the flapper valve I needed has become a rare commodity -RRB- . The Crane ran and ran , which wasted a lot of water and drove me crazy at night . I thought newer would be better -LRB- and American Standard seemed like a good bet -RRB- , but in short order -LRB- a month or less after the toilet installation -RRB- the Fluidmaster 400 began to run , but not because of the flapper valve . This time it was the tank fill valve . The lever attached to the arm that connects to the float would not close all the way . I saw a repair tip on YouTube to fix this issue -- cleaning grit from the valve -- but it turns out that the fix was not applicable to my brand new Fluidmaster 400 . Anyway , I am still looking for the fix . I am someone who expects newer designs to be more robust , but sadly this has not been the case with the Fluidmaster 400 .
 I 've gone through a few of these , it does n't take long before the valve stops doing it 's job . They leak and and wo n't shut the water off . I had to replace mine yet again just after a year . I brought the new one home , installed it and right away the valve was already bad . So I exchanged it and yet another brand new valve was bad . So I took it back and exchanged for the Corky brand instead ... . perfect ! No runs , no leaks and as a bonus the Corky is even quieter . I wo n't buy from FluidMaster again .
 Purchased 2 of the Fluidmaster 400A units at Home Depot for $ 8 - the plumbing rep there recommended the part and told me to read instructions twice before installing . Glad I did.The parts do not match the instructions included - the `` angle adapter '' is either missing or has been replaced with a plastic clip of a different design . Not really interested in making up my own design on the fly - I went to the Fluidmaster website . There 's no Help for the Fluidmaster products - just a sales-oriented Flash site . I downloaded the PDF instructions available there , and found them to be the same as what came with the 2 units I purchased.The toll free number on the bottom of the packaging -LRB- 800-631-2011 -RRB- is not functioning ; the toll number listed on the website only works M-F . This unit feels cheaply made , and the incorrect instructions combined with the lack of useful support has me heading back to the store for a better option .
 I bought an old house with old toilets . Got tired of them not stopping after a flush . After coming home from a day at work to find a toilet had been running all day , went out and bought three new toilets . Had them all replaced by a plumber.All the same American Standard high end toilets with the Fluidmaster 400 . After just a couple of months of use started having problems with them - not flushing , not turning off . Opened up the tank to see this over-engineered contraption that I could n't figure out . The toilet came with no instructions on the ballcock.After trying several adjustments and going to the useless Fluidmaster website -LRB- how about some pictures on how to fix it guys ? -RRB- I finally found the review here with the `` secret instructions '' on how to get the thing apart . Finally got it working okay -LRB- only five flushes so far so we will see -RRB- . Still have two with intermittent problems.Unless you are a plumber or related to one , or you can spend a couple of hours on the Internet trying to find instructions why would you want such a complicated product for such a simple function ? I have owned houses and fixed my own plumbing for decades and never have had such a problem trying to get something to work . The old style ballcock works just fine for years , maybe decades . This one did n't make it past one year without causing grief.Before you buy please note that a couple of the positive reviews use exactly the same wording as the Fluidmaster website . Kind of makes you wonder about who really wrote them . Also take a look at the Fluidmaster website and read the tips on how to repair the unit . If you ca n't understand the instructions on how to fix it , do n't buy it .
 I installed 3 fluidmaster # 400A units recently , carefully following the instructions . Initially , it works as advertised . There are `` weird '' things now occurring as a result
 I made the big mistake of replacing a couple of toilets in my house with Briggs 4400 's . They use the Fluidmaster 400 tank fill valve and I have problems with them every single year . I have city water that is a little hard and it causes the black float to bind on the gray tube after about 1 - 1.5 years . I have tried cleaning the parts but you ca n't clean inside the hole of the black float . So every year or so I have to replace the thing . Fun .
 This assembly may not come with all the parts you need . According to the instructions , there are four possible types of toilet water lines in your bathroom . This assembly includes the parts necessary for two of them . When you get to the instruction for attaching the water line , they say -LRB- paraphrasing -RRB-
 This worked ... for less than two years . Then it started running . Apparently it chose to do this while I was on vacation . You can imagine my dismay at the astronomical water bill . Recommend you get something else .
 This lamp requires a special size S bulb , not the standard size bulb . Also , the MAXIMUM wattage you can get is 40W . Personally , I need a brighter light than 40W . Other than this , it looks to be a good product -LRB- I will be sending mine back -RRB- . These details are not mentioned under the product specifications as they should be .
 The Arrow T50 staple gun used to be a simple , dependable tool . I had one for 20 years and never had a problem with it . My staple gun disappeared from the job site , now I know why -- the old ones worked , the new ones are junk ! After 2 hours of frustration trying to tack insulation , jams every few minutes with Arrow brand staples -- I took a hammer to it ! Save your money and buy something else !
 I understand this product is cheap , but for me , it 's just too shoddy to justify purchasing at any price . It 's frustrating to use and it 's just plain stupid that Arrow would tell anyone this thing is `` Heavy Duty '' . Compared to WHAT ? A Swingline desk stapler ? At least the Swingline does what you expect it to do . The Arrow does NOT . It bothers me to see `` Made in America '' on a shoddy product.What 's OK
 O.k , all I was trying to do was build a `` cat condo '' ! I simply needed a staple gun to staple the carpet to some wood . I remember my dad had a staple gun that worked great , and would shoot staples across the garage . So I went to Home Depot to get a staple gun . I found the Arrow T50 that looked pretty familiar , so I bought it along with two boxes of different size staples . I took it home , loaded some staples in , and could not get it to work . I tried to hold it at different angles , and tried everything I could think of . It finally started shooting staples , but only about 1 out of five would work ... So back to Home Depot I went . I returned the thing along with the remaining staples , and hoped to find a `` better '' one . There were not really many other options , so I thought I would try another one ! So I bought another T50 along with more staples . I took it home and again immediately had problems . I loaded the staples and it did n't work ! I tried to remove the staples , but they seemed stuck . I tried to use it again , and eventually got some stapling done . I tried to load the second round of staples , and it jammed completely , and would not work at all . I just do n't know why this thing wo n't work . I have the correct T50 staples of different lengths , and none seem to work correctly . I believe this is similar to the one I remember from long ago , except I remember the staples being wider . I do n't know how Arrow could have made these things this long , and yet they work so badly . Did they change the design ? Did they cheapen the parts ? So I have to go back to the Depot again for the return . Maybe I 'll see what Lowe 's has . Stanley also makes a stapler , so maybe I 'll give Sears a try too .
 This stapler is not worth a penny . It constantly jams . Every time I reload , it takes about 10 jams and half of the new clip of staples until it starts working . And yes , I am using genuine Arrow T50 staples for reloads . I know this is the only stapler like it on the market , but you would be better off with a hammer and a box of staples . Save your $ 20
 as someone else said , perhaps it is only the particular one I was unfortunate enough to buy , but this is maddening to use this tool . I 'm at the Amazon website right now looking for a replacement .
 Works great for putting 1/4 '' staples through thin material . But if you are trying to put 1/2 '' staples through even a few layers of paper or fabric , bring your hammer , because you have to help the staples for the last 1/8 to 1/4 '' . And of course , the staples will just bend then.Tried to use this to tack roofing paper down and most recently for reupholstering some dining room chairs . Again , the 1/4 '' staples worked fine , but once the fabric was double in places , the 1/4 '' was n't long enough , and the 1/2 '' did n't go in all the way . And yeah , I was leanin ' on it too.But it does never jam .
 Garbage , utter garbage . I 've had every incarnation of Arrow stapler , from the classic to the `` upper end '' models and they ALL FAIL shortly after purchase even with Arrow brand staples .
 I had an old Swingline that worked great , but got broken at a job site . Never had any trouble with the Swingline . However , the Arrow T50 RED is a piece of crap . I was trying to staple nylon webbing to a canoe set and spent most of my time clearing jams and trying to figure out why staples would not fire , even though the stapler was full and seemed operational . Planning on retuning the T50 RED for a refund . Do n't waste your money ... find a better quality staple gun .
 I bought this for putting up xmas lights . It ran through about 100 staples , jammed up , and there is no way to take it apart to clear the jam , so now it 's a paper weight . A real piece of junk . It says it is made in USA , I doubt it -LRB- quality is Chinese -RRB- but if it truly is , no wonder US businesses are fading fast .
 I bought this because it was supposed to be a quality item made in the USA . turned out to be a piece of junk . Even though I use Arrow brand staples , the gun jams constantly . Not only that , they can be a real bitch to load , especially if you use a short length of staples . Buy another brand or model before you waste money on a T50 .
 I offered to purchase this for a family member for Christmas and after researching a lot os sites found what I thought was exactly what I wanted here . The PICTURE SHOWS the stapler in a case with the two attachments that I was looking for . The attachments are also listed in the description . My brother already HAS the stapler but I bought the whole package to get the case and the attachments . ALL YOU GET is the staper . Could have bought that at HOME DEPOT FOR THE SAME PRICE . Now I have no gift and look like an idiot because I trusted AMAZON . First time buyer and VERY DISAPPOINTED . PUT THE ACTUAL PICTURE SO WE KNOW WHAT WE ARE BUYING !
 Ok , I 've had nothing but trouble with this stapler , and it quite possibly could be a simple defect in my particular one , but I have to comment , regardless.I put up with this staple gun for some time before moving on to another -LRB- Stanley , actually and has n't jammed yet -RRB- , because this one just kept jamming ... over and over . Despite using Arrow staples , in all sizes recommended for this model , I just could n't get more than 3-4 staples in without it jamming again.Seems that others have had better luck , and that 's good . Maybe my issue was just a fluke . Just be aware , there could be more out there with the same defect as mine .
 Just adding to the chorus . I purchased one , with Arrow staples , used as directed , and the gun simply does not work . On the first 20 tries , it spit out about 5 staples , then it stopped working altogether . I was checking out the action and I think the way the gun is built , it fails to push the staples to a position that is square prior to contact with the firing pin . Unfortunately , I can see no way to get into the gun to remedy that defect . I 'm amazed that , with so many reviews like this , stores still carry this product on their shelves . Perhaps you 'll get lucky and buy one without this defect , but how can you trust a company that sells broken tools ?
 I 've owned a couple of these over the years and they work great for awhile . Then , without warning they just stop working and I have n't been able to why or how to fix them . I do n't abuse them and I keep them oiled . I 'm ready to try a different brand . I would pay extra money just to not have to buy a new staple gun every 2 years .
 This is a review of the new RED staple gun from Arrow , an upgrade from the T50 . After trying two of the guns I will not try another . The gun is very powerful and can flush drive a 9/16 staple into hard pine very nicely . However , I had a some problems with the gun . I had many miss-fires when shooting into all materials . I believe the weak spring used to advance the staples might be to blame here . My guns were also very hard to open and fill with staples . The release did not operate properly . Third was when shooting into hardboard with 1/2 staples some drove all the way in and some stood proud of the surface , making it necessary to use the hammer . The last thing was the firing handle would come out of the socket when using it and need to be relocated back in place . All time consuming and frustrating.I am still looking for a better solution . Maybe the Duo Fast CS-5000 ?
 I bought this because of the `` Professional '' indorsement . I figured hey , if a guy had to make a living using this staple gun then it should be what I want to put up insulation and radient barrier in our two story addition . I liked the vast selection of T50 staples and Brad nails that it used . Well I 'm on my second one , and it started jamming and miss firing only after about 1hr of use . I thought this ca n't be , this thing is so damb rugged that Bob Vila should have one of these in each hand . I liked how easy it is to squeeze and when you turn the lever up to the + , it realy sends them home . but when you have to squeeze off 5 times to get 1 staple to come out not so good . I did notice that when I cranked up the power lever , it would chew up and break staples inside the gun . Both guns performed the same only the first lasted a little longer . I realy want to beleive in this gun , to the point that I want to send a video to ARROW . I still have a long way to go putting up that insulation . Maybe I will trade down to the $ 16.99 old fasion all crome model .
 After light use -LRB- homeowner -RRB- for three years , a a ring broke and the clevis pin fell out , rendering the staple gun useless . Warranty ? Two years . Parts available ? Yes , for $ 1.00 plus $ 5.15 shipping from Arrow , for a total of $ 6.15 for a tiny steel ring that should have never broken . Obviously Arrow QA thought this was good enough . In sum , if you need a light-duty , not very comfortable stapler that is cheap at the outset but expensive to maintain , buy this stapler .
 I bought this staple gun because staples are not being made for my 40 + year old Bostitch any longer , and this stapler seems to be one of the few choice around . I am really disappointed . It does not seat the staples like my old Bostitch , so I end up driving most of them home with a hammer . This stapler is poorly designed since the amount of pressure needed to shoot staple does not result in a seated staple . My old Bostitch was easy to push and still seated the staples .
 Never worked well . Needed 10 trys to get one staple in . I did used correct arrow staples .
 Second Arrow stapler I 've had ... both broken within a year . DO NOT BUY ARROW UNLESS YOU ONLY NEED A ONE TIME USE TOOL .
 If you enjoy constantly having to take a stapler things apart to remove jams , then the Arrow T-50 `` heavy duty '' stapler is for you . And I never ran any kind of staples through it other than Arrow.Picture this
 I 'm on Amazon looking for a new staple gun because the current one I 've been using is an Arrow T50 . I 've spent more time trying to un-jam the gun and load new Arrow brand staples into the gun than one should ever have to do over the course of a lifetime . Simply put , this thing does not work properly . It constantly jams and pops open . Highly advise going with another brand .
 Garbage , utter garbage . I 've had every incarnation of Arrow stapler , from the classic to the `` upper end '' models and they ALL FAIL shortly after purchase even with Arrow brand staples .
 I bought this as part of completely rewiring a trailer . Hooked everything up per standard wiring colors , and the breakaway battery does n't charge , the left taillight blinks with the turn signal , and both brake lights are on with the taillights . Awesome job getting all the connections wrong , thanks . I really wanted to have to cut the plug off , buy another plug , and do it right .
 It works wekk once assembled , but every months or so , from people using it or bumping it , the arm that holds the paper loosened , and must be tightened , or it falls apart . WIll be looking for a replacement .
 light looks nice and lights up great but regardless i even had a electrician look at it , could not make work on dusk to dawn and or by motion detection ! electrician told me after the fact of my purchase that these type devices have a poor rate of proper function . well he sure was correct about my purchase this summer . not worth the trouble to send back but now just use as a standard on off carriage light .
 It works wekk once assembled , but every months or so , from people using it or bumping it , the arm that holds the paper loosened , and must be tightened , or it falls apart . WIll be looking for a replacement .
 This fire extinguisher came on `` empty '' . I went to return it and you ca n't b/c it is a hazardous material . I will never buy this brand nor a product like this from Amazon . Only buy at a local store where you can return it . I gave it a one star b/c my daughter thought the red bottle was pretty .
 The fire extinguisher arrived with the pressure gauge just barely inside of the green zone , which I consider unacceptable charge for a brand new unit . But when I attempted to return this unit , I got a message that this item is a fire hazard and can not be returned to Amazon . The customer should dispose of it in accordance with Local , State and Federal regulations . Tis `` no return '' policy is not mentioned anywhere on the original screen with description of the unit . And if the item is defective , we customers are supposed to just throw it out . Thanks for your `` Easy Returns '' policy , Amazon !
 These are very cheap fire extinguishers . If you have a fire , you want something that will work . I had to throw this Kidde one away and buy an Ansul . After careful review , I have found out that Kidde is the cheapest of all the extinguishers . Buy anything but a Kidde .
 I bought fire extinguisher whichdid n't meet the state standards . So I wanted to return this product but could n't as this product fall in to hazardous materials category . I wish I never bought this from Amazon . I could have got it from Lowes for less than 20 dollars which is 10 dollars cheaper than Amazon .
 I had to use this fire extinguisher for a kitchen fire . It worked well , but then the gauge pointed to `` recharge . '' Today I tried to find a place that would recharge it . Found out that an extinguisher with a plastic handle can not be recharged . The label on the canister states `` Extinguisher must be RECHARGED by a qualified fire equipment service company ... '' This leads one to believe that recharge is possible . The label should state `` ONE USE ONLY . CAN NOT BE RECHARGED . '' I am upset because I now have to put the cylinder in the recycle bin . Seems like a box of baking soda would be a better and more ecological solution .
 I brought this product for the house , I have not have chance of using it . I was kinder disappointed with the price because I saw the same product in Lowe for less . Oh well .
 Do n't buy . There are a whole lot better extinguishers out there . Very good for scrap alumaium .
 I 'm afraid I have a review similar to `` Westphalia . '' Mine had also discharged in the box . Everything was covered in white powder , and the pressure gauge indicated that the bottle was empty.I 'm not sure if this is because of poor construction by Kidde , or if it is because of bad packaging . I can say that there was very little packaging material in the box , so it had plenty of room to jostle around.Just contacted Kidde customer support , and they directed me to Amazon . Hopefully I can get somewhere with them . * UPDATE * I contacted Amazon customer service through email , and they are placing an order for another extinguisher at no cost . Great service . Hopefully this one makes it intact .
 Just a warning - I have no idea whether this product works or not , and hopefully I never need to find out ! But when the fire extinguisher arrived it had discharged itself inside the box and was completely empty . I contacted Amazon customer service who advised I needed to get a replacement under the warranty from the manufacturer . At first things when went well and I was promised a replacement extinguisher . 2 months and several unreturned emails later , still no exinguisher and no comment from Kidde on where it might . I 've even contacted their customer service manager directly and have not received a response . A lot of work for a cheap fire extinguisher - I should have just gone to the hardware store !
 I ordered two of these and came with the gauge reading empty ! Amazon does not take returns on this type of product !!
 I purchased this product for my home and the manufactured date is 2006 . It is supposed to last at least 12 years and the unit is already showing it needs to be replaced . Do not buy a plastic nozzle extinguisher !!! It is worth the cost to buy a steel or metal unit that will last and can be refilled.Since the seller of this item ca n't understand that extinguishers have a gauge with an arrow that tells you when it needs to be replaced , and since he continues to comment on my review , I am reiterating that when I said `` It is already showing it needs to be replaced '' I am referring to the gauge on the front of the unit . This gauge will show you when it needs to be replaced and it should not need replacement in 2009 when it was made in 2006 . It 's ok ! I picked up a nice steel nozzle Fire Extinguisher from one of our local fire equipment companies . It is an Amerex and was highly recommended .
 When I received this item , it had discharged in the box . Amazon customer service told me I could not return it , because it was a hazardous material . So , I am out $ 25 . I bought a replacement in a store , and when I got it home , the dial said empty . At least I was able to return that one . Before I selected a replacement , I opened the box . I opened about 5 boxes and all were empty or almost empty.Still have n't gotten one .
 My negative experience sadly reflects the other low reviews.You are MUCH better off going to a hardware store and buying one there . Do NOT order on-line . There are too many factors you can not control buying it on-line and Amazon does n't let you return fire extinguishers . Mine arrived intact but already half way on the way to empty . The one I bought 5 years ago was completely full and lasted me 5 years . This one I hope lasts me at least 2 .
 Maybe the product is great , but I would n't know . The seller posted this USED item as a new product . They even used a brand new picture for the marquee image . Upon a CLOSE second look , they did put a few actual pictures of the product which was a the only indication that it was used , but only after the first three or four pictures that were of a new item , the one I thought I had purchased . On top of it being used , the canister was completely empty ! Had I not tested the item myself , can you image if I actually needed to use it to put out a fire ?! What kind of seller would sell and ship an empty fire extinguisher and NOT EVEN PUT THAT IN THE PRODUCT DESCRIPTION ?!
 When I opened the box I found that it had discharged in the box . I contacted Amazon.com and got a refund of the purchase price.Kidde FA110 Multi Purpose Fire Extinguisher 1A10BC
 When I open the box , the powder was scattered everywhere , the lock was not in its place , and the pressure only less than half left . It was terrible ! What was very hepful was only that Amazon was willing to return my money .
 Simply put , this thing is junk made from cheap plastic parts . The immediate response to this comment will definitely be `` WELL U KNEW IT WUZ CHEEPR THEN OTHUR XTINGUESHERS SO U SHULDA KNOWN IT WUZ GON NA BE PLASTICK LOL !!!!!!!!! 11111 '' from people who read this review , but there is no excuse , no matter what the price , for using very breakable cheap plastic parts in a product that is so crucial to home safety . It is simply inexcusable . It 's actually almost a good thing that this thing completely broke during shipping , because if it had been in tact and then broke in my kitchen pantry , I do n't even want to think about the result if I were to find out it broke when I needed to use it.While these ca n't be returned by mail to the seller because they contain `` hazardous materials '' that can not be shipped through the mail , Amazon still refunded me the full amount after I notified them that it came broken . Lesson learned , I suppose . Do n't buy something this important sight unseen .
 The item arrived on time but when I opened it , the fire extinguisher clearly discharged . There was some powder residue all over the place and the red plastic pin was found at the bottom the box . This item should have been packaged more carefully . It does look like I am not the only one who had this issue . I guess it 's my loss . I ca n't return it .
 I got the product in broken condition at arrival - the nozzle was broken . All else seemed fine but I dont think I can use it .
 Product description indicates a metal gage , which would allow you to have the unit refilled . The item I received clearly says &#34; disposable &#34; on the package and has a plastic gage/discharge nozzle . Also , the meter indicates this unit is only about halfway full . I feel like I wasted my money on a non-refillable item which will only last me half as long as it should .
 I purchased this fire extinguisher and when it arrived , it was COMPLETELY EMPTY ! I contacted Amazon and did get a refund .
 Hard to say how well the product works because I got it delivered and the box was damaged pretty badly . The indicator also showed that it was only about 70 % full . Fortunately , Amazon gave me a refund and did n't even require me to send it back -LRB- I believe because of some mailing restrictions re shipping hazmat -RRB- . So basically 1 star for the product and 4 for Amazon .
 I ordered 2 extinguishers from this company . When the package arrived 1 extinguisher was completely discharged in the box . I contacted the company and they told me to return the faulty extinguisher and they would give me a refund . But the cost of the return postage would greatly reduce my refund . After I ordered from this company I found the same extinguisher in a `` Target '' store for $ 4.00 less.I hope no one else is taken by this company .
 The packing did not protect the extinguisher and it arrived with a dent . I 'm not sure a dented extinguisher is dangerous or just fine but Amazon does n't have any way to ask . You ca n't return fire extinguishers to Amazon so you are much better off buying something like this at a brick and morter store .
 Nice tool , if you 're only doing craft or model work . I 'm not , so it was n't a good fit for me .
 This item came to us chipped . They had tried to repair it ... botched the repair and then shipped it out as though it was new at full price . Had already removed old sink ... had to go out and pay more locally and then go through the hassle of returning it . If I could give this company negative 5 star rating I would .
 COLORS ARE BASIC IN MOST INDUSTRY . BONE IS A BASIC COLOR & CUSTOMER IS NOT HAPPY WITH THE YELLOW TONE
 Built a new house and these were installed . Have fought `` false alarms '' for two years now . Every excuse in the book from bugs in the system to power surges from the power company . I removed the alarms from the garage . Contacted the power company . No other neighbors alarms go off . Even with the garage units removed , periodically these units just go off.I am replacing them all tomorrow .
 Many builders use this cheap product in new homes . If you are considering this product please read all these reviews and buy something decent , like a First Alert product that wo n't wake you up for no reason in the middle of the night and scare you to death . This product should be given ZERO STARS but the lowest rating is one star .
 If there were zero stars available this unit should be assigned to this unit . Changing the battery is way to difficult . It could be dangerous and there are no on line instructions . Even with instructions it still is to difficult and dangerous for the average person to even change the battery . Unless you want to spend a lot of sleepless nights do n't buy this unit .
 From my personal experience and the other reviews here , it would seem this alarm might be more likely to have false alarms ; in the manual they 're called `` Nuisance Alarms '' -LRB- http://www.kiddeus.com/Manual1275en.rsf is an Acrobat/PDF file -RRB- . Like others commenting here , I suspected some sort of defect -LRB- okay , so I was muttering that they were crap alarms , but it * was * 3 a.m. -RRB- or that they had some sort of magical internal clock to allow them to go off in the middle of the night.It seems clear that -LRB- at least for me -RRB- the problem is n't a low battery `` chirp '' , since I am very conscientious about changing the batteries -LRB- every 6 months ; I even use my Dymo LetraTag to label them with the date -RRB- , the `` alarm condition '' indicator is on , and all the units are bleeping thanks to the interconnect.We had four years of trouble-free protection , but have had Nuisance Alarms at least once per year for the past three years . This time around , when I took down the last alarm , I found an ant crawling on it . It makes sense that early morning Nuisance Alarms would be insect-triggered . On the other hand , it was a single ant - there is no nest , and this is hardly an infestation.On the plus side : The alarms can be interconnected . This can be a liability , too , especially in the case of Nuisance Alarms . It does demonstrably wake you up inside a closed bedroom if there 's a problem elsewhere in the house.The alarms are powered by AC , with the battery as a backup . Sort of `` belt and suspenders '' plan , but the more failsafes in a safety product , the better . It also seems a little louder than strictly battery units , although this might be due to the interconnected alarms going off together.On the minus side : Nuisance alarms appear to be more common than average . It is unclear whether this is due to a specific flaw , the type of detector , or some other factor . I believe it might be insects -LRB- particularly scout ants -RRB- finding the units as a result of the wiring , which could be another reason to avoid the AC power/interconnect feature.The way they have configured the indicator lights is confusing . A flashing red light indicates normal operation ; the flashing green light is used to show you which unit triggered the alarm . This is the reason that the problem alarm was the last one I took down - the other four had flashing red lights so I checked them first.The AC connection is difficult to unclip . I would have preferred a connector integrated into the mounting base , as you see on digital thermostats . Instead , the wiring comes through the base , and ends in a connector that attaches to the back of the unit with two clips . This connector also covers the battery door , so you have to unclip the wire each time you change the battery .
 Same problem as everyone else . Installed them as a replacements for old alarms . After a couple of months starting getting false alarms on two different alarms . Called the 800 number and was told that the alarms had dust or bugs in them and to clean them . I told her I never had problems like this with the old ones and I had read a bunch of negative reviews on the internet . Her responce was that they were not responisible for dirt or bugs . Good old `` Not our fault '' customer service.NOT RECOMMENDED . -LRB- Unless you like false alarms -RRB-
 We have about ten of the Kidde 1275 smoke alarms in our house and have had the `` 3AM problem '' since we moved into the house -LRB- when new -RRB- four years ago . Everything you read on these reviews was certainly true for us . Chirping alarms -LRB- even after replacing all batteries with new ones -RRB- and everything going off for no apparent reason in the middle of the night . At this point , I 've been ripping units out of the ceiling and now have removed enough of them so only half are still installed . It 's time to replace them with different units from another manufacturer -- we 're all tired of losing sleep!DO NOT buy these units unless you enjoy lots of maintenance in high places and losing sleep !!
 We have a new home with this model installed and now 6 months later and after 2 nights of false alarms awaking us first at 3AM and then again later , these units are now removed . We examined them -LRB- clean and no dust -RRB- , changed batteries and found nothing wrong ... just another night of disconcerting awakening . The builder did not leave us a manuel and neither can we find one online . I 'm writing this at 2:30 AM after having found these very helpful reviews ... thank you ! ... I can go back to bed without fear except minus detectors until we purchase new ones . Do not purchase this model !
 I am writing this at 2am because I could not figure out how to shut off the stupid smoke alarms without pulling it out of the ceiling and removing the battery . I can not find the manual , and I can not find one online . The alarm went off and there is no fire , no dust , no apparent reason for waking us all up in the middle of the night . Tomorrow I will look for a new smoke alarm .
 Moved into our home a year ago and it had the Kidde 1275 alarms - no manuals left for us . Have had no problem with it chirping -LRB- even in the kitchen -RRB- but when I went to change the battery learned I would have to disconnect the AC wiring tab to access the battery compartment . The AC wiring has locking tabs that prying with a screewdriver will not release - and no instructions on how to disconnect are on the unit . The manufacturer should provide online documentation considering this a is a safety device . I am concerned that I will break the tab/wiring harness and have to wire in a new unit . I am handy enough to replace it but if people are to service these regularly there should be better support . Given todays internet capabilities I no longer think there is a reason for a manufacturer not to have online documentation . 2 stars for poor support .
 THe same thing has happened to me with these smoke alarms . It would go off in the wee hours of the morning for about 4 sec . then a couple of minutes later , it would go off again . Does anyone have a suggestion for a good smoke alarm that actually works properly ?
 We have 3 of these , one for each level , interconnected in our home . I guess we should consider ourselves lucky since we 've had no 3 AM false alarms in 11 years . The chirping signals that the battery needs to be replaced . To do so , pull the white plastic pin which allows the unit to rotate and hang from its AC wires . Press both sides of the AC plug and disconnect the AC from the unit . Open the battery door and insert a new 9V battery . Reassemble the unit by reversing the above steps . The unit will then aggravate you by chirping for 5 to 15 minutes until it clears itself and then you 'll hear silence until the next battery replacement . My wife has tested our main floor unit a few times by burning something in the kitchen . They do work quite well when there is actual smoke . I have n't cleaned any of my 3 units in 11 years but after reading the reviews , I think I 'll hit them with some compressed air . I came to this site because I need to replace one of the 3 as it 's siren has failed . Best of luck to everyone , and let me know if you find anything on the market which is of better design .
 I know you should n't write a review in anger but after futzing with fire alarms way more than any mere mortal should for over the past year I can not help myself . After having my previous set of Kidde alarms start going off at random times of the day for many months I decided it was close enough to the 10 year mark -LRB- 7 years -RRB- to replace them . This went off without a hitch , or so I thought . Months later and now this model Kidde that I 've replaced in the house has a couple of units that like to stir up trouble . I 'm really glad that someone has found the solution for the incessant chirping `` low-battery '' problem -LRB- even if nothing is wrong -RRB- , but should n't this thing `` just work ? '' And why does it seemingly eat up batteries like it 's trying to support battery manufacturers ? Unfortunately , the local depot does n't have a plethora of choices from which I might move to another model so I 'm stuck . I 'm about to go have an `` office space '' on this thing ... you know , the one where they have at it with that printer ... seriously , i hate this thing .
 Oh please help me ! Not only my dog , but myself and four cats freaked out in the middle of the night -LRB- around 3:00 am -RRB- due to the alarm going off for no good reason . We at first though it was a dream , then , when the little bugger quit and went off again and agin . We thought the house was on fire -LRB- and all the while I 'm looking for pillow cases to evacuate the cats , but no smoke , no fire , false alarm - grrrr -RRB- . No more sleep this night for any of us . It 's like that thing in Alien ... even if you yank it out of the ceiling , it lives to chirp again . You must remove the battery and remove it from the power source to get it to finally die -LRB- and even then it takes awhile -RRB- . Can you sue for lost sleep/mental anguish ??? I 'm sure it took 10 years off my life!Can anyone suggest a replacement ? I 'm going to disconnest these things and buy the regular $ 10 dollar stick up smoke alarm . Any body have any other suggestions?Thanks all and a good night to all of you who had to deal with this piece ' o junk !
 Just like the other posters , I change battereies without fail and have twice since I owned these been woken by an alarm without reason . Simply maddening .
 Piece of junk . It goes off for no reason , but only in the middle of the night .
 This is unbelievable . I thought this was a joke when I saw everyone saying their alarms are going off at 3am , but for the last 2 nights , this stupid alarm has gone off at 2:55 am and 3:00 am on the dot . Quite obviously , no fire , no smoke , no nothing . I thought replacing the battery would help , but it did n't . The only way to get a sound night sleep is to unplug the AC power and take the battery out . This is not a safe option though , as I now have a christmas tree in the apartment and the need for a smoke detector is even more important . Good luck getting my landlord to replace this alarm though . They 'd just replace it with the same model . I 'm damned if I leave it plugged in , and damned if i do n't . You can set your watch by the early morning times that this will wake you up .
 I have the same problem as the other posters here , anytime between 1 - 6 AM it can go off for no reason . So far 4 times this year . If I cook anything in my slow cooker that day there is a good chance it will go off that night , not because of any smoke but because of the smell . Just more Kidde JUNK !!!!
 I will no longer purchase Kidde products because of their lack of customer support . I purchased three smoke alarms for a basement addition and they proved incompatable with my older Kidde units . Multiple inquiries to Kidde customer support went unanswered .
 I concur strongly with the reports of frequent false alarms with the Kidde 1275 and its photoelectric cousin the PE120 . We have a new home with 15 of them -LRB- got to love the new fire codes -RRB- all wired together -- a really BAD idea.In the first few months in our house we had frequent false alarms . Its REALLY difficult to find the offending unit -- you have to find the dimly flashing red light on the one initiating the alarm . You have to do this before the alarm stops sounding . This is really tough to do with a barking dog and screaming child . We finally found the offender -- of course it was the one on the cieling of a 2-story foyer.Since then I 've had 2 have issues with falsely reporting low batteries . Replaced them both.Its now about 2 years later , and the false alarms have started again . I 'm searching for professional models to replace every last one of them . Save your ears . These are n't worth their low price.Kidde needs to change the alarms so that the red light continues to flash on the last smoke detector to sound an alarm , even after the alarm stops -LRB- at least for 15 minutes or so -RRB- .
 I too have been suddenly awakened in the middle of the night several times now by the frightening sound of a fire alarm . I can not pinpoint which one is the culprit as it has been a different unit on two of three occasions . We all know the story of the boy who cried wolf , right ? Well , lets just say I will be replacing all three alarms that are less than one year old with three new ones from a different manufacturer . Good night and sleep well ...
 I agree with all of the other reviews . One thing that bugs me is how the plastic cover discolors after years of use . This appears to be caused by indirect sunlight . I do not know if this is unique to this smoke detector or this happens to all plastic units . This is obviously not the most important criterion when selecting a smoke alarm .
 The alarm does nothing but chirp and set off nuisance alarms . Dust particles will even set off this alarm.Changing batteries , and turning off the circuit breaker wont even turn this thing off . Consider something else before buying .
 they do n't work ?????????????????????????????? all they do is beep all the time . what do i do ??????????
 I was awaken at 3 am with by my smoke alarms and needless to say I was terrified . But after a few seconds , I realized there was no smoke . No big deal since it was the first time . But the problem was that it would n't shut off . I had to unplug it . Left it unplugged for a few days , plugged it back in and the same night , at the same time , another false alarm . I 've had these alarms for 7 years so I figured it was just time to change them out . I bought 3 new ones to replace the old ones and after about 2 weeks , the same thing is happening . Stay away from these !
 Like many others , these alarms were in our house when we bought it and we have no instructions . They went off at all times on several occasions the first year . When one would go , they all go , enough to scare you awake or asleep . This last week we noticed our Yorkie was digging in the yard to get out which she has never done before . She also would cry and look at us when we left like she was begging us not to leave . She seemed scared allot and we could n't figure out why until today . One of the alarms started to go off and she ran down the steps and out her dog door in the middle of a storm and started digging to get away . Finally we knew why she has been acting so strange . Im pretty sure they must have been going off while we were working for her to have such extreme behavior changes . My husband took every annoying alarm out and we threw them in the trash . We finally calmed the dog with a sedative . I sure hope to find an alarm that is much better then these were . Do n't but them , there is nothing good to say .
 My Kidde 1275 fire alarms are chirpers . I replaced the batteries on all my upstairs alarms and they kept chirping . Ca n't find the owners manual . The instructions on the back of the alarm do not cover the problem of continual chirping after battery replacement . The alarm is quite difficult to replace once you have detached it from the ceiling . I 'd like to see the winner who designed this thing . You even have to turn it counter clockwise -LRB- backwards -RRB- in order to re-attach to the ceiling . I suspect many people just get rid of theirs and live in peace .
 Bought a 6 pack of these when we painted the house . Within 18 months , we were having false alarms that always seemed to happen at 3:00 AM . A couple of the alarms are on vaulted ceilings and are a pain to get to . Bought individual ones to replace the bad ones and so far so good . Religiously replacing the batteries every October . Also had the reset problem but figured it out . Bottom line , these are cheap smoke detectors and operate that way ,
 So , here I am at 03:34 AM writing a review for a smoke detector . Why you may ask , well if you have read other reviews on this product you will realize that it is because a false alarm has awoken me for the second night in a row . The first night we thought it was a battery issue but even after changing it continues to chirp . This second we just unplugged it and will be getting a new one tomorrow as this is ridiculous.Please , if you are even remotely considering this model , do you self a favor and get something else . Your family may not thank you , but at least they wont be plotting to kill you after a second night of false alarms in a row .
 People ca n't possibly still be buying these things , can they ? I too find it supernatural that the chirping chorus occurs during sleep hours . My wife is concerned I 'm going to have a heartattack as I drag the ladder out at 3A using every curse word I know . Change the battery , still chirps ! Push the button and have the high decibel screech drive my trembling dog to the farthest corner of the house . Still chirps ! If not for code restrictions I 'd pull them all out and take my chances on a fire .
 I did n't get the item I ordered , model 1275 . Instead they shipped me much cheaper item , model i12040 , that does n't fit , yet I got charged the higher price .
 While we 've never had a fire in our house that would necessitate the smoke detectors going off , that does n't mean we 've never heard their sound . Our smoke detectors , like many others here , have had the alarms go off on several occasions at random . The one thing is that they always go off in the middle of the night , we 've never had one go off during the day.Very odd behavior , very dissatisfied with the product . Do n't buy it , spend your money elsewhere . Has made our house desensitized to a smoke detector 's sound .
 No way to describe the maddening noise these make ! I just tried to change a battery to eliminate the chirping ... now they all are going off and the one with the new battery ca n't be plugged back in without all of them going off.I am tired of the 1:30 am and 3:00 am false alarms -LRB- multiple times -RRB- . This item should never have been released .
 We have had false alarms 4 to 5 false alarms over the years and last night we had 2 - 2:30 am and again at 3 am . I came online to trouble shoot only to realize that it is a product problem . I hate them -LRB- the whole family hates them -RRB- and will be looking for a new product to replace them with .
 Seems that 3am false alarms are the norm for this product . After almost having a heart attack at 3:30 a , when two of the alarms went off in my house for no reason , I had a hard time falling back asleep , for fear of the alarms going off , again . I thought something was wrong with the battery or the wiring in my house , but reading the numerous reviews on this particular alarm let me know that I simply have a sorry alarm system and will be purchasing some new units for my home , this weekend . Nice ...
 I have 5 of those suckers around my house , and I got one instance of false alarms every year . Last night two of them did it 3 times in total
 Yeah we had a few times when the alarms did go off at 2 or 3 in the morn with no idea why . But tonight takes the cake , we just got back from a small vacation and about 20 min ago we heard a poping noise in our bed room while watching tv . Next we smell an electrical fire/smoke smell and we see smoke spewing from the smoke alarm unit . Next thing we know all the units are humming away . I was quick to remove the unit and disconnect it from the main line and carried it out to my garage with it still humming away . The unit really stunk and was really hot . I dont know what the heck is going on here but I did find the owners manual and install manual on line . It does state that the Manufacture warranty 's this unit for up to six years . Our house was built four years ago . Just wanted you all to know this bit of info .
 and i find myself sitting at the computer cause i was awaken out of my sleep by this stupid smoke alarm again , only there was no smoke or fire . and not being able to find the manual around the house i went online to try and find 1 . and this was the only place i could find a manual for the damn thing because the manufacturer 's web site doesnt provide any online manuals for their products . the manual was of no help either . the alarm sounds -LSB- at full volume -RSB- for about 3 seconds & then cuts off only to sound again 10 minutes later for god knows what reason . because i sure do n't know considering there was nothing in the manual that explains this scenario . a quick run around the house & all the alarms look fine except for 1 which has a flashing green led , another condition which is not covered in the manual . so i rummage around the kitchen , find a 9-volt battery & replace the 1 thats in the alarm in hopes that it will solve the problem.so basically what i 'm saying is that if my story sounds like fun to you then go ahead & purchase this alarm , otherwise take my advice & look elsewhere for your fire safety needs , i will be in the morning .
 I too had these units go off all over our house at 3AM and then again a minute later . I ran around and found one unit with a blinking green light , so I pressed the test button and it did n't sound off again ... . until the * next * morning at 5AM . I again pressed the test button and went back to bed . Later that day I replaced the battery -LRB- which is still good , by the way -RRB- . It has n't sounded off again for a couple of days , but now I 'm skittish in the wee morning hours . Get a different detector .
 This product is so bad that I 'm wasting time reviewing it even though it is an older model and these reviews should have steered you away from it by now . This afternoon I truly chose holding my screaming , colicky , teething 3-month old to my ear over being the one who had to try to figure out why this horrible device was shrieking at us and how to make it stop . It came hard-wired in our new construction home -LRB- built in 2004 -RRB- . Since Day One it 's been so much trouble that I considered going without fire protection . -LRB- I actually think it 's not unlike a condom studded with razor blades in that it is n't going to protect anyone because using it is far too painful and frustrating . -RRB- This alarm sounds for no reason . Resetting it frequently involves going to every detector in the house - numerous times . It can be triggered by dust , or the phases of the moon , or simply because it is the middle of the night and it thinks it would be cool to wake you up . Although it is hardwired , the system demands new batteries constantly , and when it decides one battery in your system is bad all of your detectors will emit a shrill chirp until you 've replaced every battery and somehow magically reset the system . Just when you finally exhale , you will hear the chirps start again . Why ? Who knows , the system demands your attention.My husband commented today that he did n't even know how it was continuing to chirp because he was holding the detached , battery-less device in his hand . The alarm is very , very loud - which is great IN A FIRE - but the alarm sounds whenever it likes . Forget about cooking bacon . Kidde 1275 is staunchly anti-bacon . Actually , you can make it in your next house , providing it does n't have the Kidde 1275 . Based on our experience I would rather never buy a Kidde product again , but I 'd like our long , national nightmare to be over and I suspect a later model will be the easiest way to replace the built-in system we have .
 For the love of all that is humane !! Myself and my family are now members of the 3 a.m. club . This nifty little smoke alarm decided to ruin a good nights rest at 2:58 a.m. And to make matters worse , it is connected to 5 other lovely alarms , and they all decided to sing their retched chorus together . After the offending alarm decided to go off at 3:20 , 3:45 and finally 4:05 , I located the little ... well to keep it clean ... pile ... and unplugged him from AC power , and took out his backup battery just encase . All of our ears are screaming at us still , and after the 4th false alarm , the dogs had finally had enough , singing the blues until the foul noise was halted ... I guess I should have let the pit bull have at 'em ! I have read where some have a hard time locating the offender . Some use the read light blinking as the clue . It is much easier to look for the blinking green light . Whichever alarm goes off , the green light will blink until it is reset ... so look for that.Here 's hoping the rest decide to behave , or they will suffer the same fate as the first offender . I have lost all confidence in this product , and will be looking for other smoke alarms in the very near future .
 Same problem as everyone else , only happens at night , totally random . There is a special level of hell reserved for whoever designed this ... As I lay in bed woken up for the 5th time by the third seperate unit , all I could do was try and think of a way to find the engineer of this smoke alarm and spend the rest of my days making sure he/she never gets any sleep . Ever . Again.I think in the first gulf way they used the Kidee practice to psychologically harrass the Iraqis-making bombing runs every 1-3 hours . Obviously someone from Kidde thought it was soothing , though , and designed to design a smoke detecter that would do the same thingI am SOOOO annoyed .
 Does anyone else find it bizarre that all these smoke alarms are failing at 3 in the morning ? What 's that all about ? This has happened to me twice ; once about a year ago and again last night . Both times at 3AM . Due to my level of consciousness at that hour , the particulars on how I rectified the problem last year are somewhat hazy . As for last nights episode , 3 new batteries and a good cleaning did not fix the problem . After reading all these reviews , I have serious doubts about the reliablity of these detectors and I am not comfortable with depending on them to alert my family in the event of a real emergency .
 Existing good battery , new battery , nothing stops the chirping . My Jack Russell terrier is fed up ! I 'll be purchasing a different brand to replace my Lifesaver model 1275 smoke alarm .
 We were just scared out of our beds by the blasted alarms on the eight different detectors around our house going off for no reason whatsoever . We ca n't get the darned things to shut up so my husband beat themt to death with a hammer . Hopefully we will not have an actual fire tonight . These detectors are awful and I ca n't wait to call the company in the morning . Maybe I can get the number of the guy who created them and call him over and over at 1:00 a.m. ?
 This stupid thing went off this morning and I couldnt get it to turn off ... I waved a towel in front of it several times ... turned on the AC . It finally turned off when it hit the concrete floor of my kitchen at about 85 mph . good news is that Kidde will take care of the unit for you ... no return of original unit is required .
 Good service from this vendor , but I later discovered this exact product at a big chain home improvement center for about half the price . The smoke alarm works well -LRB- sometimes too well -RRB- , but the design of the plug is weak . It is difficult to plug into -LRB- and unplug from -RRB- the ceiling . The plastic plug can easily break in the struggle . I chose this model only because it replaces a damaged one that came with the house . If possible , try another brand or model , and do a little price comparison with the local home improvement center .
 this product is the obsolute worst and it took me six years to discover this . we bought our house brand new and it was already equipped with this smoke alarm system . when the chirping started about several months ago we did n't have a clue -LRB- and still do n't -RRB- on how to stop it . there was no manual or instruction left . its electric and I do n't know how to get to the battery . i ca n't believe they put these smoke alarms in new houses without a manual . after viewing all the negative reviews and seeing that the product is discontinued , we will probably have to replace all of smoke alarms in our house . there 's one in every room . how can a company provide a product with no instrutions to service it .
 From reading some of the other reviews of this product , I can see I 'm not alone ! And of course whoever installed this alarm did not leave the manual , and I could n't find it on line either!Of course the low battery chirping started early morning - and I tried till my fingers went numb to disconnect the A/C clip to get at the battery compartment - and could n't get it out - so it chirped all day till I returned from work , and spent more time with it - finally had to dig out my pliers to grab ahold of the clip and was finally able to get it out and changed the battery - what a POOR design!So - keep your pliers handy for the next time you need to change the battery !
 Our family has experienced the 3 a.m. false alarms for years . Last week , one of the hard-wired detectors alarm triggered at 1:30 a.m. , but this time there was smoke coming from the detector itself ! Imagine that - the detector could have started a fire . It 's the second detector to malfunction in this way . We are replacing all detectors with another brand .
 We have two of the Kidde 1275H , three years old and have the same problems - chirps when new batteries are installed , and goes off in the middle of the night . How do I know if it will work in an emergency ? What if people disconnect them to stop the annoyance ? Do n't trust this company - get a different brand !
 I am floored to see so many reviews with the 3AM false alarms/chirping !!! How scary is that ?!! This too happened to us at 3AM this morning . Our home is less than a year old and these were installed when the home was built . I 've called the builder and told him that these smoke alarms are JUNK , and I will be faxing him this list of reviews . We will be replacing all of these alarms with `` real '' smoke alarms . I wish I could give this product -666 stars because surely it 's possessed .
 I am another victim of the Kidde wee hours false alarm . Changed the battery , vacuumed them out , ended up diconnecting the offending unit . I would give it negative stars if I could . Would love to hear about an alternative .
 same as everyone else , I 'm afraid . These things stink ! I think the designer spends too much time sitting around in plaid pajamas with his thumb in inappropriate places . These things go off periodically for absolutely no reason . The wiring harness is too hard to take off the blasted thing , and shut it up . I really do n't have a yearning to wake up in the night to its shrieks and shrill cries .
 Good to know this is a problem with others as well ! My husband and I were awakened a week ago to the alarms all going off @ 3 AM . We never could figure out what happened and thought maybe it was a power surge . Then last night , at the same time , it occurred again . Only this time , an hour later it again went off and then again another 10 minutes later . Our solution
 I had a unit go off every 10 minutes in the middle of the night for no apparent reason . Had to pull the unit and remove the battery .
 Aside from discoloration of the plastic shell after a few years of use , I have several of these alarms that spontaneously broke loose from the ceiling simply due to the force of gravity . It appears the plastic is of inferior quality .
 What ? What 's that you say ? Speak up , would you , or holler into my ear since I have gone nearly deaf since I was tortured by the Kidde Smoke Alarm.Indeed , I do in all seriousness I have lost hearing due to this product . Certain things that I heard with no trouble this morning are now imperceptible . It feels like cotton is stuffed into my ears . If this does not remedy itself in a day or so I am strongly considering seeing a personal injury attorney . Yes , this product is THAT EVIL.This product was surely designed by the Marquis de Sade . Or , perhaps it is a newfangled weapon of mass destruction.All six alarms in our house began going off for no reason , frightening our little Cavalier King Charles puppy , and causing my young children to teeter on the edges of insanity.As for me it was all I could do to find the non-emergency number for the fire department . Three firemen came out with their hook and ladder truck . How embarrassing ! They concluded there was nothing to cause such an alarm other than possibly , slightly scalded coffee , and recommended we replace batteries . After all , we are near `` fall back '' and the fire department is on their big campaign to replace batteries.I merely wanted my sanity back . It was nearly gone after enduring twenty minutes of high pitched screams that went through the neighborhood as we waited for the fire department . So I was willing to try the battery replacement.Climbing on a filthy outdoor ladder that I had to drag inside on my own in order to reach our cathedral height ceilings was not fun for this tired single mother . After replacing all batteries -LRB- And they are a b * tch to get out of there , with no instructions ! -RRB- , the alarms continued chirping and chirping , driving us all mad.My poor daughter who is very sensitive began screaming and crying . And my poor son began throwing things out of the window out of frustration . The dog too is at the edge of a nervous breakdown . As for me , I am battling the first migraine of my life.Thank God for Google which led me to these product reviews ! The `` hold down the ` test ' button for five full seconds , DO NOT PRESS HUSH '' actually worked . So God bless the reviewer who wrote it down in order to help othersHowever , if faced with the designer of the smoke alarm , I would take an icepick and dig into his or her ear canal , banging the icepick with a large sledgehammer . It would be a small payback for all the pleasures he or she brought to us . I do have to wonder about the designer . Maybe it was a team of people on furlough from Bellevue Mental Hospital . Or perhaps it was the Evil Scientist 's Society.This same thing happened about a year ago except it was at 3 am . -LRB- Just had to add to the 3 am conspiracy theory -RRB- . I think this device could effectively be used in prisoner of war camps . I can imagine it being used in that movie , Manchurian Candidate , to break down the prisoners in order to brainwash them . Another film it might go in is a torture device in a horror movie for Halloween . Or it could be one of the aliens ' weapons in The Day the Earth Stood Still.If I could give this product NEGATIVE stars I would . If you are fortunate enough not to own this product , save yourself . Run do n't walk away from this smoke alarm . If you are like me and here because you need help , try the five second thing . It worked . -LRB- for now ... mwahahahaha -RRB-
 These were the builder grade units installed in our newly built house . Right from the start , they 'd go off for no apperent reason or would chirp at O-Dark Thirty even with new replacement batteries . The builder kept replacing them under the warranty but told is this is a common problem with this unit and that we should consider a better model . Kidde was unresponsive to my concerns .
 Have six of these in my townhouse and at least two have gone crazy . Random alarms going off at anytime day or night . Replaced batteries and no change . The house is only 18 months old and these came with the home . They are a nightmare . I am looking for a better compatible model to replace them with .
 Have many of these in my house , 8 yrs old , and am on my 2nd detector in 2 months to start chirping and battery replacement will NOT fix the problem . Replaced the last one but now looking at these reviews I 'm replacing ALL detectors in the home !!
 To All , Your early wakeups may be like mine . I called the manufacturer and found out that the alarm will go off at 85 % humidity . We have 6 alarms , and they are sympathetic -LRB- one goes off , then they all go off -RRB- . Impossible to find the one going off without removing the batteries from all , in the middle of the night on a step ladder , disconnecting from the ceiling first , then the battery . This design SUCKS.Carl
 I had one of these chirping all the time , I thought I had a faulty wiring . After replacing the unit the chirping stopped . And I had to be overseas in Europe for about 5 months . After I left my neighbor called me and said all the smoke alarms were going off in my house . False Alarm ! Luckily I had left a key with him so he had to go in and drag the ladder from the garage and remove all of them since I have high ceilings . Well that stopped the blaring noise which woke up the whole neighborhood but unlucky for me when I got home , he had forgotten my garage lights on which burned lots of watts for 5 months ! So to make a long story short , stay away from this Piece of Junk ...
 I purchased over 10 of these for my house to replace a similar kidde model that had the same problem . After a few months , these started to have false alarms , almost always in the middle of the night . And of course waking up the kids . There should be some type of class action suit against Kidde , as I 'm sure many people have wasted hundreds of dollars on these , and countless hours of no sleep .
 1 star = I HATE IT . Woke me from my beauty sleep . We have high ceilings , had to drag the ladder from the garage . My blood pressure was soaring . Ripped it out of the ceiling and smashed it to smithereens . This is the 3rd one I 've been driven to remove in the past year . Now we are less safe thanks to ` lifesaver ' . DO NOT buy this JUNK .
 OMG , I ca n't believe everyone else has the 3am problem , worse yet it follows the 3am with daylight savings . Too bad this ca n't go off at 3am somewhere in the European time zone . We recently moved into this house with a ton of these useless firealarms installed . Stay away from this one . The only thing this is good for is if you need extra skeet shooting discs , cuz that is what I want to do with these things , destroy them .
 I have tried everything that was suggested on these reviews . I cleaned it out , I discharged for 10 seconds all the energy while the battery was out , and the battery is brand new . It still chirps ! I even checked out the wires . I will have to go and purchase a whole different brand I guess .
 This is one of those hardwired alarms that you have to shut off the circuit breaker before you can safely change the batteries . On top of that though , the battery compartment is UNDER the AC connector , and the AC connector is a stubborn little bastard that does not want to pull loose . What a pain in the tuckus . If I ever have the opportunity to install my own smoke detector it wo n't be one of these .
 Similar to another reviewer , from the appearance I expected this to be a right-angle driver that would allow me access screws in tight spaces by turning the end , without having to ratchet the driver side-to-side . This is not the case , very disappointed .
 It ca n't be used . The opening between the blades is only about 1/4 '' wide . It does n't get any wider than that so if you needed it to cut something ... Good luck . It was a total waste of money and I still have a door chain hanging down that needs to come off .
 Pros-cheap , good for small jobsCons-dulls quickly , grips hard on the hands , and the tension spring requires more force to squeeze then what its takes to cut metal
 I love Amazon , but this cheap Chinese crap ca n't cut as much as a PAPER CLIP ! Dont waste your money , or time . First thing EVER going back to Amazon .
 WOW - This album is proof that even if you like one song on a CD , it does NOT mean you 'll like the rest of their stuff . These songs -LRB- except for `` Chasing Cars '' which I still like -RRB- are SO MONOTONOUS and unimaginatively played ! In each song , not only are the lyrics repetitive , but the music consists of phrases that are intoned again and again , without much variation . The drummer rarely plays any fills , but just keeps playing the same beat over ... and over ... and over ... It makes for a truly boring listening experience . The comparisons to Coldplay are valid on only the most superficial level .
 With the exception of ` Chasing Cars , ' there is little originality or variety on this album . Final Straw is much better , and significantly less depressing . The entire album is slow moving and morose in mood . Perhaps I need to listen to it more , but I find myself wanting to turn it off almost everytime I pop it in .
 I rarely purchase a CD without listening to the entire album first . I 've been burned too many times . I thought I 'd take a chance on Snow Patrol , based on the strength of their single , `` Chasing Cars '' . That was a mistake.Is it just me , or did every other melody sound exactly like the one before it ? The lyrics were repetitive and mediocre . I feel that good music should make you feel * something * . Listening to this , I felt NOTHING.Well that 's not true . I felt disappointed and annoyed for having wasted my money on this CD .
 I just got ta say that anybody who likes their early stuff and the Reindeer Section who says this album is good is being very forgiving . I listened to this album and just thought , `` These guys want to make a whole lot of money . '' This is especially disappointing since they have had up to this point such an authentic sensiblity . Like another reviewer said , you can play this for your family , or in your car and not be disgusted ... BUT , for Snow Patrol , this is below average . The packaging seems appropriate
 A tragic disappointment . This should 've been called the We sold out album . There are several radio friendly tracks . Lightbody has obviously worked hard to lose his heavy accent and the end product is bland and sounds just like everyone else . There 's nothing distinct about this album . There are a couple of pathetic attempts to recapture the mood of their previous album but they fall flat . Sadly , they still have great lyrics , but they lack emotion . If you like the earlier sounds of Snow Patrol , do n't waste you 're time on this generic trash . This is n't the indy Scottish alternative sound you expect .
 Well , their guitars are in tune . That 's about all I can say about this creatively dull CD . It has all the syrup but none of quirk of Coldplay whom they seem to be emulating . It might be endearing if it was n't so boring . I found myself yelling at the car stereo on track 10 `` open your damn eyes already ! '' The one bright spot was ` Set The Fire To The Third Bar ` at least it had some soul . The lyrics are probably the worst part except for the music - have n't these guys ever heard of a lead guitar ? Seriously , I am majorly disappointed considering how impressed I was by an acoustic version of ` Chocolate ' I heard on a local radio station . Got ta Go - I 've already wasted too much of my life on this ... yawn ... err , what was I talking about ??? Does n't matter , see ya .
 I loved , and still love their last album . What the hell happened ? This is meek , watered down , radio friendly and unexciting . After two listens , yes there are a few decent songs but other than that ... go buy Final Straw if you have n't heard 'em and are interested . I was wondering why it was so cheap . Unoading it to the naive or hopeful I guess .
 Could there be a more instantly forgettable group than Snow Patrol ? I mean , let me guess -- you heard a couple of songs , they sounded cool , you bought the CD and played it a few times , and how often to you play it now ? Ever ? Mgawsh , they become so tiresome so quickly . You 'll notice how fast even their hits get dropped from radio playlists ? The DJs got bored too .
 This music annoys me . When I hear it I want to give it a good shaking . Those chugging guitar cliches , those renta climaxes , those sensitive words and pursed mouthed strangled deliveries all speak to me of the plague of Coldplay . Enough .
 I 'm disappointed in this album . It actually got to be annoying listening to the same hooks and lyrics over and over again . I do n't recommend it at all .
 I though this would be a nice CD but the only song I liked is Chasing Cars .
 I wish I could give this music no stars . Its sucks so bad . This is so draining . It takes something out of me to hear this music . The only song i half like by them is chasing cars .
 This is the most bland , uninteresting tripe released this year . Does Snow Patrol have anything to write about , anything at all , that does n't have to do with love ? Snow Patrol seems intent on playing the biggest possible stadiums out there . There is no other excuse for this claptrap .
 I like the music the the Snow Patrol , the only problem is that I have n't received it . I ordered other items at the same time I received them in a timely matter . At this moment I have n't receive the Snow Patrol
 Final Straw got to me , and hung on by a thread . The melodies began unassumingly , with the the honest `` How To Be Dead '' . Each of these songs quietly built up to grand pop melodies - even if they did n't seem grand on first listen . I 'm not exactly sure why , but Final Straw was one of my favorite albums of 2004 ... All in all , I appreciated their last album for reasons unknown to me.I have known about this release for a few weeks , and anticipated it - mildy , albeit . I was underwhelmed by their single on myspace , Hands Open . Having now listened to it in the context of the album , I think it is even one of the weaker tracks . Unfortunately , it fits in well with many of the songs on this album . On Final Straw , the songs were unassuming and yet managed to be catchy . On `` Eyes Open '' the songs are louder and faster . They seem to have made a distinct effort at crafting catchy pop/rock in this album , and their attempts fall flat . Trying too hard?There are a few positives to `` Eyes Open '' , including the lush track `` Chasing Cars '' , and Gary Lightboy 's consistently pleasant vocals . Sorry , I ca n't add much to this category.The simple truth of the lyrics on Final straw are replaced by seemingly cliche ones , which offer nothing meaningful to relate to ... at least not anything you have n't heard before . Backing the relatively hollow lyrics is instrumentation failing to offer one especially interesting hook or memorable riff . The overall sound reminds me of some generic Christian Rock bands -LRB- I think if you have any experience in the genre , you will understand - the good bands are far and few between -RRB- . If you do n't want to take my advice , you might be better off taking this album sans comparisons . It is inoffensive enough to play in a car stereo , or at home with your parents . Yet , my main question would be for all of the five-star reviewers . Is this album really an extraordinary composition , of the highest calibre ? I would confidently say that `` Polar Bears '' and `` Final Straw '' were better albums , and even these are n't exactly timeless masterpieces . So please , go test this album out . If you hear some life-changing music , then we 're not listening to the same thing.Rating
 When I saw on Napster that Snow Patrol had a new release , I sat in front of the computer for an hour . Final Straw has to be one of the most perfect albums ever released , but this does n't even sound like the same band -LRB- much less the same singer -RRB- . Talk about generic , the opener `` You 're all I have '' is so standard , with obvious lyrics and and the same 3 chords , you 'd think 13 year olds would have written it in their garage . Nothing grabs you on this disc , and when it does , something goes horribly wrong . On `` Shut your eyes '' the spare guitar line reels you in , and the lyrics are intensely intimate ; an entreaty only to you , the listener . Then the entire chorus of 20 people -LRB- not professional singers -RRB- enters the scene and ruins the mood . The rest is bland , bland , bland . `` It 's beginning to get to me '' is a bright spot , though , but not enough to save this repetitive non-effort .
 I know that this may be the the fault of the shippers , but the case that the CD came in had a significant crack in it . The actual CD itself was n't damaged , but it is still disappointing .
 I do n't mind this album . It 's got some PRETTY good songs , but it does n't compare to Final Straw in the least.Final Straw just transported me to another musical plateau . I guess you could call it a concept album in a way . It did tell a story about a relationship from start to finish & it was BRILIANT . The whole thing was just a rollercoaster ride of emotions & feelings.Eyes open just sounds to me like the same old stuff you hear from other bands . I find little originality in it . Lightbody even sounds like he 's bored while he 's singing these songs.Very disappointing . It 's beginning to seem to me like they took the commercial route maybe due to management 's advice , to gain more exposure than `` Final Straw '' did with the typical results . The new album did gain wider exposure & sales , but it 's ORDINARY . C'mon guys , you can do so much better .
 Well , I will keep this brief . I usually would not write one of these , but I feel like I may be able to help someone out . If you loved Final Straw , chances are you will be shocked how this album is NOTHING like that one . I was highly anticipating this new album , ran out to get it on the 9th ... after trying to see the bright spots in the album for some time , I have to say there really are n't any . The whole thing is bland . Where are all the great lyrics and sounds I know they can create ? Here 's hoping they get it right on the next album .
 I love Snow Patrol , I really do . Final Straw is a great album and it made me go out and buy their older stuff -LRB- that I could find -RRB- . I even saw them last year at Coachella and was really impressed by their live show.But this album is really disappointing.It 's really produced , to the point where it seems like the question when recording it was `` how do we make this song appeal to the most people ? '' There 's an edginess that 's lost on this album . To that end , it does n't feel as sincere , either.The vocals are probably the easiest to point to , as what once sounded like heartfelt indie rock now seems like light rock crooning.I had high hopes for Snow Patrol -- and for this album -- but those hopes were n't realized .
 Seen it all before . Honest , musically excellent , heart-on-sleeve band toils under the radar for years , finally hits paydirt , goes mainstream , production-happy , and loses its soul . For me , this is like the denouement of Supertramp in the early 80 's , with similarities . Supertramp finally hit paydirt with the slick `` Breakfast in America '' , but the band 's co-founders could n't agree on direction after that . A final album followed , far inferior to the epic , and the band splintered.Now for Snow Patrol we have the aftermath of the brilliant Final Straw ... Lightbody sacks original member bassist McClelland , throws himself into producer Jacknife 's camp , and comes out with the formulaic Eyes Open . It is a cd devoid of soul . Where Final Straw had a dozen excellent tunes , Eyes Open has but two that interest me
 I need to match metallic colors with 4-color CYMK print colors for consistency with branding and there is no way to do this with the information provided . Each Pantone metallic color references 3 other Pantone formulations and relative percent contribution of each.Instead of a step forward it was a big step back in terms of being able to communicate a metallic paint and have it color match that on a 4-color press printed piece of collateral or packaging .
 I purchased this meter January of this year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- from shopblt . After unpacking it , I loved the way it felt , looked , and was pleased with myself that I was able to get pretty much all the features I wanted in a meter rated true RMS , and with good accuracy for much less than a Fluke.Getting it to work was another story . I could n't get any reading at all from this meter measuring AC amps with the clamp . Ironically , DC amps worked fine -LRB- intermittently -RRB- but when I switched it to AC , it literally ignored whatever current was flowing in the circuit under test . -LRB- FYI , I have been an electronics tech for nearly 30 years , and know how to use the meter ... -RRB- After a call to Triplett , they verified that the selector switch was intermittent , and since it was less than a week old , they recommended I get it replaced from the vendor , which I did . Shopblt was good about it and sent me a replacement as soon as my defectived one was RMA'ed and received at their warehouse . The replacement arrived , and worked good on all ranges ... everything seemed to indicate I had just been unlucky enough to receive a bad one.The saga continues ... I use this meter about once a week , so it has n't been used hard -LRB- I have n't even gotten it greasy or scratche yet ! -RRB- but it does n't get `` left sitting around to rot '' either . A few weeks ago , -LRB- on my SECOND METER , remember -RRB- I noticed the only way to get an accurate reading on it was to turn in on and cycle the rotary swith over and over half a dozen times and wait for the display to settle down , then I could get accurate readings with it . Today it was so bad , I got `` OL '' displayed on it on several ranges with nothing connected ! `` OL '' on the 1000 AMP scale with in clamped around NOTHING ... . REALLY ???!!?? Arghhh ... ! A few times it even displayed Degrees Celcius on the AMPS scale!I just called Triplett and left a message requesting an RMA to send it in for repair . I hope they can `` repair '' better than new , because none of the `` new ones '' I 've had have been any good ! Nothing is more frustrating than a piece of test equipment you can not trust . To those that liked this meter , give it 6 months and tell me the selector knob does n't become intermittent ... I 'll probably have a hard time believing ya , because from where I sit , it looks like some kinda design flaw ... Fortunately it has a 3 year warranty , but I have to mess around shipping it off for repair and waiting ... I 'd probably repair it myself , but not while it 's under warranty ... My only hope is that by now they are aware of this problem in these meters and have a more `` permanent '' fix for it.Update -LRB- 07/12/11 -RRB-
 I have used Triplet meters for over 40 years . I was purchasing this meter to replace a cheep one from Sears . I was disappointed as soon as I turned it on . The functions are not easy to use as well as the construction seems to be another China knockoff .
 I 've been using this meter off and on for a while now but I do n't have anything to compare it to . If I had used other meters it would help me rate this meter but I do have some problems with its operation .1 -RRB- The light only stays on for a few seconds when I would like it to stay on for at least minutes until I stop using the meter and then go off with the meter or till I specifically shut it off .2 -RRB- The display has little tiny symbols on the display that are difficult to read to know what mode the thing is in .3 -RRB- Very hard to get the thing to stabilize and sample a voltage where I feel confident with the reading . Just not well implemented.I guess for the money you get what you paid for . Do n't think I would buy again but rather look for a meter with good reviews ?
 I tried to use this on a tight , round -LRB- 5 '' -RRB- metal part -LRB- a variator on a scooter -RRB- and a mechanic friend and I both found it to be useless . The strap is very narrow . The handle is very thin/plastic . There is not really a locking mechanism for the strap.It might work great on jars or even plumbing , I would n't know .
 Broke the very first time I used it to -LRB- try to -RRB- hold a crankshaft pulley still while loosening the interior bolt . Will be shopping elsewhere .
 I have had this thing for 2 years and have only gotten it to work once . Most of the time it is just to difficult to use , and it slips way to much . Spend the extra bucks to buy something that works well .
 I have been in the carpentry business for 30 years and have never been as disappointed in a American tool as this one . First off the unit is huge , it has a handle but wo n't stand up on its back legs , it gets hot and has no easy place to grab it to put it in the truck , it is the noiseist compressor i have ever used . The on off switch is all but hidden , the cord wrap is useless , the wheels and axel vibrete and rattle , even the stickers are falling off already . The reason the front plate comes off is because it is twice as heavy and nosy as it should be . PC makes good tools but I do n't like this one . Bob Meanix
 This Compressor is to noisy and it rattle too much.Needs to improve their designed on how they attached the wheels .
 Based on the specifications I assumed that this unit would be sufficient to run my air tools but the compressor indicates that it does n't have 100 % duty cycle so I can not work continuously but have to stop after a minute , let the compressor build up pressure and then wait a couple of minutes for it to rest so I can do another minute of work . Since this is oil less it is important to keep it from overheating . Also , the gauge was defective and they want me to take it to a center to get it fixed so I bought an external gauge to avoid the hassle of it being in a repair shop for indeterminate time . Otherwise , the wheels and truck handles make it easy to move around and runs on 15 amp circuit with no problem .
 I ordered , you shipped out a damaged item . blamed it on the carrier and poor packaging . You shipped a damaged item again . Blamed it on the carrier and poor packaging . You refused to ship it a third time . I do n't know if you ever improved the packaging . I bought one from your competition who shipped , it arrived ... . no problem .
 I bought this unit so I would have an air compressor that would keep up with common pneumatic tools . Well it wo n't . Using a 3/8 '' ratchet , I end up waiting for it to catch up . Then the unit died , froze up and tripped the circuit breaker . It 's been in the shop -LRB- factory repair center -RRB- for a month now and have no idea when it will be fixed . I would n't by this unit if your livelyhood depends on it . It 's not even capable of being a decent home unit .
 This compressor is LOUD and ear protection should be worn if you work near it . It ca n't keep up with one Porter Cable Mag framing nailer when bounce nailing sheeting and runs constantly . The problem lies in the fact that the unit cycles at 115 psi which is lower than the hose pressure needed for rapid nailing . I returned it .
 This air compressor will rattle out most of its bolts within a year . The Pressure regulator will fail in about a year as well , be prepared to spend a lot of maintenance money keeping this piece running .
 I have had this compressor for a number of years . It has been a good compressor but very noisy and viberates a lot . The check valve has to be cleaned occasionally .
 Returned because it came with no markings at all , although the description and picture clearly indicate both english and metric scales on beam . The locking device -LRB- on the side that ca n't be seen in the picture -RRB- is a big , yellow , poorly molded , rough-turning PLASTIC screw . Description should really say , `` Beechwood and plastic construction . ''
 This purchase was horrible . It ripped after a month ! There is NO duribility to it . The straps began tearing atfer a few weeks and now the bottom of it ! BEWARE this is a BAD item to buy ! DO NOT BUY THIS unless you only plan to put tissues or paper in it .
 I just got the marking gauge and just as described in another review , the brass slide was jammed . I 'd rather pay more and get a fully functional gauge than one that 's only half functional .
 When I received the gauge the brass slide with the pin was jammed in the slot , i will never buy this junk again
 Let me preface this review by saying that I 'm a novice woodworker with very low standards . In buying this set , I expected to get a basic , entry level set of Forstner bits.Let 's start with the good . The set arrived promptly . I ordered on a Saturday afternoon and had them by Tuesday morning . The bits come as pictured in a solid wooden case . The bits are covered in plastic wrap and the cutting heads are protected by a light plastic cap , and were tightly in place within the case.Now with the bad . The bits were dull . Without exaggeration , it would be difficult to cut skin with any of the edges or points on any of the bits straight out of the box . I have regular spiral and spade drill bits that you might pick up on clearance at Target or Sears and they are infinitely sharper . The bits are poorly milled ; the larger bits are saw-toothed and many of the teeth were blunted by 1/8 '' or more . Many of the bits are slightly lop-sided and/or misshapen . The center cutter on each bit is little more than a square pyramid -LRB- think of the shape of the Great Pyramids -RRB- . This means that the center of the bit ends up basically just pushing wood aside rather than doing any real cutting . The most puzzling thing was that -- despite the apparently careful packaging -- roughly one third of the bits were badly damaged in addition to the poor workmanship . There were many scratches -LRB- not a big deal -RRB- and a pile of chips and dents as large as 1/8 '' in the cutting edges -LRB- a very big deal -RRB- . The only possible explanation I can come up with is that the bits are stored loose in big bins at the warehouse where they bang around a lot before being put into the various sets before shipment.Update
 This is the second refund/return I am having to go through in as many weeks because Amazon is not paying attention to what they are selling their customers.This drill -LRB- AS PICTURED -RRB- is a keyed chuck drill , not a keyless chuck drill , and NOWHERE IS THE WORD `` KEYLESS '' CALLED OUT!I have been looking for a couple of keyed chuck 1/4 or 3/8 drills , and was thrilled to see Amazon had them to replace my old Black and Decker 1/4 KEYED CHUCK drill.This is becoming a huge problem with item pictures not being what is delivered.At this point , I would not believe anything I see pictured on the Amazon web site and would highly recommend you take down the number of the product and research it out to make sure that is what is pictured.On my original order the word `` keyless '' was called out buried in the product description , butafter a reviewer found my review helpful I came back and reviewed the review again , and eventhat word has been removed.THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE ! AND SMACKS OF FRAUD!This drill has been discontinued by Black and Decker -LRB- I WONDER WHY ? -RRB-
 It was way too fast . I may have tighten something too much to get it to loosen . Overall , good .
 This is the worst faucet ever made . My husband is a kitchen and bath designer/installer and he has nothing but problems with this faucet . We bought this faucet for our house 9 years ago before we knew just how bad it was . The handles are constantly turning becuase of the bad design that does not allow tightening of the control valves to the sink . When I turn the water on , the hole spout shakes like it is going to shoot out of the sink . We have ordered numerous parts to amend these issues with no success . I DO NOT recommend this faucet .
 Do n't know why but it would n't accept commands from my Lanc controller to do slow Zooms . Full speed or nothing . Strange .
 i would thoroughly enjoy having replaced this cable from the one my cats chewed to a slow death if it would ever show the eff up . USPS sucks .
 While I agree , every woodworker can use one of these , this one ai n't it . It is NOT all rosewood as the manufacturer would have you believe . Only the face is . The slider is some cheap hardwood poorly stained to resemble rosewood . Again , Crown products are far superior than Footprint 's . And in this case , less $ $ $ . Matter of fact , you can get these for about $ 25 at your local WoodCraft stores . And their brands are cheaper and better quality -LRB- all rosewood for one -RRB- .
 This might be a good bit but it is so unbalanced that I was not able to use it in the cnc router due to heavy vibrations .
 You get what you pay for on this product.Leave it plugged in and charging all the time or it 's un-usable when you actually need it.Jody Bissoon
 ... But maybe that 's just me . I was hoping to use this to cut some 4 &#34; x8 &#34; paver stones to fit along a curved walkway . Using a 16 oz . rubber hammer and this chisel , I pounded away at them , but I barely even managed to scratch them , much less cut them . I ended up using an angle grinder instead.Perhaps I was trying to use this chisel for something it was n't intended to do . But either way , this was a waste of money for me .
 The image of this lamp shade shows a surface slope , -LRB- approximately 50 degrees -RRB- that is much lower than the product received , -LRB- approximately 75 degrees -RRB- . I was disappointed that I did n't get a shade that looked like the picture , but kept the shades that I received because they work and are of good quality .
 What you see is not what you receive when you pay for it.Picture shows two items you will not receive :1 . Iron penn tip .2 . iron penn stand.Vendor do not answer for email .
 Immediately returned it . Ridiculously shoddy packaging -LRB- the box had a gaping hole in it that was scotch taped poorly -RRB- . No tip included nor a safety stand -LRB- which I thought was a must for any iron -RRB- . Do n't waste your time ordering one piece of a soldering iron . To clarify , THIS IS NOT A FUNCTIONING SOLDERING IRON ALONE . You MUST buy a tip , and I highly recommend a soldering safety stand and sponge for any soldering work .
 First of all , I received this item OPENED.They actually used scotch tape to reseal the plasticbubble over the cardboard ... jeez!NO TIP for the iron is included , even it is shown inthe picture.Spend you money somewhere else .
 Blade snaped the first day of use . I was using this product to cut 20 gauge craft wire . The tip of the cutting blade snapped right off . The product description says that it `` Cuts ACSR , screws , nails and most hardened wire . Shears wire up to 14AWG '' . This is NOT the outcome I thought I would have with this tool .
 I bought this tool about 1.5 years ago and I 've loved using it until today . I tried to turn it on to complete a job I am running behind on and nothing . I put in a set of new batteries and ... . nothing . I called the Bosch service center and basicially there are four parts available for this level , none of which are electronic . If you have an electronic problem the tool is a throw away after the one year warranty.Before you guys think I abused it , I can assure you I did not . It stays in a padded case that I use for my Stabila levels and has never even been dropped or submerged or anything else you might be thinking . It just quit.Since I had nothing to lose and I needed it yesterday , I tore it apart . Most of the electronic construction is micro chip except for 3 capacitors . I desoldered and tested them and found one bad one -LRB- 4.7 mf @ 63V -RRB- . After a trip to the electonic supply I had the level up and running as good as new.I came to realize how much I rely on this tool and how much of a problem it can be if it fails . I am now looking for a quality machinist protractor like a Starrett C359 -LRB- see the UPDATE below -RRB- or equivalent on ebay so I can be assured that my job will continue if this one goes out again.In a world of electronics it might sometimes be better to just keep things simple , mechanical , and RELIABLE . Even though it was fixed for very little money it did eat up half a day which cost me far more than this level did.Just something to consider as you make your buying decision.UPDATE 7/28/2008
 I 've owned 4 of these angle finders . Unfortunately that the problem . I 've had to buy 4 of these because they self destruct after about a year of use . The last one was replaced by Bosch and the replacement broke 3 months later . This all stems from a spinning gyroscope in the apex of the gauge . Even slight concussions can interrupt this . It also appears from careful examination of the broken protractors that they use sub standard glues to hold the moving parts in place . This may mean that the device can not handle high temperatures . Which happens when you leave it in a work box or truck . I keep buying them because they work great and I ca n't fabricate metal without them , but this is is not a durable product .
 I bought this tool in June 2008 it worked fine . Then recently it stopped working properly . The tool would give me the angle measurement , but not the miter , bevel or spring . I thought it might be the batteries , so I put new ones in . This did not solve the problem . It was the electronics in the tool it self . Every time I pressed the button to get these measurements the tool would display three dashes on the screen . So finally I decided to pack up the tool and send it to Bosch . It was still under warranty , but it was a hassle just the same . Bosch told me they could not fix it and would send me a new one , fine . I finally get the tool back and want to use it to finish my project , press the button to get the miter angle and again it is doing the same thing as before , what a lousy tool . This tool was not cheap , and I expect it to work when I need it to . I thought Bosch was known for quality , now the only thing I think they stand for is unreliability and aggravation . Buyer beware !
 Okay , when you order something that ought to be polished brass and then within a week the finish starts wiping off to reveal the nickel or stainless steel below , it 's hard to be impressed . Finding polished brass accessories to go with expensive bath fixtures was not an easy task and though the drain assembly is fine , the over flow cover and it 's 2 bolts are not .
 This towel bar from Kohler seemed to me of questionable design and quality . I like the simple , modern -LRB- or at least minimalist -RRB- design , but the bar itself feels on the cheaper side of bars I 've installed , as though it might bend easily . A price set at about 25 % of its current list would be about right.The towel bar attaches to two wall mounting plates with two set screws , one for each ` arm ' that attaches to the wall plate . The arms were attached to the bar at the factory such that one set screw would always be visible right on top of an arm as one screw hole is on top and one is on the bottom . I would have had to unscrew one of the arms and re-attach it to hide the set screw . For 20 bucks ? Sure , no problem . For almost 90 ? Going back as fast as I can stuff it back in the box . I 'm not in to paying for brand names with lousy quality.Worth a note here that over the course of two bathroom remodels Kohler consistently exhibited the worst quality in items I considered . Not everything was bad , but they 've got a big quality and consistency problem .
 I purchased this knife to use at my job . I loved the storage and design part of the knife but upon moderate use the knife it cracked on the handle splitting it in two . I purchased a metal utility knife and it has yet to fail . Do yourself a favor and purchase a metal utility knife it will be safer for the user .
 this item is not at all like what is shown in the picture at all . my mom still put it down on the floor , but now she is removing it and putting down purgo .
 i bought 3 of these units for framing crews , units get used daily , and we burn through a blade a day most times , quick change lock down has broke on all three units . i took one of these devices apart to see how they work , there is a gearing system inside , takes about 7 turns of the key to turn the actual screw once , great idea but the problem is they have a system to keep you from overtightening , this system consists oh a white plastic key with 6 points that engage with the black outer cap , when you get this tightened the white pieces slips past the black outer key , preventing overtightening , problem is everytime you click past the point of max tightness you wear away a little of the plastic of these two parts , if you are changing blades often it does n't take long to wear these down to the point that they will just slip by eachother and you can no longer tighten the blade , A very dangerous situation . we have had to replace this system with regular bolts and washers and toss the quik change device on all units
 I bought this saw a little over a year ago and used it less than ten times . Mostly for thin gauge exhaust and roll cage tubing . Have way though cutting some exhaust yesterday the saw quit . I thought it was a breaker , but I still had power at the cord ... I believe it is the switch in the handle as I can hear a faint clicking coming from the handle . It seems that the replacement switch is over $ 40 !! I have to look into what the warranty covers ...
 I 'm not sure what the problem was with mine , but it would n't make a square cut despite several tries on 1 `` x1 '' steel tubing . I ended up using a air tool with a cutting wheel instead , which was a lot of work . Each time I tried to make a cut , the pressure would make the wheel move off to the side . I decided to ease up on the pressure . Even with very little pressure , the wheel would move off to the side resulting in something other than a 90 degree cut .
 Tis would be a nice drain if the threading was long enough . Do not buy if you are using above the counter vessel sink . The threading for the drain will only be long enough when going through the sink only -LRB- like a recessed vessel sink . -RRB-
 a -RRB- too short for vessel sink -LRB- though I matched the sink from same manufacturer , same retailer ; -RRB- b -RRB- 2/3 cost of same quality unit at your local box storec -RRB- 3x price from contractor supply , not nearly same quality -- contractor supply 's is water-tight around the drain , a big selling point.Just prior to throwing out my kitchen and eating in 7-11s for the rest of my life , I was advised not to buy a sink online , due to zero standards , proprietary threading , etc. . I 'm not hurting the manufacturer or retailer by saying
 Not sure how the product is as I never received it . Seller sat on order for days . Order was ultimately canceled.Not impressed with Affordable Home .
 Very nice design and fits into landscape perfectly . However , I 'm not sure about the effectiveness . I do n't find many mosquitos in the trap , but they are definitely still flying around . It seems like the fan does not have enough power to suck anything larger than a small gnat .
 So far it does not seem to be working . I sent an e-mail to the company but did not get a response . I will call them in the morning .
 Pure garbage . Not much more to say . Had to give it 1 star because I could not give it 0 .
 I snapped the heads off of two M10 bolts . So I sprayed a liberal amount of PB Blaster , ran down to the local parts store , and bought the OEM 25467 . The cobalt drill bits did great ! They eagerly chewed into the broken bolt . Then I inserted the bolt extractor , got out my t-handle and gave it some muscle . SNAP ! oops . The bolt extractor is now firmly lodged into the bolt.No problem , I thought . I 'll just re-drill the hole and exchange the broken extractor . No luck . The drill bit just wont go into the broken extractor . I apply some more pressure to try to get it to bite and SNAP ! oops , the drill bit just broke.Maybe it will remove deck screws , but I 'm not wasting my time finding out . Let 's see if they at least live up to their limited lifetime warranty .
 Does not seal good . so pollens and dust gets in from the edge of it.And it is too ridiculs to wear outside .
 I received these light bulbs very quickly - packaging was very good for such a fragile item . Unfortunately , the light produced by these light bulbs was a dim , dull amber - not at all as I expected and had always experienced with previous light bulbs of the same wattage and brand . The price , also , was WAY WAY too high . I found better light bulbs at my local hardware store at 1/3 the price . I returned these as I believe they must be defective in some way .
 I do n't understand why this bulb is $ 22 - it 's not LED , it 's just a plain old light bulb - same thing as the $ 3 ones . Must be a pricing mistake .
 I bought three of these boxes for our neighborhood about two years ago . Two have since been replaced with more secure boxes . The last remaining is about to go after being broken into for the third time.The box was a cost effective choice and I would like it but for the fact that it is NOT secure . A simple screw driver can pry it open.Once the thieves figure this out , they appear to just bring the `` key '' on their `` mail route '' . The two other replacement boxes , two different brands , were untouched.Since the point of these boxes is security , I can not recomend someone get this box . It can prevent someone from just walking past and taking your mail on a whim . But anyone intent on mail theft can get in quickly and easily .
 We had the same issues as another reviewer . We order things online and wanted a mailbox that would accept packages and keep them secure . This was not it . Then we found the mailbox design we were looking for at mailsafeincorporated dot com . Perfect -- I wish we had found it first .
 My mail was just stolen from this box . Theives popped it open like a top . There is a design flaw that allows for easy access with a screwdriver at minimum to bust the door off . My neighbors both have different syle boxes than mine and their mail boxes were uncompromised . If you care about criminals accessing the contents of your mailbox do not buy this box .
 I went to our local hardware store to look at the Oasis . The clerk in the store was explaining how it worked to another customer and I was looking on . When he opened the ingoing mail door -LRB- not the locked portion -RRB- I stuck my hand in through the opening and pulled out the mounting hardware box and mounting instructions that are in the bottom of the mailbox . Needless to say neither I or the other customer bought this product .
 Got ta say , For this kind of money , and when I buy a klein , I expect a lot better . Just broke today . Now this is maybe 20 years old but heh , I 'm a reluctant diy'er , homeowner and I can easily go thru a year not using it at all . Other years , maybe 4-5 times at most . So there is a metal plate on each side of strap head that holds it on . On one side the plate is simply secured with minimally peened heads on a round rod , so of course , as any idiot can see if looking at it , the peening will wear away . When you do need a strap wrench , you really need one , so i 'm very unhappy with Klein . Made back when stuff was supposed to be better also . USA made . God knows what they are like now . Perhaps can do a funky jury rig on it somehow .
 total never did any thing for me . a big waist of time money and space . i threw it away immediately .
 This magnetic tape is terrible ! The magnet is powerful enough for the use I needed it for but the adhesive backing does not stay stuck . I stuck it on the surface overnight before I used it and by morning it had fallen to the floor . Lame ! I ended up putting double sided tape on the back to get it to stay up . That is pretty sad that double sided tape holds better .
 Let me be brief . I used this on the day I bought it for drilling twelve 5/8 '' holes and it had great power . but three and a half weeks later as I used this for the third time to screw in four long screws , the trigger lock got depressed inadvertently and now it does not unlock . But the funny thing is , the unit does not stay on like you would expect of a trigger lock . Rather , when the variable speed trigger is depressed , it goes straight to high speed bypassing all the lower speeds . ARRG ! I have to take this in to the factory repair shop now which is quite inconvenient and then I have to go pick it up in a week . Since I had this less than a month , you think B&D would just exchange it for a new one and fix this thing on their own time , but the service center rep that I talked to on the phone said they would not do that .
 Purchased a Black & Decker DR550 drill in early August . The thing started experiencing some internal electrical issues after less than 2 months of moderate use.The seller offers only ONE month warranty which very conveniently expires right before the item starts breaking down.DO NOT RECOMMEND!You are much better off buying directly from any retail store so you will not end up getting stuck with a piece of non-working equipment that you ca n't replace if it goes bad after only a month of use .
 This drill no longer works after about 10 uses . I was using it pretty hard to drill large deep holes in wood and it appears that something in the drive connection to the chuck has broken . It is difficult to tell exactly which part has broken since the breakage prevents me from removing the chuck . There is a particular component that I suspect to be the problem . When I went online to see if I could buy this part , I found that every part EXEPT this one was available . The part that I think has failed is on backorder for a couple of months . While I 'm not definitive that this is the problem , I do find this suspicious . I 'll go with some other brand in the future .
 folding the knife is almost impossible w/o cutting yourself . junk junk junk ... the Gerber -LRB- German -RRB- name is why I bought it instead of a Klein . Why ca n't Amazon list country of product origin ? Tools from China stink !
 Very , very flimsyIf you buy it , be very , very careful with lengthening and shortening it , as well as any use at all whatsoever.It may appear solid , but it is much flimsier than you 'll expectMine broke within five minutes -LRB- no joke -RRB-
 I found this on Renovators supply for $ 149 and when I attempted to buy it , the price went up $ 40 ! , same with the faucet that you have to buy which went from $ 89 to $ 119 . When writing customer service they made the excuse that the costs had gone up in their current catelogue and was not entirely changed on the web . SO , you need to update your link as the cost for this item is MUCH higher .
 I used this to cut a kinda thick metal pipe and it 's totally obsolete now . . but amazon sent me another , so we 'll see how it holds up ...
 i got sent a electric charcoal starter and not a knife . i sent it back and have heard anything since .
 Needs work . The counter box hangs so low is can be difficult to run against many surfaces . Also , the counter has trouble resetting . The handle is curved to be ergonomic , but what happens in the field is that it gets off kilter within a couple of uses and then is REALLY uncomfortable in the hand .
 Bought the hose pictured and was sent a lesser hose with no protective sleeves ect . . After going rounds with customer service who said they would fix the product image/description . I re-ordered what was supposed to be the one I wanted . Got the 2nd hose and not only is it not the right one , ITS CHEAPER RUBBER/PLASTIC THAN THE FIRST MISTAKE ! -LRB- at least the first mistake was quality hose ! -RRB- I didnt want a free hose , or all this frustration , JUST WANTED WHAT was pictured/what I PAYED FOR ! I dont recommend ordering this to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Opened the box , read the instructions . Simple enough . Device would not power up even after replacing batteries with new ones purchased today . Batteries delivered were loaded with negative poles of both batteries loaded against the springs however the devise clearly shows opposing negative and positive pole placement . It is fried ... no display no nothing . I hope the seller will process my return quickly because my deadline for this weekend is blown now . I sorely needed it to measure the temperatures for sublimation of mugs for sale for Valentine day and I 'll have to buy it locally . I am so disappointed in this device because it hit on the temperature ranges needed for my process . = -LRB-
 I dropped it on the vinyl floor on my kitchen.Now it is dead.Too fragile.Buy something else
 My new toyota lacks an indoor/outdoor thermometer so I thought I might use this to check temperature . I am obviously not too knowledgeable as I needed an ambient thermometer not an infrared . I sent it back .
 Firstly , these gloves are NOT comfortable . The finger lengths seem weird and inconsistent , the seam between my index and middle finger dig into the area between my fingers and that is unusually distracting . Second , these are much too thick to be able to manipulate most things well , including weapons , pens , and seat belts , etc.The leather seems good , and they seem well made for the most part , but they 're too big and bulky for my liking . I 'm going to try thinner gloves , especially for when the weather gets hot , and for better manipulation of items .
 nice looking gloves but absurdly small for an XL . If you have large hands , these gloves will not fit , period . I regularlyuse an XL and I could not even get my hand in , much less get a feel for the glove .
 Horrible . Lining pulls out . Impossible to take on an off . Useless for tactical work where `` feel '' is a necessity . I have used dozens of pairs of tactical gloves and these are , by far , the worst . Do not buy these gloves ! Steer clear !
 The photo provided is very deceiving - it looks like you are getting 5 PACKS of bags . In fact you are receiving 5 individual bags . I was surprised to receive only five bags for the price charged - making them much more expensive than what I could purchase at a home improvement store or even the grocery store ! Will not make that mistake again . The bags are high quality lawn bags , but I can buy the exact thing -LRB- and same number -RRB- for less than half price at the grocery store .
 Lighter seems sturdy and well made ; and , functions perfectly . However it is packaged differently than pictured ; and , comes without the described extra flints . Returned it to Amazon for refund .
 I wanted something that could ignite the gas flame on my stove . This does n't do it . No flints included as noted by a previous review .
 This item seemed to be very cheaply made . The thread on one of the the ends of the lightweight pipe broke off while putting the unit together . The other threaded end did n't even match up!Spend you money on a higher quality product .
 Nice compact device . I was hoping the use of the ` Amplified ' in the name of the tool would allow me to be able to trace a wire with only one end disconnected from a device . This is not the case . I doubt any tracer can be use on an active line.I also found the switch to be a little loose in that you can inadvertently throw it to the right most position without knowing it.The probe is a little too sensitive in that if an active wire is near the one you are trying to trace , you will hear a buzzing along with the tones .
 FYI , to all prospective buyers , this is a very cheaply made piece of equipment . I would strongly suggest going with a different model adn/or brand .
 I 'd give it 0 star if possibleIt is TK32A , not TK32 as stated in the title.Returned
 Have n't really been able to use as hoped . Have tried on several occasions but before I really get started the nozzle clogs . Using coal slag as the media which is pretty darn fine ... but the second you stop the flow of material with stop it backs up and plugs . Air flow settings are key and just have n't found the settings to make it work yet .
 If you are planning to use these tools above 100 lb-ft of torque then your are on your own . I used them to remove a bolt under 138 lb-ft and the shafts not only bent but also shredded within the socket , leaving the extension bar and socket as one piece . Even though these are 1/2 inch drive they do not even come close to heavy duty . I am returning these extension bars and will leave further comment pending return experience .
 twisted off the end that goes into the socket on 2 out of the 3 bars . 3rd bar would do the same for sure , went and got a smaller -LRB- shorter -RRB- 3 bar set , same thing happened . tring 3/4 inch now to get that crank shaft bolt off . this was a waste of good money again .
 Unfortunately , this product can not withstand high torque application . I was trying to remove crankshaft pulley bolt to replacetiming belt , but end where socket goes in got twisted . Seems like this extension was n't designed to handletorque more than 150 ft/lbs . If you need long and heavy duty long extension , buy it from other brand . Connecting 3 shortair impact extensions gave me better result than this extension .
 I own a Neiko breaker bar and it works great BUT these extensions are a different story !! I was trying to use these to take off a crankshaft pulley bolt and Broke two of the extensions like it was nothing . I am Very Disappointed with the product and its been just over 30 days so its not worth my time to fight over $ 5 after i pay for the shipping cost . I wish I would of read deeper into the reviews here and also wish Amazon would not Recommend these with the high torque Neiko bar since these extension are not in the same category ! I would guess these extension bars broke around 800 ft/lbs . Do not waste your time with these even on semi-high torque applications !! If you want to loosen something finger tight with these you might be alright .
 I expected these to be a great addition to my tools collection . Long extension bars in 1/2 '' drive can be useful in many applications . I tried to use them to take off a crankshaft pulley bolt on my Honda . The first one snapped immediately . I looked at the surface and it looked like there was a bubble inside steel . Ok , perhaps it was defective . I tried another one . It was much stronger , and I thought I started to get that pesky bolt off , but the second extension bar broke . Just for the fun , I tried the third one , and sure enough it broke too . I am not super strong and did not apply too much force . Still needed to get that bolt off
 I have only used the 30 '' and it broke in the socket with very little force the first time I used it .
 Cheaper in the local large hardware store.Slim , you have to figure out what to do with the cords if you link them - otherwise they hang there looking bad , but otherwise go to your local L **** or H *** D **** for better prices .
 forget about SWISSmade product . made in taiwan . sent even without a box . ca n't say anything about a blade for the moment . disappointed ...
 Do n't like bad mouthing a product but when I buy a working tool I have expectations . Had n't used them a week before the blades were dragging and the spring would not return to full open . Annoying when you have acres of pruning to do . I 'm a bit anxious about making any un-directed adjustments to the screws I see . Can just picture parts flying everywhere with no instructions on how to re-assemble . I 'm typical man , so if it came with paperwork of any kind , it went out with the next mornings trash . At the reputation and price I 'd hoped for better . If nothing else label the adjustments .
 My wife Bette has 78 roses in her garden which is in the front yard , back yard and on both sides of our home.For many years she had a Felco F-2 which she loved but somehow she lost it -LRB- she thinks by putting it with cuttings and put them in the trash -RRB- which sounds like something I would do.We went on-line and ordered an F-2 which we recieved and have been trying to work it but it sticks . I have sprayed it with oil several times and it is good for a day of two and then it sticks again.One of the blades has a ridge which is about 1/8 '' wide and 1/8 '' thick . I do n't remember that on the older one -LRB- which she loved -RRB- having that.Very disappointed and as you know `` If momma aint happy , aint nobody happy . `` What is the next step?Howard HochmanP.S . I have an F-3 and am very happy with it .
 Given the high reputation of these pruners -LRB- and the great reviews they got on Amazon -RRB- I decided to invest in them . But as much as I wanted to like them , after six months of use I have to admit I 'm disappointed . The blade has already dulled and shows signs of rust , and the pruners now often stick -LRB- i.e. , do not snap back open after a cut and need to be nudged open -RRB- . I have oiled them regularly and sharpened as well . It 's possible I 'm missing something on the maintenance front . But after only six months one would expect a quality product to work well even with less-than-perfect maintenance , no ? In short , in my experience these have been no better , and actually a bit worse , than the `` regular '' pruners you can buy for 1/3 the price .
 Clearly of quality construction , but far too expensive given options that are available . Mine were stolen from my garage , and I replaced them with a two-piece combo purchased at Costco for $ 19.00 . They come with a life-time replacement guarantee . The $ 19 item cuts just as well as the Felco and is equally comfortable to hold and use .
 I was very disappointed in this . It has high reviews but the item I got was nearly useless . If I cut 4 or 5 stems the plant juices will cause the blades to stick together and I will have to use both hands to force them open . Then the next thing I cut they will stick closed again . Considering the other reviews I can only think that they are making this much more cheaply than they did in the past and the spring that opens the blades is much weaker . Anyway , it is useless . And I even bought the leather sheath for it . Which shows that sometimes even 96 positive reviews can be wrong . And leaves me still needing a decent pruner .
 The Felco pruner is very high quality but sticks together if any decent amount of plant material gets on the blades . I believe this is due to the spring not being strong enough to push back adequately . My old cheap fisker pruner is left outside in the weather all the time and still does n't have any issues with rust or sticking . I find myself using the junk pair more often for small everyday pruning jobs while leaving longer and involved tasks for the Felco . Do n't buy this if you want a convenient accessible pair that is worry free because these have to be constantly maintained , oiled , wiped , and kept indoors . This is the Ferrari of pruners , and with that comes the upkeep.EDIT : Tried to loosen the unit in order to fix the sticking . Looked up videos at the manufacturer website and on YouTube on how to disassemble . The secure keeper bolt was so tight that it was literally impossible to remove , tried everything , even the included tool and Wd-40 , it would n't budge . Returning the item .
 Although these pruners cost over twice as much as I had paid for pruners in the past , I bought them on Amazon , based on the feedback , thinking I had made a long-term investment . Instead , they have been a royal pain to use . The pruner sticks , meaning that I have to use both hands to make them open . In addition , the safety catch sticks and is hard to use . I 've almost cut myself several times as a result.I 've used oil , silicone , WD-40 to no avail . I keep thinking something so well rated will improve but that has not occurred . They certainly were a bad choice for me .
 This is listed as a felco pruner , so I ordered one , however , the pruner I got is NOT Felco . They sent me a pruner made by Zenport Industries in Taiwan . What a ripoff . Please be careful , this is a knockoff of the Felco brand .
 This pouch is the right size , has the right amount of pockets , the shoulder strap is nice , and it works pretty well for a variety of tools.Unfortunately , the zipper is junk . My pouch came straight out of the box with a zipper that would n't zip the teeth shut . Okay , fine . I just wo n't use that one and will open and close it with the other zip . Now , after only a couple of months on the job , the other zip wo n't close the zipper teeth . Closing the bag now takes several attempts . and even then it 's usually not zipped all the way.Very poor.I do n't overload the bag , as I 've got other bags to keep tools in as well -LRB- I 'm an HVAC tech -RRB- and this one only keeps my small basic hand/troubleshooting tools . There 's still lots of room in it.It 's a good thing the bag is so cheap , otherwise I 'd be very irritated with a 2-month old bag that already wo n't zip properly -LRB- and never did , to be honest -RRB- . And yes , I probably should have just returned it since the zip was already bad , but I needed the bag NOW and ignored common sense . Oh well . I 'll be buying a Veto soon enough , and this bag will be left to around the home duty .
 Picture showed long bracket , was sent stubby brackets instead . Total rip-off , would never buy from again
 Specs not provided . Received the brackets which are too small for the rail . Returning would not yield any return since brackets were $ 1.97 and shipping $ 4.20 . So it was a waste of money .
 I broke the carrier after 1 week of use . Straps are not strong enough . The product would be much better if they looped one continuous nylon strap around the bottom of the carrier , large enough to form the handles .
 This carrier is less than half the size of a similar one I used to have that carried full-sized logs . This one is so small , only kindling for a standard size fireplace would fit in it .
 When it arrived I was suprised at how small it was . It looked nice , but was obviously intended for logs that were less than 12 inches long , or they would tip out one way or the other . I ended up buying a much larger one for $ 2 more , well worth the money to be able to carry double the load .
 I bought this for my son-in-law who thought it was fine but the one I have is much wider and I think better for carrying wood .
 I ordered this carrier despite reviews that mentioned its small size . Big mistake . It is much much smaller than it appears in the photo . I am returning it for a larger carrier .
 This product gives new meaning to `` Made in China '' . The quality of the materials is so inferior I ca n't beleive Amazon even carries it as a product . The leather straps were so thin & flimsy that one broke -LRB- not detached - but accually broke in two ! -RRB- after the third time I used it . This `` log '' carrier might be OK for carrying kindling , but definitely not split firewood .
 This product is put together well but is 3 + inches narrower that the one shown in the product picture . It will still do the job but it would be better if an accurate picture was used .
 While this item will work for me it is much smaller -LRB- and less expensive -RRB- than the log carrier that it is replacing . I would say this is the size needed for wood being carried inside for a small wood-burning stove/heater or old-fashioned pot-bellied stove . I would not use `` log '' in the title .
 If you 're looking for a `` quick '' summary , it 's this
 Got the Gilmour quick connect at Lowe 's , and they are brass plated , so they look like brass in the package . But they are really light , and as soon as you start using them the ball bearing keepers start wearing into the male connector , and you can see that it is actually made of a silver colored metal that is very soft . I do n't think they will last long.But when new , they do work well .
 On the surface these connectors appear to be very well made . Do n't be fooled ; they leak because the male connector wobbles in the female recepticle . To make matters worse , you must use Gilmore washers in these . The Gilmore washers are oversized and will not fit standard American hose connections . Do yourself a favor and buy Nelson ; they may also be made in China too -LRB- I do n't know -RRB- but at least they work !!
 WATCH OUT BUYING THESE ... I have used them for quite a while and used to like them a lot ... . but bought some new ones lately and they LOOK LIKE BUT ARE NOT BRASS ... I think the Chinese are pulling one over on Gilmour and making them out of aluminum or pot metal with a brass coloring . . They fused themselves to my faucets and hoses buy electolysis . BE CARFUL BUYING THESE AND LOOK THEM OVER CLOSELY The aluminum ones have a little funny coloring and are lighter in weight than the real brass ones .
 I bought several of these thinking they looked like good quality . And they are , very good quality , do n't leak and not too big . But the little buggers are impossible to unsnap while connected to the homes . The problem is , the rubber collar is too small to get a good grip on it -LRB- esp with wet fingers -RRB- . Coupled with the undersized collar , the spring tension is way too high . I ended up unscrewing the fittings from one section of hose every time I needed to separate them . -LRB- * So what good is a disconnect if you ca n't get it to disconnect ? -RRB- I took them off and went back to a screwed connection until I can find something that is easy to use.Not recommended as far too difficult to separate once connected to the hose .
 I bought several sets of this disconnect with shut off valves . They have leaked since the day I bought them . If you move the hoses around enough it has been possible to stop the leaks sometimes . I bought these to replace the cheap plastic one that I have used for a number of years . I 'm going back to them - they only leak about 10 % of the times they are mated . Save your money and buy cheap plastic ones .
 I 've purchased these Gilmore brass hose connectors for over three years and found repeatedly that the black plastic ring on the female connector -LRB- the ring you retract to release the connectors -RRB- becomes brittle and cracks/breaks off after about one year . This makes this piece of the connector useless . I invested in the good Gilmore brass connectors -LRB- Gilmore makes an identical less-expensive aluminum connector -RRB- because I wanted connectors I could use year-after-year . I 've found myself replacing most of them the second season of use . I contacted Gilmore customer service with this problem and never received a response . This year I began buying the Orbit brand brass hose connectorsOrbit Brass Hose Quick Connect Set 58117 . These seem to be interchangeable with the Gilmore connectors , so I can continue using the hardware I already have . The plastic collars on the Orbit connectors are a harder material that looks significantly stronger than the Gilmore product . Orbit also uses an `` O '' ring seal that I believe is superior to the design of the Gilmore product . I 'll have to wait and see how long the Orbit connectors last . But I 've found the Gilmore connectors usually stick around on average only about 18 months .
 I had high hopes for this highly rated hose quick connect set . The product looked well made and the rubber collars seems a nice way to protect the fittings and make it easy to use . Unfortunately the rubber collars are the downfall of this product . During installation the rubber easily slipped off the knurled base on both the male and female fittings . When trying to connect the two the rubber collar on the lock ring would slide forward and block any connection unless you made the effort to push the collar back into position and connect your end device at the same time . If the rubber portion of the product had stayed in place this could have been a great product .
 This is open box -LRB- not new -RRB- . The board was n't sealed in plastic , length is variy -LRB- shortest one is 1/3 of longest one -RRB- , 2 more ponds weight then described , groov do n't march well , put them together , their not even flat , color is much darker then picture shows.I order one carton for repair my floor.My carpenter suggest me return it due to the quality . But seller refuse my return request due to the polices about no return under 4 carton . I feel I was tricked.Make sure your order is not open one , because the board sharp could chang a lot .
 Our house came with this system for the claw-foot tub , and I have the receipts that show it was installed in 2002 -- three years before we bought the house . In those three years , the ceramic on the hot water handle cracked and , soon after we moved in , the faucets began leaking . We have to disassemble the faucets every six months and replace the washers , which are challenging to find at local stores . We finally have a supplier for the washers , but it 's a tremendous hassle to have to take your shower apart twice a year because the washers wear out so quickly . My wife 's father is a plumber and says it 's a design flaw -- the metal parts wear out the washers quickly . It 's shocking that this cost $ 600 . It seems like a $ 250 system , tops . Look elsewhere and save your money if you value your time .
 We bought an old house and completed many restorations . One of the first things we needed to address was the bathroom so we thought this shower system would be the perfect compliment . In less than one year , the hot water handle quit working and we 'd have to jimmy it to get the water turn on . It turned out the joint construction was allowing the internal washer to move around , thus wearing it out and preventing it from consistently working . We had two plumbers adjust it , replace the washer etc , but to no avail . In addition , two of the ceramic handle covers cracked from normal usage . We 're going to have to replace the entire thing ... all within two years of purchase.This has been very frustrating , and the seller disclaims in their materials that you can only send it back after opening the box upon arrival and determining whether all the pieces are present . There 's no period in which you can install it , determine it does n't work and send it back.Save your $ 600 + and go elsewhere !
 I had basement work done that involved digging up my entire yard , so I had no yard until reseeding in the fall . Anticipating that mowing would begin that fall , I bought the RL 850 Robomower in June . Seeding took place in September , and I eagerly began to try out my new mowing toy in October . I 'll describe the entire process I went through to date : Laying the perimeter wire was a major project , since I have a large size yard with several trees , a shed , and a rock garden island . I think that even if I simply laid out the wire around a rectangle box of a yard , the provided pegs and wire would n't be enough . I ultimately ended up ordering one extra roll of wire and four bags of pegs to get my front , back , and sides of the yard securely wired . -LRB- You 'll want more . Trust me . See the very bottom of this review for more information ... -RRB- I also ended up buying a 3-inch edger to get this job done without killing my knees and back . At that , it took three weeks of evenings to get everything in place and securely pegged down , with dirt wheeled in to fill in the edging.Once all wiring was in place , we eagerly watched the mower do its thing . It was quite a spectacle to the neighbors and even the UPS man , watching this little mower do its thing in the front yard . Sure enough , it zoomed this way and that , back and forth , staying within the wire and fairly well covering the entire front yard . It does seem to be less generous with cutting tighter quarters . I have a tree that 's about 5 feet from my sidewalk and driveway , and that area invariably gets neglected by the robomower . I just manually run it over that area , which does n't seem like a big deal -- except that I have a few areas like that between the front and back yards . Anyway , it mows , and does a decent job of getting most of the area cut.Right away , though , we noticed that the cut was n't as short as I 'd like . My neighbor was chatting over it and agreed that it hardly looked like it removed any grass last fall when we first ran it . We adjusted the height , which made no difference . An online investigation indicated that the mower comes with high-cut blades , and if you want a closer cut , you have to order the low-cut blades separately . So , we ordered and they arrived a couple of weeks later , and the yard was cut more to my liking.If my robomower continued as it did last fall in October when cutting my lawn , I 'd indicate we 're happy with this purchase . It is n't holding up , and it 's only April of the following year -- 6 months after I began using the mower . To put this in better perspective , I mowed my tender new grass 2-3 times in late October just because I was eager to use my new electric mower gadget . Living in Kansas , it got cold and even snowed , so the mower was safely stored in my garage through the winter months in early November and not in use ... I got it out three weeks ago for the first mow of the spring , and right away , I noticed it running somewhat sluggishly when manually moving it to the yard to start mowing . I set it up , turned on the perimeter switch , and let it do its thing , and the robomower nicely cut my side yard , which takes all of one hour . No problem so far , I thought.Then I moved it to my front yard and let it mow that zone . It got about half way through the front yard before it died entirely and I had to literally drag the mower to the garage to plug it in -- only a half hour after it began cutting the front yard . When it died , it died completely . There was no juice left to move it to the garage or even to turn it on and begin to head in that direction.I thought , maybe the poor thing is just sluggish from having been stored for the winter , etc. . I recharged 24 hours , babytalked to the thing , and set it out on the front lawn to begin mowing again . It finished the front lawn , which takes 80 minutes , and then I moved it to my back yard to start in . It died within 20 minutes , although this time it had enough remaining juice to limp along to the garage for recharging.Today , I brought it out to the back yard to try again . Just over an hour into the mowing process , after a full day 's charge , it died again . This time completely . I had to drag the power charger cord and an extension cord out to resuscitate it before I could move it back to the garage again for recharging . Grrrrr!I checked my battery stats setting on the mower , and it looks like the mower got all of 24 hours of use from the original battery it came with before it essentially wasted away . Given the size of my yard , it 'll probably take four days of single hour-long mowings before I can get hte entire back yard mowed . Unfortunately , it 's not like the mower can tell where it died out and quit mowing each time , so when I return it to eh yard to restart , it ends up going back to places it had already mowed.Obviously , I 'm an unhappy camper . Based on the many reviews I 'd read prior to buying the robomower , I opted for a second battery which was purchased at the time that I bought the mower itself . I had envisioned that I could charge one while the other was on the mower . Unfortunately , I did n't buy the special external cord to charge it . It 's still in the box as I type this . Looks like it was a good thing to have prebought , since the old battery will be going back as soon as I can reach tech support for a warranty claim.I 'll keep you posted on how Friendly responds to my inquiry about a warranty claim . At this point , I 've socked a lot of money into a mower that fizzles after a single hour , and whose battery died after 24 hours of total use . Clearly , this product is not ready for primetime . Unfortunately , since I invested all of my mowing dollars into buying this thing in good faith , I 'm going to have to go through the warranty folks to get this resolved so it 's up and functioning right away.About the need for more pegs
 In writing this review I have very mixed feelings and buyers remorse.First I would say that if you expect great customer service from the the manufacture , your not going to get it . I expected a vendor return with my product as it is defective , but the vendor is absolute in me sending it in for warranty work . After dropping a buck and a half you 'd think they 'd be concerned about reviews and such , but I guess not . Their stance is that it has a two year warranty and that how it should be handled.The reason I have mixed feelings is that my mom has the mower with no issues , in fact she is the reason I purchased it , but I see a train wreck coming and things for me usually only get worse with defective product ... I THINK I GOT A LEMON.Thank god for Amazon as they are taking a return !
 I bought one of these a little over two years ago . Within the first 90 days , it had to go back for a warranty transmission repair . After I got it back , it ran the first season with no other problems.Last year , while sitting in the garage attached to the charger , the drive wheels started turning , and it tried to push its way through the garage wall -LRB- completely ignoring the bumper interlock , which under normal circumstances disables the drive wheels -RRB- for an hour or more before I heard it and removed the battery . As a work-around , I started charging the battery outside of the machine . It continued to work for the rest of the season.This year , it started quitting after 20-30 minutes of run time . I thought the battery pack had gone bad , but every time it did this and I checked on it , the display was completely blank instead of displaying the normal `` recharge battery '' message . I found that it would run for its normal 2 + hours if I ran it after the sun was almost down . Perhaps the control/display panel shorts out when in direct sunlight . No problem , I can mow at night . It 's quiet and does n't bother the neighbors.This week , I took the battery off of the external charger and placed it in the machine . It beeped , but would n't complete the boot-up sequence . I checked all the fuses , and everything else I could think of , all to no avail . I loved `` Beetle '' and wish that there was a network of repair techs instead of only one or two centers in the US that can repair these machines . It would cost nearly $ 100 for round-trip shipping just to find out what the problem is.Sadly , I bought a reel mower for $ 80 to replace it .
 Many of these reviews seem to be from recent purchasers . I 've owned a RL1000 for 2 years now and I thought people could benefit from a more experienced owner.In 2 years I 've had to replace the power supply 3 times and the docking station board 3 times . Both these components are about $ 100 once you get done with shipping and such so you 'll need to budget about $ 300 a year in maintenance costs . This is n't including the 2 sets of blades I also bought . -LRB- By the way , do n't bother with the `` deep cut '' blades , they do n't mulch any better than the regular blades . -RRB- None of the components on this system were designed with durability in mind . I had 1 of the docking station boards fail after 2 -LRB- count 'em 2 -RRB- days . The service for these units is terrible , simply terrible.Finally , last week , one of the drive wheels failed and it just kept driving around in a circle . I 'm not going to spend any more money on it , so I bought a lawn tractor.Even when things are not breaking down , its operation is problematic at best . It is not something you can let run unattended . The first season the unit kept leaving the perimeter area . Had to call 3 times before anyone could tell me how to correct that issue -LRB- sensor needed adjustment -RRB- . The unit would also get stuck a lot . More often than not , I would have to go out and move it away from an area that is was bogged down in.I ca n't recommend this product to anyone . Which is really a shame because when it does work , it kept the grass looking very good .
 About a month after the warrantee expired so did the mother board in this mower . I am not happy about that . It sat in my basement all season last year and I now mow again with a conventional electric mower . It works great when it works but when it goes bad it just turns in circles and that 's the end of that . Anybody want a good deal on this unit to fix it ? I ca n't afford a new board right now .
 Well I must say that I was lured to the thought of a mower cutting the grass while I was doing other things . You can say I was like a Greek sailor and the Robomower was the Sirens . Anyone who knows Greek mythology knows that the Sirens lead Greek ships into the rocks and sent the sailors to their death . Tis the story with the Robomower.For the high price of this mower I expected it to last more than 3 years without a major repair . My blade motor went out just after three summers of use . Since I live in Michigan my mowing season is quite short . Of course the mower is out of warranty . The cost of shipping for the repair and the repair itself is not a cost effective choice . I could purchase a low-end gas mower for the same amount.Seems to me the technology has a little ways to go yet . I wish you luck if you choose to purchase the Robomower . For me I am going to wait until they are better built . My recommendation is you do the same .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 Make sure you read all of this review before making your decision . Anyone can buy a new car , toy , or appliance and be happy the first few weeks . It 's the time factor that you need in making an intelligent decision about a product . Just how long does it last . That 's why I try to make sure I update my review throughout the life of the product.I have had my robomower for 3 weeks now and I love it . No more taking allergy medication before mowing for me . You put it in a dry place , let it charge and then set it out on its own . It took a good 2 days to install and it includes everything to get you running . The kit includes 200 stakes , charger , 500 feet of wire -LRB- if you need more you can use 14 guage - 500 feet - $ 20 from hardware store -RRB- , signal unit and two signal unit connectors.It 's controlled by the installation of the wire around the perimeter of your yard . The mower will only run inside the wire . You can also break your yard into sections and put it in that section , moving it from each section when it finishes . The wire can be buried or installed with the small stakes included . Once you install the wire you connect the signal unit to the two ends of the wire from the perimeter to a small unit that sends a signal around the wire . Once the wire is installed you simply use the hand unit that looks like a ninetendo controller to drive the mower to it 's starting position . Starting the mower is even easier , just press the `` Go '' button on the top of the unit . The mower will start by cutting around the perimeter of your yard following the wire . Then it will stay inside the wire and go back and forth cutting the grass . It makes a shape like a bunch of W 's connected -LRB- WWWWWWW -RRB- when it cuts.As you can see from the picture it looks like a little toy space ship . Little toy !? Do n't let this fool you . This thing weighs in at a little over 100 pounds and it has some torque to go with it . If you have holes in your yard you may have to fill them in , but they will have to be pretty deep before the mower will get stuck . The wheels are adjustable and the higher setting does make it easier for it to pull out of tough situations . I was worried that my yard might be a little steep , but the mower really surprised me . The cut was clean and my lawn has never looked better . The neighbors are trying to keep up with me now.As I mentioned , it has a small removable control that looks like a Nintendo game controller that you can use to drive it around your yard . I did find the controls to be a bit sluggish and if you are not careful you will find yourself pressing on the controller pretty hard . This may lead to unusual wear on the control and I could see myself taking it in for a repair.I guess you may be wondering what this thing uses to cut . Well , there are three tungsten blades that make a low humming noise , but it 's so low that you can carry on a conversation while it passes you in the yard . I had one neighbor comment that it was great that it was so quiet . I have put robo out late at night before to cut until 1a . m . The neighbors did n't even know that I had it out . So far it 's cut the yard nicely . Although I imagine that you will have to buy a set of blades every year . I 'll update this on the price later.The first couple of weeks I had to put the mower out almost everyday for the whole week so it could get all the grass cut . It has to run over the tall grass a couple of times , but it eventually got it all . I do wish they would put a sensor on the mower so it knows when it hits a clump of tall grass and would cut in a square or circle for a few minutes.I would also recommend robo owners to put their mower out at least once a week . I noticed that the dandelions , which are usually a pretty tough weed , were only cut if they were less than 4 inches tall . Dandelions will grow pretty fast and can be 7 inches in no time.I also had a little trouble with the charging mechanism . It has an LCD window on the controller that tells you when the unit is fully charged . I put the unit on charge and checked it again after 24 hours , it was still telling me that it was charging . I checked with the manufacturer . They told me that it was known to happen and that it could be considered fully charged after 24 hours . After I unplugged the mower it showed on the controller that the battery was full , but the mower did not run the full 4 hours . Since my grass was completely cut I let it charge over the weekend . This time when I checked it the Ready indicator was showing in the window.If you do not like mowing your yard , get a robomower . I would recommend it to anyone . You may want to hurry since they are discontinuing the 800 series . The new 850 & 1000 are almost double the price , but they do charge themselves which makes not mowing even better . ---------------------------------------------------- June 24 , 2004 -- Well into mowing season in NC.The mower is doing great , although I have noticed a few sqeaks as it 's running . I put it out every other day and let it run . I have noticed it being a little sluggish in thick bermuda grass , but I would have trouble pushing a mower through that stuff myself.I also found out that you can replace the controller . It seems here is a small cover inside the controller tray that is removable . The controller plugs into the unit with a small plug that looks like a phone jack . Now I can replace it if needed.The only other thing that I 've noticed is that the charge time is around 36 hours instead of 24 . The charger that comes with the mower is a trickle charge and does n't put out much power . There is a fast charger but I do n't think it 's worth it.Sept 16 , 2004 - Hope this is n't a sign of the future --------------------------------------------- Had to take the mower in for service . There is a sensor on the front wheel that detects if the front of the mower has been lifted . Mine is saying that the front wheel is off the ground when it is not . I just talked to the repairman the other day . He tells me that he put a new front wheel sensor in and it was n't the problem after all . Now he is replacing the main motherboard . It 's been 2 weeks now so my grass is getting pretty high with all the rain we have been having . I hope this is just a fluke of my luck . I would hold off on buying one until you see how my story ends . I 'll post an update when I get the mower back . I only have a couple more weeks of mowing.October 1 , 2004 ------------------------------------------------------- Just got off the phone with the rep from friendly . He is telling me that the part for my mower should be here by next Wed. . Today is Friday . They knew at the first of the week that the main board was bad . It looks like it 's going to be a month before they can get my mower fixed . I understand that they are working with the local shop to make sure I get the part even though the shop should be going through their parent company . I also understand that it would have taken longer had it not been from Robomower company stepping in.Final words
 Yep I 've tried this and it just wo n't do a REAL QUALITY job especially with tough lawns that have thick grass . I even had an electric in 1963 using a 12V battery and it still was n't powerful enough to do the job right . I purchased a 12HP Murray 38 '' Rider for $ 600 20 years ago and it still is running to date with ZERO Repairs except the deck has rotted a bit finally . Most things can not be improved upon unless its a serious effort and not a gadget . Just like PCs now , nothing has seriously changed for several years and if you pay more than $ 400 for a good laptop your foolish.So in my opinion this is just another gadget for simple lawns and not a serious entry for large areas ever .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 I remember seeing robotic lawnmowers at Disney , many years before RoboMower came to market . I was thrilled when I had a chance to buy one , for many reasons I wo n't bore you with.When I bought it , it took several days to get set up properly . I buried the cable carefully , and had to order more wire and stakes than what came in the box -- not a problem , I have a big yard . Once up and running , `` Clyde '' worked very well for about 9 months . Then the problems started . Initially , Friendly Robotics had great customer service , spending time with me on the phone to diagnose various problems , then sending me replacement parts as needed . For the next 9 months or so , Clyde worked intermittently . There were several trips to the service center -LRB- a VERY expensive shipping bill for them and later , for me -RRB- and before long , pretty much everything that could be replaced or serviced on the thing had been . I live in Florida , which is probably the toughest conditions for this mower , but when it worked , it worked wonderfully . Over time , the Friendly Robotics people became less friendly , probably thinking that I was not capable of the self-repairs they were asking me to do over the phone to save shipping charges . They referred me to Probotics , who were happy to sell me more parts.I am capable , handy and never had any problem understanding anything about the technical services I was performing , but the sheer tonnage of -LRB- wo -RRB- man hours I had into this thing by now were staggering . At the time , as a freelancer with a flexible schedule , I was willing to do it . I suspect that many consumers would not want to go through all that I did to keep their mowers running.At some point , about a year and a half after our first date , Clyde jumped his wire and was foraging near my bedroom window in the middle of the night . This was not a programmed time for him , and he had strayed outside his wire perimeter . It was very sad . I tried all the things I had now learned to do from talking with the FR and Probotics people for so long , but Clyde never returned to his old self . One day in an aimless spiral in the back yard , he just quit . At that point , I had found a full time job and could no longer dedicate time to fixing him . Having paid a lot for him , however , I felt that I should receive some sort of further service or at least a partial refund , since he was under warranty . Both Friendly Robotics and Probotics quit returning my calls and emails . They pointed fingers at each other . I was abandoned.Clyde was dead , FR and Probotics non-responsive , and I was trying to start a new job . I just let Clyde languish in his cradle on the side of the house for two years , unable to say goodbye . I decided to FreeCycle him this weekend , thinking he might be a good science project for an enterprising teen , but I did n't want to do it without writing this eulogy . RIP Clyde and caveat emptor .
 I purchased the RL800 in April 2003 from Amazon , hoping to get out of mowing the lawn . I ended up wasting lots of time and money on this useless device instead . My original review for the mower was actually positive . It worked well for the first summer and I did n't mow the lawn once with my push mower . I even recommended it to my coworkers . But the following spring , we got a lot of rain which caused the ground to get saturated . The robomower wheels lost traction in the wet grass and kept getting stuck in the middle of my lawn . I had to go out to push it along at least 5 or 6 times . I would have been better off taking my push mower out and mowing it myself , which is what I did until the ground dried up . Once summer came around , I brought the robomower out hoping it would perform like it did the year before . Wrong again ! After less than 2 hours , the battery ran out of steam . The robomower is EXTREMELY slow so 2 hours is nowhere near enough time to completely mow my lawn . And yes I did read the manual on how to properly maintain the battery . I constantly charged it even while not in use . And during the winter if temps fell below 0 degrees , I was instructed to remove the battery and place it inside somewhere dry , which I did . Hoping to salvage use for the robomower , I purchased a second battery and the rapid external charger this year . I manually mowed my lawn with a push mower for the beginning of this year while the ground was too wet for the robomower . Then when it dried up enough , I decided to let the robomower take over . I unleash it on my lawn and 20 minutes later it stops . The robomower was beeping with the error `` Check Power '' message on the controller . I bring it back in and try charging it , but the error does n't go away . I plug the power supply into another power outlet on a different circuit breaker and get same error . I put in my second battery and still same error . I end up calling tech support for assistance . Coincidentally , the 2 year warranty just ended in April so I was one month passed it . Their diagnosis was possibly a bad power supply and/or bad controller . When I asked if they could help me fix it , they told me not without getting charged even though I was only a month out of warranty . Keep in mind , I would have found out sooner about the problem if the robomower worked properly when the ground was a little wet . Thanks Friendly Robotics ! So do n't make the same mistake I made . Just mow your lawn yourself like I do now .
 You have to have a flat lot , and not many trees in there for Friendly Robo ... to work . It will get stuck right by the trees , and if it rained , then you can not use it because it gets stuck . It can not cut tall grass , and leaves some grass here and there . The worst part is the service . Mine had problem the second week , and when I called the tech . the only way he would look at it is for me to ship it to them . That is 80 to 100 dollars in shipment , and he did n't know how long it will take . You are dealing with Middle Eastern company , so do n't expect good customer service .
 Well I must say that I was lured to the thought of a mower cutting the grass while I was doing other things . You can say I was like a Greek sailor and the Robomower was the Sirens . Anyone who knows Greek mythology knows that the Sirens lead Greek ships into the rocks and sent the sailors to their death . Tis the story with the Robomower.For the high price of this mower I expected it to last more than 3 years without a major repair . My blade motor went out just after three summers of use . Since I live in Michigan my mowing season is quite short . Of course the mower is out of warranty . The cost of shipping for the repair and the repair itself is not a cost effective choice . I could purchase a low-end gas mower for the same amount.Seems to me the technology has a little ways to go yet . I wish you luck if you choose to purchase the Robomower . For me I am going to wait until they are better built . My recommendation is you do the same .
 How clich&eacute; for a product to break shortly after the warranty period . Well that is what you have here with the Robomower . Of course the cost to ship and fix the mower is quite expensive . When I purchased this product the Friendly Robotics went on and on about how good it was . Well let me tell you that this is not the case . The product is not even close to worth what it costs . I am going to stick with conventional gas mowers from now on . We all need to protect ourselves from products that are costly with short warranty periods .
 I bought these cables for the wire and not to use as jumper cables . The wire inside is 8 gauge at the most and not 4 gauge like it says . I will be returning them .
 What I thought I was buying was a name-brand , high-quality set of jumper cables . What I received was an off-brand , flea-market-quality set of jumper cables made in China . To add insult to injury , it cost me $ 10 to return this crap .
 They claim to be 4 gauge , but not even close . Not a problem if you are jumping a little Honda , but definitely a problem for more demanding work . Compare with 8 gauge cables ... not 4 gauge.The lowest star rating is 1 . These deserve 0 .
 I had the exact same experience as others
 Do not buy , they look nice hanging in our tiki hut , and work well , but the fabric blades deteriorate quickly , 2 1/2 years old and the loops on the back of the blades are breaking , they cost $ 54.00 per set from Hunter as per a support email . Hunter has a 1-800 number but I 've never been able to speak to a person in 20 + tries , music combined with the insanely annoying woman 's voice every 10 seconds is suicide inducing . I 'm in que with Hunter right now , current time on phone is 25min . 35 min . 40 min , it 's getting difficult now , must hang on . Yea , 43 min and got an answer , unfortunately the blades are not available for purchase , Hunter did offer to send me one new fan that I could take the blades off of for replacements , but I declined since it would only be a short term fix until the other blades broke . Best bet is to steer clear of these .
 I bought this fan because it 's rated for wet use -LRB- for our new pergola -RRB- . The price is attractive and it 's a nice looking fan . Now , I 've installed ceiling fans before -LRB- all indoor -RRB- , so I knew what to expect with the installation . But I found the instructions difficult to understand.Since this is for wet , outdoor use , I installed a diecast metal electrical backbox -LRB- also wet rated -RRB- . Part of the fan installation instructions wanted me to use a couple 3 '' wood screws to secure the fan ceiling mounting plate to the ceiling joist . It 's great plan , but my weather rated back box does n't have holes in the back by design . If I was to drill holes in the backbox , it 's weather resistant integrity would be lost . Ultimatly , I installed the screws for the extra support , but I installed them further apart so they did n't have to pass through the backbox.The instructions tell you to install the electrical backbox so lip of the opening is recessed a minimum of 1/16 '' . Well , the screws they provide to mount the ceiling plate to the backbox are too short with any recess at all . I had to supplement the provided hardware with a trip to the hardware store ; I hate doing that in the middle of a project.Most other fans I 've installed have a bracket built into the ceiling plate that accepts the main swivel center `` post '' . Besides being a permanent support for the fan motor , it allows the installer to relax a little while installing an adapter cover . The cover is decorative and does n't actually support the weight of the fan . Not so on the Sanibel ; you have to support the weight of the fan motor with one hand while you attempt to line up screw holes -LRB- that you ca n't see by the way because of the neoprene gasket blocking your vision and with your other hand , install the three thumbscrews that will support the weight of the fan ! This is a poor design ! They provided a tab on the ceiling bracket that 's supposed to support the canopy on one side , but I was unable to get the tab into hole in the canopy with out loosening the ceiling plate . Of course I could n't do that , becasue once the cover was installed , I could no longer tighten the ceiling plate again.You know , for as long a I have this fan installed , I will always worry about the little cover screws coming loose and the fan falling down . I am VERY disappointed with this fan .
 Wont go in reverse . White canvas gets nasty quick.Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words .
 The ceiling fan came super fast but the blades were not white like I thought they would be . Instead they are a very ivory / cream color , and they are not cotton like fabric , more like the fabric that is used to make wind breaker jackets . The shipping to send it back was very easy though .
 I bought 2 of these fans 2 years ago for under my pergola 's . The material on the fan blades fell apart after 1 1/2 years . There is no reason other than the material is poor quality . I called Hunter and they sent out new blades which my husband had to install and it was VERY difficult . The material was the same so I will have the same problem 2 years from now . I am having replacement sails made out of Sunbrella . Hunter would not give me alternate blades or a replacement fan . I wish I knew then what I know now . I just want to save someone else from the same problems .
 We had to replace two outside fans and really thought these were unique . My husband had a difficult time installing them , but we especially had trouble with the light kit . Glass against Metal connection was scary to install on the first fan , but we got it in after a couple of tries . The second fan , however , was another story . We tried and tried and after breaking a couple of CFLs -LRB- the one they provide must be the smallest available on the market because every other one we tried was too big to get the globe to fit -RRB- we finally got it into place only to have it come crashing to the ground when we tried to feed through the chains . Called Hunter and the globe was on backorder for two months . Should have returned both fans to amazon right then , but we decided to wait for the new globe . The new globe arrived with the same problem -LRB- it is out of round at the connection point -RRB- . Attempted to install anyway and broke the glass where it connects -LRB- again , glass against metal and twisting to connect -- really , Hunter ?? Really ?? VERY POOR DESIGN !! -RRB- Called Hunter again and after being put on hold , being told I would receive a call , and calling again I finally got someone who was willing to replace the entire fan , but I would have to pay to ship the first one back . Again , should have returned them when I had the chance through Amazon !! I finally worked my way up the chain and the manager is going to find a globe that fits into the light kit and send both parts to replace our current light kit . I 'm really hoping it works and we do n't have anymore broken glass on our patio .
 The fan , particularly the light kit , is difficult to install . Now that it is installed -LRB- five months ago -RRB- the housing holding the globe/shade just fell off of the fan the first hot day of summer . In examining the light kit , it is obvious to me that it is was not designed/built for outdoor use because it does not provide adequate strength and play for expansion/contraction . I am surprised since it is an outdoor fan with a wet rating . Furthermore , good luck with even finding out how to order a replacement globe from Hunter.The fan looks great , but do n't count on it lasting or being easy to fix if you have a problem .
 Have had ongoing problems with Bosch tankless . Replaced several parts at a cost totaling over half the original unit 's cost , but still functions unreliably . Customer support is terrible - over 40 minute wait for service , representatives are rude and poorly trained . Highly recommend looking at one of the other manufacturers of tankless water heaters !
 After two years of problem after problem with this product we walked downstairs this morning to discover steam and water all over our bathroom floor . The water heater had completely cracked , in short it blew out in at least three places on the heat exchanger unit . So glad no one was hurt ! Needless to say we will be trying to get our money back because this item was still under the 12 year warranty on the exchanger . Based on the comments above I think I may have trouble doing so . Buyer beware .
 I bought this unit since it had good reviews and a good company to stand behind it . After having the unit for about 4 months , it FROZE and developed two serious leaks - enough to flood two rooms . A friend in the area purchased the same unit from Amazon and had the same thing happen TWICE ; we did not use the same plumbers for installations . Our installations were different -LRB- ours on an interior wall , theirs on an exterior wall -RRB- . The freezes -LRB- theirs and ours -RRB- happened about two weeks apart -LRB- about -20 and +15 degrees -RRB- . After doing a few internet searches , we discovered several reports of this happening - the problem was caused by both of us using wood stoves for heat . According to those sources and corroboration by our plumbers , the wood stoves cause a down draft through the hot water heater ; the combustion for the wood stoves needed more oxygen than our tightly sealed houses would allow . The only solution was to leave a window or two open just a crack or remove the seals around the doors , etc. . The other solution was to add an air exchanger . You would think that Bosch would include a warning about this happening since it is happening to many people -LRB- just do an internet search -RRB- . They warn you about not giving the plastic shipping bag to a baby , but they do not give you a warning about using this item with a house containing a wood stove -LRB- or fireplace , I assume -RRB- . Use this item with CAUTION if you live anywhere with a true winter season .
 the unit itself failed within first 2 weeks , it was installed last Nov. and i am still trying to solve the heater problem , called tech supports , they do n't take the responsbility , and make up all kind of reasons accuse it is owner 's fault for wrong installations.i am want to solve this water heater problems and call them , but they do n't even return my calls.this is ridiculous that such a big company has this bad service.people who are considering buying tankless water heater , watch out for their services . they do n't cover labor , and 10-15 % of parts .
 If you live in a place that experiences temperatures below 32 degrees , DO NOT BUY THIS hot water heater . They will freeze and the company will not stand behind their product . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is about the 5th book light I have bought . Others were either not bright enough , bulky , or broke after limited use . When I first used this light it was bright and fully illuminated both pages of a paperback book . That quickly changed and now I have to constantly move it over the pages in order to get enough light . If the battery life were better I would give it a strong recommendation as a travel light . As is , the two CR2450 batteries cost somewhere around $ 1 each so I would only consider this a backup device . Since I use it a lot at home rather then travel I also prefer an ac adapter to save on battery costs and to insure consistent output .
 I have had many cordless Makita drills for probably almost 15 years , and only ever had one battery expire in that time !! I bought a DeWalt set this time because it had so many different cordless tools I wanted , and because several guys I know who use their drills a lot , recommended them.Big Mistake ! The original 3 batteries only lasted one to two years !! This is my last DeWalt Tool purchase . I was spoiled with Makita batteries . Even leaving them in my garage in boiling Phoenix , AZ summers , they last years and years and do n't fail.I bought the two battery set thru Amazon from MaxTool . Then a few weeks after receiving the batts , MaxTool sent me a bill ! so I had to contact Amazon to get email verification that they had paid the vendor , then relay the information to MaxTool . It was really a hassle . MaxTool says it is taken care of , but time will tell . I wo n't buy from MaxTool again if they are going to try to double-dip me ...
 I purchased a dewalt 18v combo pack -LRB- hammer drill , circ saw , recip saw and flashlight -RRB- . My biggest complaint is with the batteries.Out of 5 batteries , only 1 still works . I just ordered 2 more because without batteries the tools are useless , so what do you do . I should throw the whole set in the trash and start over with a different brand , but that 's a lot of $ $ $ $ . The recip saw variable speed does n't work , it runs only about half speed . The drill that came with the set burned up so I bought another one since I had the set and I do like the drill.With cordless tool sets you are sorta stuck with the brand you buy , unless you start over .
 I purchased this with the ad stating it was factory sealed . it did not come that way . Batteries do work fine . it is just the seller mislead .
 I was really proud to buy Dewalt 's kit with drill , sawzall and light kit with two new XRP batteries that came with them 6 years ago . One of them lasted to about ten charge cycles and yes I did charge them right using the instructions provided for proper battery charging and discharging . The other one died before twenty charges.So I got these two and I 'll be darned if these XRP 's did n't die out on me within a few months . I took one of them to a battery store but the cost was too high to replace the sub c cells in it and the lady there told me that two were fried and that it is a common fault with these type of batteries.I 'm going to sell my Dewalt stuff and get some other brand that comes with decent batteries . For the price of these batteries it is easier to lug around a corded tool anyway . It is too much to pay Dewalt for batteries that last so short .
 THIS IS THE SECOND DEWALT FLASHLIGHT THAT WORKED ONLY FOR A SHORT TIME HEATED UP AND THEN STOPPED WORKING I WAS AWAY FOR A WHILE AND DID NOT HAVE THE CHANCE TO REPORT THIS WOULD LOVE TO GET ANOTHER ONE TO REPLACE IT BUT NOT SURE IF THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG THE BATCH OF THEM THAT ARE BEING SENT
 This person does not send product . Do not buy from them .
 The tools are good but the batteries do not last . I have purchased 5 batteries and they are all dead . The last two did not run 2hrs in the last 12 months . Very disappointed in dewalt quality .
 Who posted pictures of the battery charger on the page that is for the batteries only . It makes it look like these batteries come with a charger.Now I have to returns these and get the battery that comes with a charger .
 please.advertising lithion battery to compatble new technology.cause nicad battery go out -LRB- completely death after year -RRB- . i 'm waiting for new lithion battery same insertion typical same model !!!!
 when is Dewalt going to make a battery that lasts as long as the competition
 I ordered the 18 volt XRP battery 's because they were cheaper then anywhere else , but these battery 's are worse then the 4yr old battery 's I have , these battery 's , both of them will not hold a charge for very long , they only charge for 5-7 min max , I have several 18v XRP battery 's that I charge in the same charger cradle , and last for quite some time , but not the new ones , they only last for about 15 min working max , all I can say is it must be the nicad battery 's inside the plastic housing that are junk , as the outside plastic of the battery looks new !!! not very happy to say the least , `` buyer beware ''
 I do n't know what it is with DeWalt but their batteries are very lackluster . I have a charger with tuneup mode and even so , come about a year later they do n't hold a charge . I do n't feel good about these things being so `` disposable '' so to speak so I changed cordless brands and ditched all my dewalt 18v cordless for mostly hitachi . Some things , after years of use I decided were just never going to be that great in a cordless version so I am back to using corded saws for many apps . This battery was very disappointing and for the cost of it , i could n't in good conscience recommend this battery to anyone .
 My experience with these 18 volt DeWalt 18 volt batteries has been poor to say the least.Spent close to $ 300.00 for the original drill and battery set and the original batteries stroked out in a very short period of time . just long enough for the battery warranty to have expired.The battery charger worked just fine and was not the fault of the charger . I have had a Skill battery power drill with the original batteries that lasted close to 6 years and cost a fraction of the Dewalt setup . The cost of replacement batteries is outrageous in my opinion . So here is the choice you get faced with either spend another $ 100 bucks on new batteries or chunk the drill and go to another brand.DeWalt is a big name brand but the quality of the product i bought was very poor.I am sure there are thousands of very satisfied customers out there at a heavy price tag but I am sure there are those of who feel they have gotten their shorts burned off .
 I bought a DeWalt kit 4 months ago from Lowe 's and the batteries are gone already . One died completely and Lowe 's would not replace it and I had to call DeWalt . The other battery does not last long either . I will be looking at Milwaukee for my next set of battery operated tools .
 I 've been using DeWalt tools at work and home for about 15 years . The 18volt tools have worked fantastic in the field as a cable repairman and at home as a do-it-yourselfer . All the original batteries had a pretty good shelf life with a decent charge time . When these arrived at my home after a few weeks , they did NOT come in the original packaging . They were simply wrapped up . I charged the batteries on the proper wall charger , then drained them several times using the DeWalt radio . Then I went to use them after a complete charge to work on a shed with my drill , saws , and impact driver . The first battery 's charge probably lasted about 40-45 % of the time that an original DeWalt battery would . The second battery ? Barely 20 % . It was extremely frustrating . To have both batteries be in such poor shape and not in original packaging , I would not even bother to have the company replace them . I ended up going to the local home improvement store and picking up a new pair in the original package for $ 100 . I waited a month for these to arrive , and it cost me $ 15 to return the package via UPS . Maybe some other folks would be patient enough to wait for a complaint response and some sort of warranty coverage , but I do n't have the luxury of waiting another month . Product returned .
 These batteries have a very short life . I have several that have not lasted even one year . I do n't even use them most weeks . They also are bad about going dead over night or in a couple of days when just sitting in their case .
 I totally agree with other negative reviews of the Dewalt 18 volt system . I have owned it since it first came out . I had a recall on two chargers after they melted and nearly burned down my house . Both batterys died in less than 3 months . Dewalt gave me 2 new batterys and chargers -LRB- very nice people -RRB- . But , the batteries do n't last , and both died in 12 months of light homeowner use . I 've got a Dewalt anniversary edition 12v silver drill . That battery has worked very well for 2 years plus and is OK . The 18 volt battery 2.4 amp hour rating is just average . You can buy a Sears 19.2 volt system for the price of 2 Dewalt batterys , get more juice and all new tools . My Dewalt 18v tools are going in the garbage . These batterys should cost no more than $ 30 and that 's too high . Just a plain rip off . The old razor and razor blade deal . The blades are the battery . Stay away from poor quality Dewalt 18 volt Tools , and this marketing scam !
 Dewalt has a great product line with the cordless 18v tools . The week spot of the entire line is the 18v battery . Replacement batteries dont last long enough for the price -LRB- I did however get a great deal buying 2 replacements here on amazon -RRB- . It normally costs more for a replacement battery than it did to buy the tool . When buying cordless anything , keep the cost of replacement battery packs in mind . Sooner or later you will have to replace them . It just comes way too soon with these dewalt battery packs . It would be great if Dewalt would allow you to trade in your old battery for a discounted new battery .
 Bought a pack of two and tried to charge . It will charge as a shallow charge only . I tried on 4 different charges . They all charge about the same . Now I have to pay to send them back foe warranty . blah
 these bateries are working fine , however the date on the batteries is 2008 this could make for a big problem with dewalt when you try to get them to honor there 3 year manufacture guarantee ?????
 dear sirs I find it incredible the price we have to pay forthese 18 volt xrp batterys we use these in our every day workas marine tradesmen , the useable life span is extremely shorteven when properly maintained even when being depleted by useand then properly recharged with the DeWalt charger.I have owned my dewalt drill for three years and have beenmost happy with its performance it is both powerful andrelyable unfortunately as a mechanic of some fifty yearsthe battery performance sucks !
 One STAR only because there is no Zero or negative Stars ratings available . Used to swear by DeWalt 18volt tools . Bought several back in 1997-98 and the batteries lasted until just a couple years ago . Replaced my batteries 2 years ago as the original ones had worn down to the point of holding little charge . Two years later , I find that the NEWER batteries are now holding little more charge than the original ones still do . In fact most of them hold NO charge . I doubt if the newer batteries have gone through more than 30 to 50 charge cycles.Given that the price of the batteries are so high and last such a short period of time , the only DeWalt products I will buy now are replacement batteries until the tools themselves wear out , if not sooner -- It just might be cheaper in the long run just to throw the DeWalt tools away and start over . That 's it for DeWalt . Apparently , their gimmick is to sell tools cheap so they can make their money on over-priced batteries -- kinda like H-P printers are cheap but their proprietory ink cartridges are expensive . Sorry DeWalt , the marriage is over . You BITE ! Next battery-powered tool purchase will be from a competitor -- just about ANY competitor .
 i bought a pair of these to add to my tally of 3 original batteries and the full charge only lasts HALF the time of the original set which came with my tools ! the pair of XRP i bought were made in MEXICO not sure if that has something to do with it ...
 I have enjoyed the various dewalt tools for the last 3 years , but when the time came to replace my old batteries I was shocked at the price . I think a company like dewalt should have more pride than to gouge their customers like this . Would n't it make more sense to satisfy the customers you already have than to drive them away with your blatant overcharging , then turn around and spend your profits on advertising to lure new customers?I will buy a new set of tools , including the batteries for slightly more than just the dewalt batteries alone . And I will avoid dewalt products in the future . This type of behavior is socially irresponsible in this day and age .
 This battery for standard performance is not worth it , they break if they drop and then your out $ 50 . Alot of the time you can get a new drill with battery and charger for almost the same cost of 2 batteries
 They throw these huge numbers and huge saving percentages out there like its a phenomenal deal but the fact of the matter is is that you can walk into any home depot and buy a set of these for $ 99.00 all day long so , where 's the savings really ?? What a load of crap !!
 I had planned to make a move to the lithiom ion 18 volt battery . The added cost and having to by a charger made me look up reviews on the new battery . The reviews changed my mind and I stayed with the old style batteries . The NiCad is heavy but thats all that I 've ever used .
 These batteries were listed as new but did not come in any packaging . They do not charge well and or they do not hold a charge very long . You can buy new battery 2 packs at Lowes for $ 99.00 when they go on sale -LRB- usually around Christmas -RRB- and know what you are getting . Do n't risk buying these on line .
 These batteries are not true Dewalt batteries , they look like the originals but they are poor imitations . I mistakenly purchased these thinking they were the real thing , only to find that was n't true . These batteries weigh less that real Dewalt batteries , meaning less power . Also they do not fit into Dewalt tools like real Dewalt batteries . They are not worth buying .
 I own a lot of 18V DeWalt batteries -LRB- NICd -RRB- and tools -LRB- about 7 drills , 3 or 4 reciprocating saws , rotary laser level , 3 cordless nail guns , etc. -RRB- . Most of them are dead . Some of them are less than 2 years . All of DeWalt 18V batteries discharge very quickly by themselves without using -LRB- less than a week after fully charged -RRB- . I understand none of rechargeable batteries last forever and there is a life span . But comparing to other brands , DeWalt batteries are the most expensive and last less . Last year I bought a 18v combo set -LRB- drill , circular saw & flash light w/2 batteries -RRB- of Porter Cable at Lowes . I think it was less than $ 100.00 . It has been a year . I do n't take this one to the job site because all of my cordless tools are DeWalt . It has been in the garage for more than a year . I have not recharged battery yet after fully charged on the date of purchase . I have been using it occasionally , but it is still very powerful almost same as the fully charged on the first day . It is very hard for me to change other brands of cordless because I already have too many 18v DeWalt . I agree with most of negative reviews . Before I place this review , I have thought a lot whether I am wrong or I expect too much . However , DeWalt batteries are too expensive and do n't last long comparing to other brands . I use these tools almost every day as a professional carpenter . Early this year I bought a combo set of Lithium 18V DeWalt , drill & impact . It is still working good same as new one . I wish to buy another DeWalt 18v lithium battery only , but too expensive . It is better to buy a full set with batteries.I wish there are some generic brands of these batteries or DeWalt makes its price lower .
 My original XRP batteries lasted 9 years . So , Dewalt product is fine . However , I am trying to warn you of a seller that is committing fraud . `` Rock Sales '' , claims to offer these batteries at good price because they buy bulk . They will also claim that this is why you will receive the batteries without packaging or any documentation from Dewalt . I know this because I complained about the condition of the supposed `` New '' batteries at delivery and got a nasty gram from `` Rock Sales '' with those excuses to justifying their fraud . Well , several months later the cheap casing Rock Sales uses began to come apart . So , I took them to a Dewalt service center for a warranty repair and was informed that they are not Dewalt batteries . The tech mentioned that they were likely rebuilt by seller for pennies on the dollar . I have no problem with a rebuilt or re-manufactured product , but that was not what I was sold . Amazon refused to solve this problem because I purchased them 6 months ago . `` Rock Sales '' is ignoring me and my credit card company has to investigate . So , I am without a functional drill for who knows how long . Avoid my situation , `` do n't buy anything from Rock Sales '' . They are crooks ...
 I have used a Makita 9.6 volt drill that was purchased in 1993 , which still has its original batteries , and still performs as well as they did when new . I also have a Dewalt 12 volt drill that still performs well with its original two batteries from 1994 , but the 18 volt drill/saw combo pack I purchased about five years ago , has already gone through five of the XR and XRP 18 volt batteries!Apparently some of these reviews are written by people with some type of bias , or affiliation with the manufacturer or reseller because everyone I have ever talked to in the real world is not happy with Dewalt 's 18 volt batteries ! Some have even switched to other brands due to their experience with the 18 volts . I feel stuck because switching would entail scrapping my existing -LRB- and expensive -RRB- Dewalt 18 volt tools.If you have n't already purchased a cordless drill , ask around about battery life before buying Dewalt 's 18 volt . If you already have an 18 volt Dewalt , then I guess you 're stuck with the same dilemma I have and might as well purchase the 2 pack !
 Never and I mean never buy the 18 volt Dewalt tools system.Also if your going to buy something like this buy it from Home Depot or a local store so you can take it back easly.Last year I bought the 5 piece 18 volt Dewalt tool set.After only 1 month one of the battery just stopped.I tried and tried to find where on the Amazon site I could either talk to someone about getting this thing shipped back or even maybe an easy link to get some answers on how to return this pack.After I got frustrated I just finally gave up , I dont have time to mess with a problem like this.I am building my house.So I took one of the 2 batterys apart and found the really thin -LRB- cheap -RRB- metal bands that connected the cells inside the pack were rusted through.Both batterys were rusted through at almost every connection.I was able to get some copper zip cord and solder it to the cells , but some of the cells where just to corroded.The batteries where either really , really old or this thing saw some water some where , or the cells where of poor quality.I would never buy the 18 volt battery again because of the poor design of the batteries , and they are very costly to replace.I then bough 2 new batterys on thew internet and after some really hard use one of the new batteries started to smoke and just quite.I opened it and found another corroded battery where the cells all attach.Stay away from this battery system!Brad
 I have many cordless tools . I find Makita batteries far better than Dewalt . The last Dewalt 18v , 2.4 a battery I bought lasted 3 months . The remaining battery holds a good charge for a short time . When it dies , I 'll through away the tool it came with and buy another Makita . Do n't buy Dewalt batteries . They are almost as bad as Craftsman . Dewalt batteries get zero stars from me . I also have Dewalt corded tools . They all work fine .
 This is worse than replacing ink-jet printer cartridges !!! -LRB- could be debated -RRB- My second pair of 18 volt XRP batteries quit working , and they are not quite two years old!They have not been abused and have been properly maintained and charged . I even use Dewalt 's reconditioning charger on them every so often.Dewalt ! ... these batteries should cost at least 60 % less considering their longevity!Now , do I spend another $ 120 on two batteries that have 18 months of productive use ... or Buy the Hitachi Pro 18v Lithium Cordless drill , w/2 1.5 ah batteries for only $ 159 ... hmmmmm
 If you expect to buy these new in the package , you will be disappointed . ToolKing offers cheap prices by reselling you returned merchandise -LRB- I suspect -RRB- from their retail stores . I received my batteries used , you can tell by the brass connection points being ruffed up , and not in their original packages . One of the batteries takes forever to charge and this may be why it was returned . I also ordered a charger -LRB- not in the orig Package -RRB- where they were nice enough to place a crappy ToolKing inventory sticker over the vent holes . You know , the kind that peels off flake by flake . They dont return emails or phone calls . I was ripped off , so beware !
 UPDATE :3 / 13/07I spoke with a DeWalt representative that contacted me after reading one of my letters to express his concern regarding my issues with DeWalt . He assured me that the representitive I originally was in touch with was not typical of DeWalt , hence his call to me . We spoke about the issues with the batteries among other things . It was possible I may have bought a bad battery ... it does happen with any company I suppose and he was kind and considerate enough to contact me and deal with the issue at hand.He also gave me his direct number if I should have a problem in the future which is what I 'd expect of a company that cares about their products.I do have to admit I was very impressed with the response and hope DeWalt can stay on top of the game like this rep was doing with me ... there 's too much compitition out there now a days not to.I want to say thank you for the time that was taken to explain and resolve the issues with me !!! Thanks DeWalt!andy clifford ... Clifford Renovations and RestorationsPS ... if I could upgrade the star rating I would but unfortubatly Amazon does n't give me that option as far as I can see . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ The recent 18V DW batteries I bought which are about a year old do n't seem to hold a charge like the originals I bought when I first bought my DeWalt tools.I do use the Tune-up mode button and even with that the two batteries I bought still seem to be loosing their charge after only a year . Coincidently thats how long the warantee is for . Customer support for DeWalt has to be the WORST I 've ever encountered in my life and I have thousands upon thousands of dollars worth of hand tools.I 'll be going with Bosch after my drills die , , , but better yet ... rather than keep sinking money into their batteries I think I 'll sell them on Ebay and start my Bosch collection next week . DeWalts going the very same route Crapsman tools went ... just watch !!
 Have used this product repeatedly with good results . However one year ago I purchased a pair of packs from Rock Sales that were advertised as New . They failed recently , however since they have a multi year warranty I took them to the Dewalt Service Center for warranty repair . Dewalt disassembled them and said they were reconditioned using non-Dewalt cells . They refused to honor the warranty , saying I had been scammed . Product is OK , but do n't use Rock Sales as a merchant . And beware of other doing the same thing .
 Tool King orders for Dewalt 's DC9096-2 18V batteries WILL NOT arrive as advertised on Amazon in original clam-shell package . Tool King claims these are bought in bulk from Dewalt , and if they were refurbished they would have an `` R '' stamped on the side or bottom - which they do not . Are they new or refurb ? I have no idea . What I do know is that they are not the Dewalt DC9096-2 item as described , but rather two -LRB- 2 -RRB- loose DC9096 batteries . Buyer Beware .
 I started using the cordless drills soon after they came out on the market . DEWALT was my choice , they are a great tool as long as you do n't have to buy batteries , the price of the batteries is outrageous.I now use an Hitachi . Battery life is much longer , does n't take as long to charge and for the cost of replacing 2 DEWALT batteries , buying a new Hitachi drill batteries and all is not much more . If what I 'm saying here does n't convince you I have 3 DEWALT drills I 'll sell you for $ 200 calvosconstruction@yahoo.com
 I really love all of the many cordless DeWALT tools that I own . I have never had ANY kind of failure with any one of them . Their batteries are another story . They have the shortest working lifespan of any cordless tool brand batteries that I own . I am writing this because I recently ordered more 12v batteries and today discovered that I am again down to one working -LRB- barely -RRB- 18V battery across five tools and need to order more of those also . It seems I always need to order some . DeWALT might as well just sell the tools for dirt and make the killing on batteries -LRB- like inkjet printer ink -RRB- . I just purchased a Ridgid drill with a lifetime warranty on the drill , charger , AND both LiIon batteries . DeWALT should offer the same type of warranty . It would no doubt bankrupt them .
 Rocks Sales sells cheap and damaged Dewalt batteries and do not respond when confronted about it . $ 200.00 down the drain !
 You can buy this two pack of Batteries in the factory sealed package for $ 99.00 at Lowes Everyday , not on Sale .
 I order 3 and I receive 3 diferent no one work with pls5 , the boxes have the same code number but item were diferent from each other , I have 3 pls5 for my crew so this was a bad invesment . they should say that work for all but pls5 .
 needs recharging frequently . not getting much work done with this ` new ' battery . You need a pair because one is kinda useless .
 I thought the shipping price to be excessive as I ordered 4 batteries to which they were placed in one container and shipped .
 I bought this replacement battery because the two that came with the original purchase had begun to not hold a charge . The originals lasted about four years . This replacement failed after two uses . Read other reviews about poor quality replacements , and my experience was the same .
 I received my brand new PLS360E on a Thursday for a ceiling job to begin on Friday . After my crew and I finished loading in to the job , we set about to work by first putting fresh batteries in our new laser . Imagine our disappointment when we turned the thing on and the device did nothing but light up it 's little green indicator . After calling PLS tech . support , I was told it must have a disconnected wire inside and would have to be returned for service . This on a Friday afternoon at a jobsite at least 30 miles to the nearest rental outlet where I might pay to rent a `` working '' laser . Needless to say , I sent the crew home and broke the news to the homeowner that we would not be starting their job until next week . Maybe PLS will have a working laser to me soon after we finish with the rental one .
 The description of this as a `` 2 Watt '' flashlight might make you think it is brighter than the many `` 1 watt '' LED flashlights available . It is not . In fact , most `` 1 Watt '' LED flashlights currently sold are slightly brighter than this one , so even if Inova cut their claim in half it would still be below average.LED flashlights are often labeled by the maximum power level the LED can handle , as per the manufacturer of the actual LED , so they are not all equal . But the LED in this Inova flashlight is a Luxeon PWT , which even Luxeon does not rate as a 2-watt LED.Here are a few other flashlights with similar prices and similar or better performance than the Bolt : River Rock 1 AAAvailable at Target , this handy little flashlight uses a single AA battery and is one of the brightest 1-watt flashlights available.Nuwai X1Available online , similar to the River Rock -LRB- same manufacturer and internal components -RRB- . Not related to Inova 's X1.CivictorNot so common -LRB- only some online shops have it -RRB- , and not as bright as the River Rock , but very high quality construction and compact size . 1 AA battery.Dorcy Super 1 WattAlso available at Target . It looks very nice , but requires a lithium battery .
 We had this lying around in the house , unopened and I thought I 'd give it a try . What got me in was the mini vacuum . I drive a car that gets messy pretty fast . At first it seemed to do the job but it got lazier and lazier at picking items up and it stops working and I have to reset it to get it working again . On a sturdy surface like a floor it 's much stronger , but the car itself has soft seats which makes it really hard to pick up . I do n't see why I 'd ever use it in the house with the real vacuum around . It 's also marketed as a car product , so they should have worked it 's strengths on that.The flashlight is n't a bad feature , and it sure comes in handy in the car though it 's not as strong as other cheap flashlights I have seen . Since it 's in my car and I have A/C I have had no real need for the fan . and I do n't think I 'd drag that with me and pull it out to fan myself in public . The massager has a strong vibration though again I did n't really feel much happening from it . Well I personally did n't find it useful , maybe someone else with different sensitivity might actually enjoy it . For the 10 $ displayed here , I 'd say it 's not worth the price .
 I find the adhesive on this paper not being strong enough . If you leave the top of this tape exposed to water , it will eventually find its way behind this flashing . I would n't rely on it for long term water barrier . I had weep screeds flashed with this and they leaked first rain . The performance of adhesive is greatly degraded if exposed to the sun . This flashing tape comes right of the surface as soon as the sun warms it up , so make sure you have it covered as soon as it 's installed.I find it work OK for covering the top of the parapet walls before the metal caps are installed .
 I have this same kit - paid 59.99 from Harbour Freight - pay the extra to get solid carbide edges - a good kit but the edge did n't seem to hold up for the 6 panels I wanted to make .
 the chisel set is decent BUT they sent this chisel as a shorter version than the rest of the set . do n't know who to even contact or talk to to get he correct size . i guess this is what happens when you buy a tool from a book company .
 In time this fixture 's finish -LRB- coating -RRB- from being exposed to sun , rain and etc. , will turn chalky . The Dorian Bronze finish will deteriorate to the point of exposing the base metal and they will then corrode . This fact has been pointed out to the manufacturer.Here is Minka 's response : Your Minka outdoor fixtures are warranted for a period of 1 year from the date of purchase . The finish on outdoor product is specifically excluded from warranty coverage due to harsh environmental conditions beyond our control.If I could give zero stars to this product I would . I would not recommend this to my worst enemy !
 I bought one of these and used it for the first time today to top off my car tires . Within minutes , this compressor began to smoke and gave out . It is marketed for vehicle tires but does not hold up . Do not buy .
 Despite occasional malfunctions of the power switch -LRB- I needed to repeatedly actuate it before it engaged again -RRB- I was quite satisfied with the mower for ca. 1 year . I used the mower ca . every two weeks in summer , mowing 0.35 acres of hilly terrain . After a year I noticed a crack in the plastic case , which in my opinion is under-dimensioned for a motor that powerful . I believe the product has not been thoroughly tested , otherwise it would have become obvious that such a thin casing would be torn apart during long-term use . The crack extended , and now the entire rear part of the mower which includes the rear wheels has fallen off ! I can only dispose of it in the garbage can , thanks to the customer support and lack of repair options -LRB- plastic welding , anyone ? -RRB- .
 My unit was dead `` out of the box '' . Called Worx Customer Service where they offered no assistance . Said they 'd help if I 'd purchased directly from them . Referred me to Amazon . Packing it up and sending it back for a replacement . I 'll update my review once the return process completes.Addendum -LRB- 4/18/2008 -RRB-
 Had this mower for less than 3 years and the start button malfunctioned . The start button wo n't even depress . Took it apart to evaluate it and realized how poorly and cheaply its made . My child 's playskool toys are made sturdier and technical than the parts of the mower . Called the company and they referred me to an authorized repair shop that wanted $ 120 to repair , and they stated that the start button has been a reoccuring issue with some of the models . For $ 120 to fix a start button , I rather buy a new mower . DO NOT RECOMMEND WORX MOWERS !
 The lawn mower mowed our mid sized lawn , went through grass that was a bit too long . Bought it in 2008 , took it out this spring , switch was touchy took a wiggle to get it to work , then would n't start at all .
 Just received this Worx WG712 today and found it to be extremely disappointing . First of all , it has the appearance and feel of a child 's toy -- the only thing missing are the pop-up balls as found on toy lawn mowers . This lawn mower is 95 % plastic , not sturdy at all ! The front right wheel wobbles because it was broken . The grass box was missing all four screws , as well as the two C-clips used to hold the line from the motor to the controls . This mower is very loud compared to battery operated or electric mowers . Whilst using the grass box , clippings are blown up over the top of the grass catcher box , and into my face . I found that this Worx WG712 does not bag well at all ; it does not have enough suction , and lots of clippings are left behind on the lawn . Overall , I was very disappointed in this lawn mower and would not recommend it .
 If only I had read more of the one star reviews before purchase ! I thought this would be the perfect mower for a retiring , petite lady with a very small yard ! It would have been if it worked ! Yes days after the 30 day warranty expired the machine stopped working . I took it to a reputable lawn mower repair shop and they found a spring was out of place they remedied that and I took it home to use . It started up but died after mowing just a little . I took it back to the repair shop and they informed me the switch was shot , so I had them replace it . The mower still would not start and on inspection it was found that the motor was burned out , the owner of the repair shop , said it was not worth fixing.After an extensive amount of time searching for an Amazon customer service number , I finally found a toll free contact number . My first call to CS , I was advised that they would accept the return but they needed the order # and email address . Since I was at work , I said I would call back later with that information . My second call to Amazon CS , I was advised , Amazon would not do anything because the 30 day warranty had expired . I was advised to call the manufacturer . After waiting for this CSR to give me the contact number to pursue with the manufacutere , I was disconnected . I called a third time and asked to speak with a supervisor and the CSR tried to dissuade me from talking with a supervisor , but he did put me on hold . After holding 5 minutes , I realized I had wasted enough time trying to attempt resolution so I hung up . At that point I decided to call my credit card carrier to lodge a dispute.Did I mention this was my first purchase from Amazon ? My daughter has purchased many items in the past and has been very satisfied . Considering the bad experience to date with the product and Amazon customer service , this will most likely be the last time I purchase from Amazon . From reading other posts from customers that had similar issues with this model , Amazon should consider removing the item from its inventory .
 The mower worked fine for a few months until today when the motor started smoking and now there is not enough power to cut the lawn . I would recommend a gas mower with a real engine .
 Worx 16 '' Electric Lawn Mower died within a year . Power was intermittent , depending on how the cord was positioned . Always held the extension cord -LRB- # 12 -RRB- to avoid any stress on the mowers pig-tail plug . I suppose I will open it up and check continuity , but it is probably the flimsy power cord connection under the handle that needs replacing . I wonder if or how this was ever UL approved ...
 did not come with any manual , there is a small piece which I do not know its purpose . Do not know hw to make it mulch . Having problem putting grass catcher together so I can fifure out how to attach.Have used it just by mowing and shaking since grass ca n't be ejected or mulched . What a mess . I need a manual with some good instructions . Until I receive , I can say nothing positive other than it cuts the grass .
 The WORX product is alright , although the mower arrived with minor damage -LRB- poor packaging -RRB- . The customer service is the worst I 've ever dealt with.After purchasing my WORX mower and grass trimmer through Amazon , I eventually needed to purchase more trimmer spools and opted for the `` free '' spools program -LRB- paying only shipping -RRB- offered directly from WORX customer service . In the same order , I also purchased a device from them that allows you to store the grass trimmer and it 's battery on the wall of your garage.After being charged as expected , two weeks past with no product . I contacted their customer service and was informed both products -LRB- spools and trimmer device -RRB- were on back-order but would ship in 24 to 48 hours . After another week passed , I called again and was transferred to a supervisor who sounded like he was reading from a script . He admitted the spools had not been on back-order but could not explain why I was lied to previously . He could not tell me when my order would ship saying that it was `` in process '' . He then offered a to wave the shipping cost as though that would fix not being able to use my $ 100 WORX grass trimmer without the spools they sell . This supervisor then assured me he would forward my `` case '' to upper management and I would receive a call within the 72 business hours . It 's been eight days and I 've not received a call . It 's been over 4 weeks since I placed the order.Though it 's for a small amount of money -LRB- less than $ 25 -RRB- , WORX customer service has essentially stolen my money and falsely advertised in selling me a product I ca n't obtain and they wo n't -LRB- or as this supervisor said to me , he `` ca n't '' -RRB- tell me why!I assume others are receiving the items they purchase from WORX . I have no idea why they ca n't solve my issue . I 'm sincerely amazed at the incompetence and inability of this company 's customer service and therefore highly recommend all consumers consider purchasing lawn products from one of WORX 's competitors instead -LRB- try Black and Decker -RRB- . If this is any example of how WORX is willing to do business then they deserve to go out of business . Buyer beware .
 The grassbox wo n't snap together and in the attempt I scratched my arms to bits . I just could n't believe that it really would n't go together and then I came back and saw other reviews to this effect . Boy am I sorry I bought this . I 've never written a review before -LRB- good or bad -RRB- but I am so shocked at the poor design I had to share my opinion .
 It is small and it is light and yes it is toy like , but that was n't the problem . The switch failed over and over . It is fundamentally a flawed design . Customer support is missing from the equation which makes the switch problem intolerable .
 This mower is a perfect size and works well , when it works . We are now on our third mower , and if it was n't for the great return policy that Amazon has , we would be fuming . The first mower stopped working after three uses . When I called the manufacturer -LRB- WORX -RRB- to find an authorized repair store they refused to give me the information because I had not purchased the product directly from them . Worse yet , they wasted my time by lying on the phone that the head of customer services would call me right back . Two days , two more phone calls , hours wasted , and still no call back from them . Fortunately , Amazon accepted the return with no questions asked , and replaced the mower . The second mower also worked about three times before a belt broke . It seemed easy to fix , so once again we contacted the manufacturer to order a replacement belt . Got the same nonsense about not being their customer , complained etc. - until they told us they would ship out a belt within a week . Okay guess what - no belt after 10 days and when we called back they said they never sent one and we were not their customer so do n't expect their help . Again , Amazon accepted the return without question and sent a third mower . Well mower # 3 did n't even get out of the box before the problems began . Pieces were missing that were crucial to assembling the handle to the body . Fortunately , we were able to cannibalize mower # 2 -LRB- and spent two hour disassembling and assembling -RRB- to repair # 3 before sending it back to Amazon . Cross our fingers , # 3 is still working -LRB- of course we have only used it 4 times so far -RRB- . What we have learned from this experience is never buy a WORX product again and always buy from Amazon because their return policy is the best .
 Nice looking , but difficult to assemble the grass collector bag . It 's not so powerful as lawn mower powered by gas engine , and not as good as lawn mower powered by gas engine . I will not buy any kind of electric lawn mower in future unless it will have a big improvement on the power .
 We have yet to finish cutting the lawn once without the power switch failing . The power interlock switch design is bad , very bad . We 've had to rebuild it every time we tried to use it . Support from Worx is beyond non-existent , they want you to contact your vendor -LRB- in our case Amazon -RRB- for warranty service . I would recommend another manufacuter as this one does n't support their product .
 Before I write anything else . . this is my first thought ... this thing should really be sold in Toys R US . Really ... Pros
 I bought this after reading some of the positive reviews . Assembling it was not too difficult , in spite of the poor instructions . However , I simply could not `` snap '' together the grass catcher . After trying for over 15 minutes , I gave up since I intended to use the cut grass for mulching anyway . I found the performance to be just so-so ; nothing to rave about . Well , I have now used it exactly three times , and it has decided to quit working ! I have cleaned everything including the blade area , and there is nothing else I can do to see what 's wrong because all moving parts are encased in this plastic `` box '' . I called Amazon customer service , and I was told to call the manufacturer . I 'll do that , but I anticipate big hassles to box and send it back even if they are willing to fix it.My advise is DO N'T BUY IT !
 I bought this product 6 weeks ago and after three uses the starter button broke . I called Worx customer service only to be told there IS NO REPAIR CENTER !! No repair options ! No replacement after thirty days ! I was told by Worx customer service to contact Amazon for replacement/repair options . Amazon says sorry nothing they can do . WHAT A RIP-OFF ! DO NOT buy this mower . If you have any problems with it after 30 days you are OUT OF LUCK . The warranty is useless .
 Bought it in April , broke in June . Like alot of other people reviewing this product , the start switch broke . Bad design ! Take it apart and you 'll see.Made in italy and as reliable as a fiat . I would hope with all the complaints a redesign has been completed by now . It does a great job on a flat , small yard . If you do n't fit that criteria , electric is n't for you . at least not yet . My saving grace ... I bought it at Costco ! They took it back . Thank you Costco .
 After four uses , the power cord shorted out where it enters the unit handle . It 's now a large , expensive brick .
 The on-off switch broke on the Worx mower in its second year of use . Worx ca n't or wo n't give an update on if or when a replacement switch will be available . Do n't buy it - if it breaks you ca n't get spare parts .
 hard to push , that roller on back is unnessary , had to mow backwards , why they make electrics mowers out of cheap plastic , I do n't know . brackets that go around front tires are cracked and wheels are wobbley and ready to fall off , impossible to assemble grass catcher box , -LRB- who tested that ? -RRB- , not real powerful , kept switching off ... best thing is the Italian design , could n't resist because it was so cute . Guess I 'll get a grass hog something not as cute but more reliable
 If they would just consider CUSTOMER SERVICE at the WORX web site and by phone , this might now have been such a bad deal . Grass catcher that , well was created on paper to go together in two steps , but someone in China forgot to put it in English so anyone in the USA could understand it.then there 's the problem of ... Oh you bought it from amazon and not from our WORX website ... you must then contact Amazon , we sorry , but can not help you . Lucky amazon has a good return policy . Dead battery righht off the bat , and it 's not a replaceable one.Now comes the really bad news ... WORX has released a new mower with a 17 amp motor WITH a replaceable battery -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- from them for the battery , but the mower itself sells for just over $ 300 ... figure that one out . The wheels are far better on the bigger mower , but it is a job to push , since it 's not self propelled . Weight is about 80 pounds.If you only have a 10x10 foot yard ... you caould make it without cursing ... otherwise go for the earthwise or another mower with CUSTOMER SERVICE .
 At first this was easy to assemble , that is until you get to the grass catching box , one of the worst pieces of design I 've ever seen in my life.It just wo n't snap together . No matter what I do it wont snap together , obviously no QC on the molding process.Why not screws ???? Any way do n't purchase this if you intend to use the grass box feature , that is unless you have epoxy and duct table to assemble the unit . True Italian design , pretty with a serious flaw .
 I purchased the Worx WG712 corded mower because I was tired of engine failures , tune-ups , hard-starts , etc. with gas mowers . The mower worked great while covered under the 2 year warranty . I was especially impressed that it cut my tiff grass closer/lower than other electrics on the market.Shortly after the warranty expired , however , I started having trouble with the power switch -LRB- I 've since learned that this is a common problem with this machine -RRB- and today the motor stopped after losing power and smoking . Of course there was no recourse through WORX who referred me to a local -LRB- 30 miles away -RRB- repair facility that quoted $ 150 to replace the switch and motor -LRB- I bought it for $ 199 three years ago -RRB- . So , if you need a small electric mower for only 2 years while it 's under warranty and do n't mind driving 60 miles round trip in case of repair , I highly recommend the WORX WG712 . However , if you need something that gives trouble-free performance for many years -LRB- I was hoping to get 5-10 -RRB- I would definitely not go with this mower .
 This machine is nice at the beginning because it is quiet and no fumes to deal with.However , the body is not well constructed . The back part of the mower is made of plasticand after two season of mowing with this machine it broke . If you pay this much for a mower I expected to last longer.I am very disappointed in this product .
 We bought this to do some areas that a rider rower ca n't access , and loved the idea of reducing our carbon footprint . But our staff handyman hates it , says it takes him 3 times as long to mow , and it 's not strong enough to do a good job .
 At first we thought it was a great lawn mower . -LRB- but instantly we knew we should have gone cordless , because of cord issues . -RRB- We 've used it 12 times maybe ? and the motor has burnt out ! REALLY ???! We 're * very * angry and dissappointed . That 's $ 250 of hard earned cash -LRB- we do n't have much of these days -RRB- gone ! One of the worst investments we 've ever made.Make sure you clean the bag -LRB- if used -RRB- and underneath after each use . -LRB- That 's still not a guarrantee it will prolong it 's life -RRB- It certainly did n't with the lemon we got . We 'll never invest in a Worx product again . Buyer beware , it will work great the first 6 or so times , after that be prepared to buy another .
 Originally I was impressed with this small , light weight mower . However , after 3 seasons it is on the way to the landfill and I am going back to a Briggs & Stratton gas engined mower .1 - Grass Catcher . The grass catcher ships in 2 halves which are snapped together by purchaser . The snap together fastner method is simply not strong enough to stand up to the obglitory banging against the side of the yard waste bin because the chute/exit is too small . Any moisture in the grass forces you to bang quite hard against the bin the two halves separate .2 - Safety Handle . In season two the handle assembly -LRB- metal handle , plastic body -RRB- came apart and required a `` work around '' . Frankly safety devices should not fail . Imagine the seat belts in your car failing after 3 years .3 - Motor Quit . At the end of season three the motor burned out.At this point I am returning to a gas powered unit . If this is the type of durability I can expect then I would have land-filled 5 electric mowers over the same period I gave my gas mower 2 tune ups . Not sure which has then greater environmental impact , throwing out 5 mowers or the air pollution of a gas mower .
 Worx 13-Amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712The only hero here is Amazon , which let me return this mower at their expense . I did get an exact replacement . Amazon , I love you.My review is 2 parts ; 1 -RRB- The working mower is perfect for my needs . It is light , and ideal for the little patch of grass I have . Everything works fine . The grass hopper is a little difficult to put together , but once done it is solid .2 -RRB- The bad mower . This mower has 3 moving parts ; the blade , the wheels that go round and round , and the mechanism that raise and lowers the mower . The raising/lowering did not work . The box this mower came in was not damaged in any way , so I can only guess that this was defective in the factory . The whole mechanism is enclosed , so it either works straight away or it does n't . This smacks of sloppy workmanship , and sloppy quality assurance within the Worx facility . Every single mower should be tested for its moving parts , especially for this sort of product.My bad review is directed at the Worx people , as I believe this came out of their factory broken , and somebody knew it .
 I bought the Worx hedge clipper and an extra battery in 2007 . At the beginning of the first winter I put the machine and batteries away . When I went to use it in the spring , both batteries were dead and would not accept a charge . I was forced to bring them to `` Batteries Plus '' to be `` rebuilt '' , and was told while there that the quality was not good to begin with . I am not an expert , just reporting what happened . The machine works great , but the batteries are a problem . Worx should address this .
 In this age of rapidly growing technology , why is it that batteries are the weak link . These batteries just do not last very long . I have tried all the techniques given about extending the life of the batteries but on this product it has not worked .
 The battery would not take a charge . Indeed , it appeared to me not to be a new battery . I am concerned though that my charger may be bad so rather than sending the battery back , I 'm getting a new charger . If it still does n't work after trying it on the new charger , I will send it back .
 We bought this at Lowes . I charged the battery for a few days before using . The first time I used it , the span of the battery was about 20 min . I recharged for a day -- and the battery died in 5/10 sec . I exchanged the battery for a new one and got the same results . Alas , I 'm returning the product all together .
 I have owed this Worx Trimmer for about four years and six batteries.The trimmer does a good job for me in a small residential yard.The batteries go into decline at about nine months.I have owned many battery tools , Makita , DeWalt , Skill , etc. . I have three sophisticated Powerx chargers and 50 nicads.The Worx batteries are the worst . The other brands do n't show this decline till after at least three years.The company is aware of this problem and chooses to ignore it , though they now offer a new lithium powered trimmer .
 Do n't bother buying this product . The battery dies after about a year of use . You might as well go buy a different edger/trimmer if you are going to spend money buying a battery every year . What a waste .
 I charged my battery twice and then I would n't charge anymore . Called WORX customer service and they told me batteries are not covered by warranty . I guess they know they stink too !
 I purchased this extra battery after getting the worx cordless blower . I needed an extra battery because the battery life is about 10 minutes . I got this one and it has been horrible . It lasts about 3 minutes with only the first minute really blowing with any force . Bad decision or I got a defective one . NOT HAPPY <
 I ca n't ever edge & trim a not-so-big yard with out the batter -LRB- ies -RRB- dieing yup , I have/Need 2 to get One job done . I even timed it to see how much battery life I get out of it . battery # 1 33 minutes Batt # 2 29 minutes . So I get a hour of use and always when going down home stretch battery 2 konk 's out it takes like 4-5 hrs to charge to get 30 minutes of use ?? Seriously . . Oh did I mention it was new ! 1st 6 mths of I donno > 12-15 uses I would get a whole hour now half of that . I 'm looking forward to my up & coming 10 minutes of use !!!
 Pretty unhappy with this product , they do n't seem to hold much of a charge at all . I have a very small yard and with two I ca n't even finish what I need to do . ~ 5min each is unacceptable . Going back to amazon as a return , I guess I 'll have to look into another product .
 I owned this trimmer for about one year , was very happy with the performance . Now the batteries wo n't even last five minutes on a full charge.I will buy another corded trimmer instead of wasting money on more batteries .
 Bought the cordless Worx trimmer 3-4 yrs ago . I use it maybe 5-6 times a year . Sometimes alot sometimes a little . 1st year worked great then each year after it held it 's charge less and less . Now we need to replace our 2 batteries @ a cost of almost $ 40 bucks each.I have an 18v Ryobi cordless drill that I 've had for 10 yrs still going strong and it 's been used alot more.Don ' t know why the batteties break down so fast.And after reading consumer reviews others have had even worse problems . Do n't think I 'll get the Worx vacuum .
 I purchased two batteries and found that I needed both to completely edge and trim my lawn . A charge only lasted 15 minutes or so and I recharged both after each use . At the beginning of the second year of use , neither battery provided the needed power to cut effectively . I decided to try draining a battery completely , but still no luck getting the necessary power to cut through thick grass . I 'm very disappointed because I love the trimmer , otherwise , but it 's useless without a strong battery .
 Bought a grass trimmer a couple years ago . Got good use out of it the first year but the battery was basically useless at the start of the next season . Bought a blower last year since it uses the same battery , and that battery also worked well for one season . I kept these on continuous charge indoors over the winter so I did n't let it drain and sit over the winter in the cold , so it was n't due to improper maintenance or abuse . So basically you 've either got to realize you 're going to spend $ 35 or or more every year to replace each crappy battery or buy something else.Personally , I 'm done with Worx . I had an issue with one of their products and their customer service was absolutely HORRIBLE -LRB- and I 'm fairly tolerant of these things , it 's just Worx was extraordinarily bad even by today 's standards -RRB- . I almost bought their mower last season but did n't due to their poor service with this other product . I bought the Black & Decker battery-powered mower instead -LRB- which I HIGHLY recommend by the way -RRB- and SO glad I did . It 's awesome and the battery worked perfectly when I started it up for the new season , and then I thought about what I might be dealing with had I bought the expensive Worx mower with its expensive battery . Really feel like I dodged a bullet , and I 'll never buy another Worx product again . There are superior products to each item Worx offers if you do your research , and as a bonus you 'll never have to deal with Worx customer service . It 's clear to me now that Worx is primarily a marketing company with slick ads that finds areas to exploit in terms of convenience/ease of use and then offers average-at-best products and cares nothing about their customers when their products fail or do n't work properly . Hey Worx , we reap what we sow and you 've already lost a lot of business from my sharing my experiences with my neighbors and will lose more in the future as I intend to spread the word on other sites to hopefully keep others from falling into your trap . You could 've had something great , but you really blew it . Way to go Worx .
 I have both the Worx trimmer and blower . The battery for each of them worked for about 20 minutes a charge the first month or so then they both only work less than 10 minutes after a charge . I complained to Worx and they sent me another battery but it does no better . I was told by Worx to recondition the battery by discharging completely and recharging 4 times . That only bought me an extra few minutes . Bottom line
 Received this item twice and they were both used . I ordered new items not refurbished or used . Customer service corrected the problem quickly but seemed to have no issue with the quality control of this item .
 Do n't buy the trimmer or the battery . The battery will die within the first year and will not recharge to capacity , making the trimmer pretty much worthless . I threw it away .
 I have had this worx for 3 years now and was hoping this new battery would work and last longer than the old ones i had originally purchased and so far I am not getting the results that I wanted from this new battery . I guess once this is done , I am going to get another weed wacker . Really sad that it did not work as I wanted it to .
 This was a big disappointment ; I ordered a new battery and received a used one , after I returned the used battery I got a second used battery . I returned this one as well for a full refund.Your customer service representative was very helpful and understood the issue and resolved it immediately . Your service is excellent and I will continue to do business with Amazon .
 The WORX product is alright , although the mower arrived with minor damage -LRB- poor packaging -RRB- . The customer service is the worst I 've ever dealt with.After purchasing my WORX mower and grass trimmer through Amazon , I eventually needed to purchase more trimmer spools and opted for the `` free '' spools program -LRB- paying only shipping -RRB- offered directly from WORX customer service . In the same order , I also purchased a device from them that allows you to store the grass trimmer and it 's battery on the wall of your garage.After being charged as expected , two weeks past with no product . I contacted their customer service and was informed both products -LRB- spools and trimmer device -RRB- were on back-order but would ship in 24 to 48 hours . After another week passed , I called again and was transferred to a supervisor who sounded like he was reading from a script . He admitted the spools had not been on back-order but could not explain why I was lied to previously . He could not tell me when my order would ship saying that it was `` in process '' . He then offered a to wave the shipping cost as though that would fix not being able to use my $ 100 WORX grass trimmer without the spools they sell . This supervisor then assured me he would forward my `` case '' to upper management and I would receive a call within the 72 business hours . It 's been eight days and I 've not received a call . It 's been over 4 weeks since I placed the order.Though it 's for a small amount of money -LRB- less than $ 25 -RRB- , WORX customer service has essentially stolen my money and falsely advertised in selling me a product I ca n't obtain and they wo n't -LRB- or as this supervisor said to me , he `` ca n't '' -RRB- tell me why!I assume others are receiving the items they purchase from WORX . I have no idea why they ca n't solve my issue . I 'm sincerely amazed at the incompetence and inability of this company 's customer service and therefore highly recommend all consumers consider purchasing lawn products from one of WORX 's competitors instead -LRB- try Black and Decker -RRB- . If this is any example of how WORX is willing to do business then they deserve to go out of business . Buyer beware .
 Everything worked great for the first season but the battery had too little power to cut at the beginning of this second season . Maybe I should n't have left it on the charger all winter ?? It 's too bad about the battery because I loved the trimmer . I 'm not going to spend money on another battery .
 I thought when I bought this item as an extra battery for the Workz trimmer that it would come with an extra charger as part of the package . There is really no use for the battery without the charger . The whole point of the extra battery is to be able to immediately change batteries when the one on the machine is all used up . But with only one charger , this is not possible .
 This tool relies upon a magnet attached to an axle that should , in theory , point towards a nail in a stud . The problem is that it jiggles back and forth as I move it along the wall , making it extremely difficult to tell if it 's actually reacting to a stud or just shaking as usual - the magnet is far too weak to solidly catch a piece of metal from any distance.Maybe in perfect conditions where I moved it extremely slowly across a completely smooth wall it could work . Even then I would have to painstakingly slide it across the wall dozens of times because it 's no more than an inch at its longest point . Imagine trying to locate a nail inside your wall by lining it up with a quarter.I tried it a few times and ended up burying it indefinitely in storage . Do n't throw away your money on this , invest a couple bucks more for an electronic stud finder .
 This really does n't work . It is n't worth the money and I am sending mine back . It could n't find even one stud in my new home .
 Be forewarned
 The magnet in this stud finder is so small and weak that even when I put it on top of a drywall nail that I can faintly see , it barely detects it .
 The only way this would work well is if you 're already good at finding studs . There a very little magnet that will attach when over a metal piece of the wall , such as a nail or screw . And it does n't always give you a solid hold . Basicly a fridge magnet would do the same thing .
 This stud finder was a waste of money . The magnet is toosmall to do a good job .
 You need to have a very smooth surface to use this . I wanted to give this a try based on the recommendations . Unfortunatley with the plaster walls I have , the performance was not even there . The texture of the plaster wall will make the magnetic stand up in the middle where there is absolutely no nails or studs for that matter . I will try it in the future on modern walls to see if it works as advertised . If you are working on plaster , use a real stud finder .
 this works if you can see the nail . JUNK JUNK . I could go on and on but there 's no point .
 The chisels I recieved were the worst looking tools I have seen in a while . The brass rings were rusting , and they did n't seem to line up right with the handle . The handles looked like they had been rushed through production , there were rough edges that needed sanding and the stamped name was smeared . The business end of the chisels looked awful , I only took out one chisel for inspection and that one had a small chip in the cutting edge . To top it all off , the packaging was for a set of plastic-handled chisels . It is obvious to me that whoever makes these chisels does n't care at all about their product , so back to Amazon this one goes -- thanks for wasting my time Footprint . I went out to Lowes and got myself a set of stanleys that are n't great but they are a whole lot better than these , and cheaper too .
 I have not used these chisels and am considering returning them . The 1/4 inch chisel has a cracked handle . The 3/4 inch chisel had nicks in the cutting edge . All the chisel will need some considerable work to establish a good edge . The handles and bolsters are not aligned well . I think I would have done better buying chisel from Harbor Freight .
 I am just starting in woodworking . I honestly hate this set of chisels for the disappointment they cause me . I bought this set thinking the wood handles would have a nice warm feel and would be nice to work with as I learn the craft . The ones that did not look like they were chewed on by a dog actually fit well . Only one of the 4 was sharp enough to cut into wood . Other users mentioned the ill fit of the brass ring and the corrosion and mine arrived in the same condition . Judging by the beat up look of the packaging it might have been the same set . I am returning them and getting a set of the Irwin blue chips which gives me 6 chisels and a wooden case for the same cost .
 Do your research before buying a Mico faucet.This seems to be common problem . Having difficulty getting it repaired.Beware .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 This battery worked for about 1.5 years and then stopped delivering power for very long , . It was NOT heavily used . Loses charge in storage conditions . For the money I recommend spending a bit more and getting into lithium ion . I bought a second drill because it included two of them for less than the batteries alone would have cost if purchased separately . Keep you eyes on sales that include lithium ion batteries with some other tool whether you need it or not . They are definitely the way to go .
 This pump is not a continous pump , you need to keep shooting the trigger to grease come out . Many other you can just hold the trigger , be advice , you can get tired really fast with this pump .
 The threaded connection where the barrel connects to the head of the grease gun is so loose that it falls apart , making a big greasy mess . The tool is useless .
 The Agri-Fab garden cart is easy to assemble . But , I could tell as soon as I opened the box that it was a shadow of my old one . The plywood is flimsy , thin , soft wood , and generally NOT the type that should be used in carts that will have to take shovels , pitch forks , varied loads of mulch , gravel and the like . I 'm very disappointed that Agri-Fab does not produce a top quality cart and make it in the USA . I 'd be willing to pay more for better quality . I would n't be surprised if the rubber wheels fail in the first 6 months .
 I have purchased a number of Agri-Fab pieces of equipment for my lawn work and this is the first one I have ever been disappointed in -- from day 1 . I assembled this yesterday and then realized -- I should have read the reviews before purchasing . I did n't do that because of the name on the product . Had I seen `` Made in China '' before ordering , I might not have ordered it , but a lot of items made in China are very good . This cart was designed by a team of accountants and two sight-challenged quality engineers whose only objective was CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP . Very cheaply made .
 This cart will work fine if your under four feet tall and do n't want to haul much . As usual came with missing bolts - why is this ? Way to small to ever get to it 's 300 pound rating . Do n't waste your money - it 's way smaller than the picture makes it look like .
 This item is MUCH smaller than the listed dimensions.They do not list the `` box '' measurements , and do not tell you that the measurements include the handle . This is TINY ... if you are considering this item , buy the bigger 14 cu . ft. cart ... and you should be happier .
 This gardenway knock off is of elow average quality and had apparently been fumigated or treated somehow inside the container or box , with a not very healthy odor that had to be aired out for 10 days before assembly.Wierd green color of the plywood not apparent in photos . Look further for a better product .
 I ordered the Agri-Fab Farm/Yard cart and it arrived with various bits of hardware falling out of the box . The box was intact and not damaged during shipping . The bag containing the various bolts , washers , nuts and pieces was ripped open by whoever packed it . I called Agri-Fab to explain the situation and give them a list of what was needed . After 15 minutes on hold I gave the CSR the model number and part numbers for the missing parts . The CSR told me he could not help me get the various parts without a date code and it would be better for me if I just went to a hardware store and bought them instead of waiting . Very poor response .
 This is horrible quality , poorly made , and ca n't handle much . It is great if you are living in a condo or townhouse and need to transport a few flowers from one side to the other . But it is n't for any type of serious yard work .
 The set is pretty handy , but do n't be fooled by the warranty . My 3/8 '' drive socket wrench broke under very light use , and when I tried to get a replacement , I was told that the handle was on backorder and that it would be a few months until a replacement would be available . No specific date , just sit and wait and something may eventually turn up . I offered to swap out the whole set , or drive to a store to make a swap , but since my set was a gift I was out of luck . My experience in this area has always been with Craftsman , where you can drive to a store and walk out with something to get you up and running no matter what ... even if they have to upgrade you . The GearWrench Warranty is not comparable at all .
 I have used this gearrachet set for several years and when the rachet broke , I have been unable to find a replacement rachet or who to contact to get a replacement . I 'll go back to Craftsman before I 'll pay money to these people again . Lifetime warrenty - HA !
 Please dont buy this product . We had it in our sink for 2 hours and in that time it already had a permanent stain from washing food down the drain . It also had a chip in it when we got it . You also ca n't use tomato products with it or put hot pans on it . I do n't know why they even make a product like this . Already had to return it and are going to purchase a stainless steal one instead . Terrible product !!!!
 Bulb maybe got damaged during shipping , but it crumbled to pieces in my hands when I tried to put it into a lamp . Good thing I bought two and was extremely careful with second one .
 Only go with 3M electrical tape if you are doing any electrical work . This product says itself it is only good to -10 degrees Celcius . They state it in Celcius because most people in America do n't use Celcius or understand Celcius . -10 in Celcius is +14 in Fahrenheit . So if you live where it gets 14 degrees you could have a problem .
 This is a beautiful bulb , but didnt last more than 2 months . That isnt very long for an expensive bulb .
 Got the lightbulb and it did not work . It would cost more than its worth to return . I already paid alot to have the bulb shipped to me in the first place . I was going to use it in a stained glass lamp that I have but when I plugged it in no light . It is not the lamp because I put a regular bulb in and it worked fine . Not happy with my purchase .
 I know I have to use a minimum number of words for this description , but all I really want to say is that it immediately burnt out when I turned it on the first time .
 I absolutely loved this bulb and had very high hopes for it . It looks beautiful when it works but mine quit working after only one week . I would not recommend it . Very disappointing ...
 I ordered four bulbs . One of them was n't working straight out of the package , and a second one burned out within one day . It 's only been a week , but the other two are still working . Still , I would n't recommend these .
 Probably , I was unlucky with it , but when I started to put it in Table Lamp , it destroyed to 2 parts , glass bulb and metal part .
 I ordered 4 of these bulbs . After receiving them I discovered that 2 of them did not work . The filaments in each of the bulbs looked fine ... they just did n't work . After returning them I received a refund for one bulb only . Just a hassle .
 Gosh , what a severe pain to cut a hole in the ceiling , take these things apart and try and shove them up through the hole -LRB- for remodel -RRB- . And the clips that would hold them in place are just not strong enough.I would not recommend .
 Great Idea , crummy execution.The brass parts at the end of the hose were cheaply made and could be bent very easily . The stakes to place the hose were so short that to place them securely meant pushing the stake to ground level , making it impossible to connect w/o getting on your hands and knees and fighting with the grass to attempt the connection . Any pulling on your hose yanked the stake out of the ground.Convience ? no , very poor quality parts , & a pain in the ... to use .
 The stake and knob are OK , the knob is still just a quarter turn from zero to full pressure , so its not as nice as using an actual faucet.The short hose that is included had VERY leaky connections to anything I tried to connect it to . Since the whole idea is to leave the faucet at the house side on all the time so that you do n't have to dig through the foliage , its very disappointing , the hose will be leaking constantly .
 The thread did not screw on and the quality of this item is so poor that I just threw it out.I went to my hardware store and got an outdoor faucet , plumbing fitting , and washer hose . Works great .
 The length of this hose extension is very handy . However , it leaks badly from both ends and I ca n't seem to solve the problem , although I have tried multiple times .
 I bought 5 of these fans for a new home . They were installed by a licensed electrician . The problem is that the candelabra bulbs keep blowing after only a few hours of use . I bought the fans based on good reviews on this site and I am regretting my purchase . I spoke to customer service and they sent me new bulbs which also blew and a new light kit . But I am wondering if it is a design flaw as the problem affects all the fans not just one or two.I woul like to heat if anyone else has had this experience . I had a good experience with Hunter before , but am disappointed now .
 As background I should note that I have had and used an Arrow T25 staple gun , which shoots slightly larger round-top staples , since 1970 . I have run thousands of staples through it -LRB- I buy the cartons of 5,000 -RRB- over the years . It has been reliable and trouble-free throughout this time.Recently I decided I would like to have a gun that shoots the smaller T18 staples , as the T25 profile is a bit large for things like telephone wire . So I ordered one of these T18 units.It has never worked properly . The staples simply do not feed ; they stick in the loading channel . The stapler makes a great noise but nothing comes out . Inevitably I have to grab the 42-year-old T25 to handle the job . The T18 is worthless.It seems like all the traditional fine names in American tools have succumbed to the same quality problem in recent years . Indeed , I 'm not at all confident that a modern T25 stapler would be any good . It saddens me that Arrow no longer makes a decent product.If you decide to buy one of these , be prepared to return it right away if it does not work properly .
 I purchased two of these . They worked great until the light bulb burned out . After replacing the bulb , none of the features worked anymore , even after doing the reset procedures in the troubleshooting section of the owners manual . The light only worked with the wall switch after that , just like an ordinary light fixture . I thought I might have just gotten a defective one until the other fixture did the exact same thing . Unless you want to replace the fixture every time a bulb burns out , I would stay away from this product .
 I thought titanium would be a good material because it 's supposed to be stronger than steel . I 've been working with drill bits and similar tools for 10 years now and with how easily these drill bits bend and snap I highly recomend you DO NOT buy this product .
 I did n't know junk could be made this poorly . I knew it would be a cheap set and expected low quality , but these are useless . There are only about 10 different bit sizes . Half the smaller bits are the same size . The bits definitely are n't good enough to drill steel . Some of them are too junky to even drill aluminum reliably . If you need cheap drill bits , look for another set . These are worthless .
 The tools were definitely made somewhere in Asia -LRB- I think you know where that is -RRB- . They were covered in some sort of strange sticky grease . The titanium was merely a gimmick to make you think they were good for drilling hardened metals . When I tried to do so all I succeeded in doing was making a completely blunt drill bit . The majority bits also were not even close to being straight so you would get an oblong hole if you were to succeed in drilling one . But I suppose you get what you pay for .
 These are absolute garbage . I ordered them in a hurry and did n't read the item description or reviews . Shame on me.These are high speed steel bits with a light layer of something gold in color . The first time I tried to drill steel , the gold color came off.The bits are very low quality . Some have inconsistent diameter on the length of the bit . Very poor quality - its hard to describe , but they metal in the bits has a rough texture like it was made in a very low quality process.With the half inch bit , I could n't even start a hole in mild steel .
 There are two picture images for the drill pump . One is as shown on this page . The other is not shown here . It is with a much bigger inlet/outlet to rim ratio . My order is for the bigger inlet/outlet to ratio with a higher price . The delivered item is the smaller inlet/outlet to rim ratio . I feel being cheated and did reply to your previous email survey with my comment . The supplier requested me to send it back . Who pays the fee ??? It is wasting of my time . I am totally disappointed with the purchase .
 They came and they were the wrong size . Be sure to order size larger than you 're used to . Or maybe even bigger than that . They 're very heavy clogs otherwise . I pay for shipping to send them back , there in New York , so it cost me about 10 bucks to ship them - what a rip off . No exchange program nothing . Not too pleased .
 too small although it was reported to be the same size as another brand shoe that did fit . returned it
 I love the `` Garden Shoe '' that I purchased a couple of years ago but they needed replacing due to the fact that they stretched a bit and the footbed has some holes from wear . I purchased the `` clog '' in the same size but they clearly fit differently than the `` shoe . '' They are wider and longer . I would not get the clog again . I 'm sorry that I did n't stick to what I know and like .
 They are just too wide even I did not go with a bigger size as people recommended . In addition , they are too heave to just walk . The fit is so bad that they are easily slipped off from your feet when you walk . I will not recommend unless if you have wide feet and the weight do not bother you . I gave 2 stars since the build quality is pretty good . But if they do n't fit , they ca n't be worn .
 After reading some reviews on this product , suggesting that you buy a larger size since they run small , I went ahead and ordered the Size 8 Sloggers Women 's premium clog . It turns out that the Size 8 -LRB- I 'm normally a 6 1/2 - 7 size -RRB- is too big for me . The clog is also very loose or wide in the toes and my feet swims around the shoe when I wear it . Unless you have wide feet , I recommend not to order this product .
 The shoe is well-constructed , but slips off of the foot too easily . Even though it was sized right for my foot the back of it did not grip my heel sufficiently to stay on my foot . I returned them and decided my old Lady Bugs were the brand to buy .
 These clogs look neat and they seem to be of sturdy build . However , they are so loose that my foot has trouble staying inside it when I 'm walking . And yes , I ordered the correct size . The length is almost a hair too small so there 's no way I could wear a size smaller . They definitely do not fit like a glove and if I had to walk any distance further than my garden , I would n't and could n't wear them . I am looking forward to being able to hose them down when I pick up mud , as I usually do when outside . That 's their function for me .
 The lamp is bright enough to use as a night light . It was pretty , but not as expected .
 all I can say is fast shipping the backing on this didnt work at all had to have people hold it up so I could nail it to the wall
 Put batteries in it . Pushed up on the switch and it fell the f@&$ off . I 'm out the goddam money .
 This tool is incredibly poorly made . It stripped six 14 gauge braided wires before the jaws stopped clamping and cut exactly one 14 gauge wire before something inside snapped and the cutter stopped working.Having said that , the design is wonderful -- particularly if you 're working jammed up under your dashboard like I was.I wish I could find one of these made by a reputable manufacturer . Good tools are worth the money .
 This tool broke after just a few wires stripped . The interior component are all low grade plastic , and far too flimsy for anything but the smallest wire gauges.Mine broke on 18 gauge stranded wire.Elegant design , poor execution .
 I bought this exact item at Autozone for $ 9.99 . It was in blister pack with the `` Dorman '' brand on it . I got hosed obviously.Truth is , this is another one of those Boatload-Outta-China products that are sold under upteen thousand different brand names . You 'll find 'em right here at Amazon being sold for just over a dollar under a different brand name .
 I have n't had one break but that is only because they do n't really work most of the time . The wire insulation often slips in the jaws preventing the wire from being stripped . Both have been sent to the circular file !
 Excellent idea with poor quality design . The idea is fantastic and when it worked it was the cats meow ! But about 30 strips of 12-18ga wire later the black plastic handle just snapped off right at the hinge joint . Awesome for quick work in tight places , but I would never buy this model again . Off to look for a quality built version ...
 Handle broke the first time I attempted using it -LRB- literally , the first time -RRB- . You get what you pay for , would have been nice to strip just one wire , at least .
 I found this exact same wire stripper at the 99 cents only store for 99cents . After a few trys at stripping wire it broke . I honestly do not recommend this item . It is so cheaply made that it does n't even deserve the name `` tool '' . Why would you pay $ 5.00 for an exact item that you can get at the 99cents store ... just sayin ' .
 This tool seemed like it had been warn out and it has no strength for wires . It was n't expensive because it does n't do its job the way it should . All I have to say is do n't buy this ! Go to a hardware store and buy a new one !
 Wow , those of you who have it just slip off the insulation are lucky . The one I got in the mail is not a stripper , it 's a cutter . It completely clipped -LRB- CLEAN -RRB- every wire I tried to strip ... and yes , I was using the stripping jaw , not the cutting blade.Crap . I guess you do get what you pay for .
 Luckily I found these on sale at Harbor Freight for $ 1.00 , so I was not out much for my trouble.I used it approximately 5 times before the teeth would no longer grip and the blades stopped holding . I tried using the adjustment knob , but it did not help . I used it only on small gauge wires -LRB- car stereo wiring harnesses -RRB- , and it did not last long at all.Save your money and get a better version .
 If you 're looking for a tool for occasional use on small wires for use on a breadboard or something similar , this tool can help keep your equipment cost down . It is easier and more reliable than side cutters or a blade when stripping solid wire for breadboard use . It avoids the small nicks to the wire that frequently occur when using those tools and so prevents the wire breaking easily when bent at that point , as is typical with breadboard jumpers.This particular stripper comes as a bonus item with many other products.The wire stripper portion works fairly well , but sometimes it takes a little fiddling to get it to work just right . An automatic stripper in the $ 10-15 range is far more effective and will last longer.The plastic around the metal wire cutter jaw breaks after a few uses on larger wires -LRB- say , 14 gauge solid copper -RRB- . After this happens the stripper portion continues to function . If you restrict it to cutting small wires it should be ok if you are careful with it .
 I bought two of these and the first one broke after a few weeks . It would last longer if it was made all out of metal . It does strip wires though and would be good for occasional use around the home .
 I bought one of these things just out of interest , as the design looks good , however I can not believe how rubbish they are . They are unable to strip anything , they barely able a dent in the insulation . I can do a better job with my teeth.I have never before come across a product so pathetically unable to perform the task for which it was made , yet be so specifically designed as to have no other use . They 're too light to even use as a hammer . Most Chinese junk works at least once -LRB- and usually only once -RRB- but these are something else.Do a search on here , these things are listed several times , ranging from $ 1.19 to and unbelievable $ 16.58 ! I paid just over a dollar , and at that price the manufacturer , importer , and retailer are all making money . Let the ` made in China ' label be your guide.I ended up sneaking them into a mates tool box , just to get them out of mine . I ca n't believe I have to give them one star ...
 I ordered this as a gift for a friend and when it arrived I thought I 'd try it out . First of all it 's not really what I expected , in the picture it looks like it has a flexible arm , it does n't . It 's a giant spring wrapped in a thick wax , so it 's very flimsy and hard to actually pick up an object . The claw is very small as well . I would n't really recommend this product to anyone looking for a decent pick up tool , I would go for one that is bigger and easier to handle .
 I tried to draw out a piece of silver wire and found this draw plate has NO as in ZERO gradation . There is a row of large holes all the same , a row of medium holes all the same and 2 rows of small holes again all the same . This product was manufactured in India and of extremely inferior quality hence the CHEAP price . Do not bother buying this product as it is a waste of time , money and effort .
 This draw plate was manufactured with poor quality . Mine came to me with a large crack in the metal along it 's primary surface .
 Totally useless . Holes are not graduated at all , not lined up , it looks and feels very poorly made . Most of my wire wo n't fit through any of the holes , though it is a reasonable expectation , I think , for typical jewelry gauges to fit through a seemingly typical draw plate . There are a bunch of holes the same size with a large hole in the middle . Not worth the shipping it must cost them to send it . Disappointed .
 I 've had this valve on my log splitter for two seasons . At first it worked fine , but by the end of season one , every time the ram was returned , a little shot of hydro fluid would be spit out of the back of the valve when the auto kick-out functioned . Being just a couple drops , I figured so what . By the end of season two , fluid was leaking out of the back of the valve regardless of whether the machine was running or not.Went to the Prince web site . In the FAQ section was an FAQ addressing this very problem . It indicated the leakage could be caused by a pressure spike in the hydro return line . OK , so what do you do about it ? The web site gives no indication . Searched for information on the web , no luck . Tried to disassemble the valve to see if there was a bad seal I could replace , but there are no instructions available . I ended up damaging the valve.The Prince web site says , do n't contact us if your a lowly end user -LRB- only distributors can contact them directly -RRB- . A link is given to the various distributors , which all happen to have the same name . Go to their site and you discover they deal with major equipment , not log splitters.This valve is cheaply made , poorly designed , and has no support . Buy at your own risk ! I 'm replacing mine with a Cross valve . Yes it costs more , but you get what you pay for.Hey Prince , consider replacing the `` Made in America '' sticker with one that says `` Made in China '' !
 I bought this valve as a replacement for the original Prince log splitter valve that started leaking . This Prince hydraulic log splitter valve started leaking after about 2 years of use and I have wrapped a rag around the drippy end of the valve . I have split about 50 cords . I am not abusive or rough on this valve . Valve spurts a blob of hydraulic fluid when the ram completely retracts on the return stroke .
 The laser line is just not precise enough for most work . Squaring the tape measure to the board you 're working on is not accurate enough to produce a nice square laser line . I was off by an eight of an inch within a foot of the tape measure . I could use another tape measure to square the laser line but then , what 's the point . Just make a mark with the second tape measure or just buy a laser line square . If you just want a laser line projector , you could use this unit for that purpose and that 's why I gave it two stars instead of one .
 take your time and look to see what other products are out there that does the same thing , or more . i not happy with this at all .
 Get the Klein electronic screwdrivers . These are hard to use with one hand . They have no grip at the front , and the rear does n't sit in your hand very well .
 The system for sale is NOT a Dayton system . It 's a New Air . While I 've heard decent things about them , do no buy this thinking it 's a Dayton 3ug73 . New Air purposefully gave their heater the same model number just so they can try and pawn it off as a Dayton for a lower price.A Dayton will have a large red sticker on the front saying Dayton . As you can see , it says New Air . Just beware of what you are really buying with this product . It will not be warrantied by Grainger/Dayton .
 the seal was represented as a CR Lawrence product when i got it it was a cheap hardware store replacement made in china although it worked for my customer i was disappointed with the false representation i would not have purchased if i had known
 I agree with the previous reviewers . The picture clearly shows two T 's of equal width -LRB- 4mm -RRB- . What arrived was a CRL product with a 4mm upper T and a 5mm lower T. Returning such an inexpensive product was n't worth my time , so I shaved off the extra width of the lower T with a razor blade and it fit fine .
 Picture shown has both `` T '' ribs 5/32 '' wide . Product delivered has second `` T '' rib 6/32 '' wide
 I bought this floor for my kitchen , $ 5,000.00 later and 3 months later I have 38 holes in my floor . Take a piece and snap it in two - you will see the top is a thin layer of paper ! I had an attorney contact Congoleum whose response is `` we are not responsible for damage from external sources . '' Tell me someone - what other damage would there be . I mean are we supposed to install the floor and not walk on it . I literally watched as my son 's matchbox car fell off the kitchen table onto the floor and made a hole in it . Do n't buy it !
 I have purchased some products that were real garbage in my day , but this one is the worst . The locking mechanism did not work , and it could not be inserted into the plastic mailbox hole that it was supposed to go through . The entire thing was made out of the cheapest plastic . They probably ran off thousands of these things for about five cents each . After two hours of trying to insert the locking mechanism into the plastic using a sledgehammer , I tried to screw the latch onto the key cylinder . The key cylinder was too short to fit all the way through the housing , so the latch that would go up and down when you turned the key could not be attached . And in fact , once the mechanism was assembled as good as it could be , the key cylinder fell out since the holding screw could not be tightened . Tighten too much and the key could not be turned ; tighten too little and the lock fell out . Save yourself real misery ; do n't buy this product . My rating of this product is
 This is not what I was led to believe by the description given . I thought I could use it as a locking secure mailbox for everyday use and also when out of town for several days . However my 12 year old grandson pointed out he could reach the mail from either side of the mailbox with an `` extention grabber '' and thus retrive or take all the mail or boxes out . I wanted a mailbox which would prevent access by anyone other then my wife and me . The unit is constructed well but I would suggest it is just a regular mailbox for everyday use and a weather resistant lockable storage box with minimual security for vacations , etc. . I returned the unit and will look elsewhere .
 If you 're looking for mail security forget this and look elsewhere . I was flubbed by reviews . when this box is locked I retrieve my mail by reaching in and picking it up and I 'm only 5-7 . it 's cute but definatly NOT SECURE ... WHAT A SCAM AND WASTE OF $ $ $ !
 Both top doors will not shut all the way and stay shut . If you snap the top floor into place it pushes the rear door out and can not be closed . The lock hole is too small for the lock .
 This is my second mailbox like this . The first one was missing a pivotal screw for the locking mechanism . I purchased a screw and all was well until someone missed the curve and took the mailbox out.The locking mechanism will not work in the new mailbox . Once installed , the key will not turn the lock , to the point of breaking a key off in the mechanism.Don ' t know that I will try a third time.Everything else about this item is great but the locking mechanism is an important reason I bought the item .
 This product sounds good but is disappointing - something that has been very rare in my experience with Amazon purchases . Instructions are hard to follow and it is difficult to assemble . Had to use a soldering iron to literally melt the plastic to be able to use one of the prefab bolt holes . Another location was so poorly designed that the bolt hardly fit at all and I had to get a better length from a local hardware store . Looks better than is actually the case . Finally ended up with another mailbox . Do not recommend this and would never purchase this one again .
 I used these for the first time today thinking they would save time , and be a neater solution to the wall anchors . However , it turned out to be four times the work , and a lot of frustration . I was hanging curtains in the living room . I ran out of my normal wall anchors and had a fresh pack of the 50 lb wall dogs . I used two in one holder -LRB- a total of 100lb support -RRB- , then hung my curtain . The side with the Wall Dogs was sagging . It was nearly all the way out ! The side without -LRB- only 40lb rating per anchor -RRB- the wall dogs was just fine ! I had to remove them , but that had weakened the drywall , so I had to go to the store to buy even bigger anchors to put in the two gaping holes the Wall Dogs had created . I will NEVER buy these again . You 've been warned .
 I can see no reason to even list this , without a picture or even a description of it . You could steal it off the cruz tool website at least.How many pieces are there ? What 's it made of , how is it finished ? What drive sizes are included ? What socket sizes are included , if any ? 6 point or 12 point sockets if any ?
 I own two of these , a type 3 from 1992 and a type 7 , the `` whisper '' model , purchased in 2003 . The later model adds variable speed , revised tool body -LRB- with flat sides so you can clamp it for stationary work -RRB- and is slightly quieter . As noted by other reviewers , you would be a masochist to use either sander without ear protection and a respirator . Both versions of the 362 have great balance and power ; both need the graphite platen upgrade . No complaints on the durability of the type 3 - I 've lent it out to non-woodworking types and have watched it rocket off the toolbench more than once when I reset the breaker with the tool still switched on :O . It 's a little ugly and missing a few pieces but still works great . Not so for the nicer designed type 7 . I 've seen two of these fail on jobsites -LRB- loss of power -RRB- and have had 3 failures myself . One shot blue sparks out of the housing on day 3 -LRB- warranty replacement -RRB- The second ran for three years of intermittent use , then the main armature bearings failed . Three months to the day after that repair , the armature seized up again . P/C will cover the repair , but at this point I have no faith in the tool . Too bad the new model 's durability does n't measure up - in other ways it 's an improvement on a good tool .
 Knife was not sharpened properly , 2 blades were over ground and not honed properly . Not the quality Case is known for . No problems with Amazon whatsoever .
 I just replaced one of these . When I first looked at the faucet , I thought there was some debris around the joint causing the faucet to stick . Actually pieces of the the thin chrome plating had chipped away . The metal underneath was heavily corroded , stained black , and expanding -LRB- explaining the sticking joint -RRB- . It had already begun to leak water , and I decided it was irreparable.I ca n't say it 's a cheaply made faucet ; it is solid and heavy . Do n't expect it to last very long , however . The chrome plating is either too thin or too poorly bonded to protect the faucet.The design itself is also silly . Why should a single handle , all-in-one faucet require 3 holes and a massive base ? I would highly recommend buying one of the sets that connects each part -LRB- the faucet head , the control -LRB- s -RRB- , a side spray , and sometimes a soap dispenser -RRB- through a single hole . That way it 's easier to install -LRB- no plumber 's putty necessary , disgusting stuff -RRB- , clean , and repair . With the control handle separate from the faucet arm there is also less pressure on that joint ; the arm is easier to move and less likely to bind later.I looked at American Standard 's warranty before replacing the faucet . It states
 Light weight , warps blade when screw is tightened , used -LRB- tried to use -RRB- for 2 hours , threw in trash . ONLY BUY THE REAL THING .
 Works well for very short period of time . Battery runs low too fast . Not as powerful as expected.Wouldn ' t recommend for a remodeler !
 This blade just does n't feel comfortable in the hand , and the mechanics are such that you have to apply pressure to the thumbstud at an odd angle to get the blade to open . Even then , the mechanism sticks more than you 'd expect on a fresh out of the box knife.I switched to a Gerber Instant , and it was a much better designed product , which opened when force was applied at a natural angle along the line of my thumb .
 I had 4 of these nightlights in my house , all the same model . My model was 71352 but is exactly the same as shown here on Amazon . Two came with UL stickers and two did not . They are 120V / 60Hz and 0.3 W . This morning before I left for work I smelled something `` HOT '' in the house , like something was melted . We looked all over and did n't notice anything unusual . We went to work , and when I came home I noticed one of the nightlights was not working . From a distance , the lens where the light would normally shine through looked black . Upon closer inspection I discovered the nightlight had ruptured , had black stuff on it and smelled burned or hot . I unplugged it and the electrical outlet was also a little blackened . This nightlight did not have the UL sticker on it . I 'm very upset because this could have started a fire and burned my house down ! I unplugged the rest and will never use them again .
 I smelled something like electrical fire , and I looked around and this Amertec 120v 60hz Model # 71352 directional light had blew the top off and melted my electrical outlet and make a black mark on my wall ... I know have to call in an electrican to repair the outlet and wires ...
 Exact same result as the other review written . Placed this night lite in our bathroom . Came home from work and the AmertTac 71352 had literally exploded . I discovered the lense on the floor . It had blown off the night lite unit which remained plugged into the outlet , and there was black residue covering my bathroom vanity top . The unit was black and clearly burned while the smell of the melted nightlite remained in the bathroom.We are very disturbed that this occurred . This night lite by AmerTac is clearly a fire hazard . It is apparent that this is a trend with this item and not just a bad unit . The thought of this lite starting a fire in my baby 's bedroom still haunts me .
 This was also # 71352 . It smelled bad and the LED was dim so I took it apart . Resistor R1 was badly burned . I was going to replace it BUT not after I saw the problems others had . If you have this # just un-plug it and throw it away ... save your house .
 I purchased four AmerTac 71352 night lights that appear to be identical with current model . One quit real soon . After about a year , another produce so little light it was tough to see even at night . Some have reported these devices smoke / burn ; Maury at AmerTac says 71352 is not on recall list for fires or like .
 I smelled something like electrical fire , and ran into my 3 months old room & the power had shut off I got a flash light and saw that the Amertac 120v 60hz Model # 71352 directional light had blew the top off and melted my electrical outlet and make a black mark on my wall .
 We 've bought these before and they always turned off during the day . These do not . Would not buy again . Boo !
 This tool is supposedly rated to 300ft-lbs but it feels more like 150 even with a little dwell . Pretty disappointed considering dewalts reputation for quality .
 I researched and read reviews throughly and bought the DeWalt hoping this is all I need for rest of my life.Wrong . It could not break 3 bolts out of 5 bolts on my Audi TT which had been tightened by $ 30 12V wired Impact Wrench . I also needed to add an extender because it was not long enough to fit the socket . After running for 10 sec with DeWalt for each bolt , I switched back to 12V wrench and got it loosened . When tightening it , I used torque speced adapter which will allow set torque strength to tighten the bolts at 100lb . After the socket adapter reachs the limit , it is supposed to turn free so the bolts wo n't tighten too much . DeWalt kept on working and did not reach the torque limit set by the adapter . So , back to 12V wired impact wrench ... it tightens to the spec . I do n't understand ... $ 300 wrench is not powerfull enough that I kept switching back to my cheap $ 30 wrench . I am having second thoughts here ... anyone have similar experience ? I know Bosch is supposedly the best but it 's $ 500 !!!
 Update -LRB- which should have been done years ago ... -RRB- . I returned the original with the malfunctioning battery charger to Amazon , and they sent me a new one . The new one works great , I absolutely love it ! I use it for changing tires at autocrosses , and I can easily go a weekend of changing tires without recharging one of the batteries ! No need to break the lug nuts loose or anything . It 's awesome . I change tires at the very least in the morning and afternoon of each two day event . I 'd say each battery is good for removing and retightening at least 32 5 lug wheels , if not more.The only drawback is that due to it 's size , it 's limited in one it can do . I can fit it in the wheel well of only one of my cars to spin off the strut to knuckle nuts , but my other two cars it does n't fit . That 's ok for me though , as I bought it only to change tires with.Old Review
 Fresh battery . Failed to remove 3 out of 4 lugs on a 1998 Corolla . Failed to remove 4 of 4 lugs on a small 2002 BMW . Failed to remove any lugs on a 1996 buick . I had high hopes .
 I bought 2 sets , both taps broke while trying to tap aluminum ! Terrible quality , never again .
 These ear plugs block out a very small amount of noise , like the hum of your computer fan or refrigerator . Everything else is still audible . I tried to wear these on the BART -LRB- subway of the Bay Area -RRB- and it did n't do anything for the noise . I tried to wear them at work and they just emphasized people 's talking since it blocks out all the light humming noises in the room.Additionally the plastic is not made to last . After a year or so -LRB- even on the set of plugs I did n't use -RRB- they started to get this weird stiffness to them , making them even less likely to block out noise because they do n't conform to your ear canal . Maybe it 's the shape of my ears , but I 'm going to have to agree with reviewer amyd - are the positive reviews from people who are hard of hearing ? If you like this style of ear plug I recommend the Howard Leight SmartFit . Similar design , re-attachable cord , reusable , actually blocks out noise .
 Maybe my ear is too big ? but these dont snuggly fit in my ear and have too much of a gap . Therefore , it does not block any sound . I have inserted it into my ear as instructed and tried to change the position with no luck on closing out the sound . I think i will go ahead and buy foam tip instead : -LRB-
 Not for the gun range . I had to add standard range ear protection over these ear plugs . The only benefit to these plugs are the ease of placement and removal .
 Works as well as any cheap foam plug . However , it comes with a warning not to remove too quickly to avoid hurting ear drum . Who needs that ?
 I purchased this item because it seemed to have decent reviews and it was supposedly the one with the best noise reduction . Honestly , I have in-ear headphones that do a better job of isolating outside noise . These will muffle noise a little bit if you find the sweet spot , but that 's about it . I 'll be searching for another option .
 These ear plugs did n't work for me , instead of reducing noises they...-made my ears hot and itchy-slipped out during the middle of the night-intensified certain sounds like my dog 's barkingBut they did work for my boyfriend ... he does n't have any issues with the plugs!So maybe they just are n't right for me !
 I do not like foam ear plugs but have to use ear plugs for sleeping . These were similar to ear plugs I had used and really liked , but these are terribly uncomfortable . I could n't make it through the first night . The edges of the baffles on each ear plug are rough on the ear canal.It was difficult to get a good fit that would shut out the noise .
 Bought these because my over the ear protection was not working when I fired my 22 rifle . But when people next to me fired their pistols or higher caliber rifles these were not effective at all . I quickly put my over the ear protection back on .
 These ear plugs are horrible and I wish I would have listened to the bad reviews , but there were a lot of good reviews -LRB- which I have no idea what these people are using them for , maybe they are already hard of hearing so that 's why they worked -RRB- . I sleep with foam ear plugs every night and these did not work half as well as those . I only used them for a few minutes and I still heard the traffic , and the neighbors passing by . I surely would n't use them or think they could protect my ears while shooting ammunition . I re-adjusted them several times pushing them in as far as they would go which I thought was dangerous because at least with the foam ear plugs they do stop at a certain point . This product is not worth the money , or your wasted time .
 The good reviews outnumbered the bad so I went ahead and purchased . Sadly , that was a mistake . These arrived today , and as another reviewer said there are three sets in the package and the `` case '' is a single small black cloth bag . OK . I could live with that . What I ca n't live with is the poor job they do ! Almost like having nothing , I swear . Seems odd they 're rated to 26 dB . I 'd certainly not want to trust them to protect my hearing -LRB- not just for comfort -RRB- on a firing range , as the description suggests . Yes , I 'm sensitive to noise , which is why I use ear plugs . These did n't even damp the light blower noise from a small personal fan , much less the other environmental sounds in my workspace . I was looking forward to not having to mash and insert the foam plugs but I 'll definitely be going back to those ... they WORK !
 This product is pictured with one set of ear plugs and a round plastic case . At the end of the description it says that it is a three pack . So I figure three sets of ear plugs and three cases . Nope , three sets of ear plugs with no plastic cases at all , just one cheap little cloth bag that is n't good for storing ear plugs at all . If this is what was pictured I never would have ordered these . Now to use them I need a plastic case , since a cloth bag will not keep the ear plugs clean , it is hard to clean out like a plastic container .
 I put these in my ears and adjusted them many times . I walked into the indoor gun range and it felt like I wore nothing . They did not block any sound . I jammed them in as far as possible and nothing . I had a lady friend try them and they did n't work for her . It seems like they need to be a perfect fit , like a shoe . I 'm sure these work for some , but not for me . If you buy them , just make sure you know they will fit .
 OK - just received the quote from dewalt factory service to calibrate my dw-096 ... $ 471 . It was just out of calibration - it was not smashed to pieces . Ca n't recommend this unit to anyone . Need to find a replacement.Not what I expected from dewalt .
 This product does not work in direct sun light , the film start pealing off as soon as the sun hits the window , Save your money , its not worth the price
 The film did not work for my app .1 -RRB- It was too dark2 -RRB- Would not stick to skylight3 -RRB- It keep falling off4 -RRB- Ended up in garbage
 This is a great product but there is something to mention about it . It is not electronic at all . It 's a mechanical product .
 This corbel only looks good on the pics . When I received it , it looks totally different .
 I have to agree with jeffery no instructions no way to attach to router yet they say `` fits ANY router model ''
 Dries soft , gummy , chewy - not at all like any laquer I 've used !! I was expecting acrylic laquer , this stuff is chalky , reminds meof interior house paint . Bought 5 cans , used one , now I 'm stuckwith 4 cans of useless aerosol paint . Live and learn .
 I bought this tap because it came with the proper drill bit . The bit worked fine , but the tap broke halfway through the first hole . Now I have half a tap stuck in the back of my AK .
 The control has a small adjustment screw on the side that you are supposed to tweak when you install . The screw allows you to set the lowest speed -LRB- which should not be so slow that the motor stalls -RRB- . You can set a slow speed easily enough , but two problems crop up after installation :1 . The taper is n't smooth , meaning that -LRB- in may case , with a fireplace fan -RRB- there really is n't a `` medium '' speed . In other words , as you turn the control towards `` low '' the speed of the fan stays pretty much the same until you reach a certain point at which the speed drops to the previously mentioned lowest setting . Same deal in reverse , i.e. , as you turn the dial toward `` high , '' the fan runs slow until it jumps to full speed .2 . If you set the control low enough to be , well ... low , then any additional draw put on the same circuit stalls the motor . In my case I turned on a light , so we are n't talking major draw . I tried changing the adjustment -LRB- putting more load on the circuit and then setting the `` low '' adjustment a bit higher -RRB- , but I could n't find a happy medium . If I set the adjustment high enough to not be bothered by a minor additional stress on the circuit , the `` low '' setting was almost the same as the `` high '' setting.So , with these limitations , this speed control is effectively an on/off switch , something I could have purchased locally for less than a buck .
 My old self piercing tester died so I purchased this Great Neck unit from Amazon . It was dead on arrival so I returned it to Amazon . I am a dedicated Amazon shopper and their excellent return policy is one of the primary reasons . In addition to the tester being defective , the piercing tip is far too large . If you used it on anything smaller than primary wire , it could very likely break the wire in half !
 As a custom home builder , I am constantly on the lookout for new and better tools . After reading the reviews on Amazon and the review on Tools of the Trade , I ordered this nailer . It looked like it had everything I needed - Rafter hook , lightweight , lockout , tool-less mode change , etc. . I received the nailer and took it out out to a jobsite where we are framing a new house . I use mostly Paslode brand nails . I showed the gun to my foreman , and he thought it looked and felt great . He jumped into the trailer to get some nails and start framing . A moment later , he called me over to look at the gun . He could n't get 2 sticks of nails into it . We both looked the nailer over carefully , and came to the conclusion that you could n't fit 2 sticks . I Immediately put the nailer back into the truck to be returned to Amazon . On the way back to my office , I called Milwaukee to see if such a thing could really be - did I accidently get a ` short magazine version '' ? After talking to a `` technical support '' guy that did n't know as much about the tool as I did , I gave up . An oversight like this is unbelievable . Framing is all about productivity , and doubling the time spent filling the gun is unforgivable . Maybe if I used Bostich nails , 2 sticks would fit , but there is no way I am going to start using 2 different types of nails on the same jobsite . I wanted this nailer to work , but I am returning it , and am going to try the MAX nailer.MAX SN883CH/34 Clipped Head Nailer for Paper Collated Stick Nails
 Sounded like a good deal at first , lightweight , good price . But it does not come with a case , and clipped nails are on their way out and hard to find in small smooth sizes.Returned it and got Porter-Cable full head nailer with a case . Love it .
 I went to Milwaukee 's home page and reviewed the firm 's entire tool catalogue . I could not find any pneumatic nailers illustrated in the catalogue . Apparently , Milwaukee is discontinuing its line of pneumatic nailers .
 It did n't work as good as I wanted , it was sticky when cranked it not smooth , then one day it froze not worth buying .
 I was very excited when I saw this light at BestBuy for $ 19.99 . It looked perfect to use for my Kindle since it was so light . However , when I went to turn it on it would n't work . I took the cover off and played with the batteries and finally got it to come on . Then the disappointment continued . The light was so dim I could hardly see my Kindle . Needless to say , it 's going back today .
 This product seemed ideal for use with my Kindle . It is very light and the clip works very easily . However , of the two I purchased , one of them did n't work at all -LRB- perhaps the two included lithium batteries were dead ? -RRB- , and when I went to use the other one for the first time , the light popped off of the arm . I unscrewed the back -LRB- necessary to replace the batteries -RRB- , put the arm back onto the light , screwed it back on and it popped off again . So - I am returning both of them for a full refund . In addition , the light seemed very dim - there is a single micro LED light and I swear the lights on my micro LED string lights for my Christmas tree are much brighter than the Cyclops light .
 I LOVE the brightness of this light . Easily illuminates the entire page with the 3 bright LEDs so my eyes do n't feel strained . The telescoping head makes positioning easy and the light stays where you aim it . This is a great book light for both hard cover and paperback books , when it works . I take this light everywhere , as a matter of fact this is my second light - I bought the same book light again when the first one died.And that 's the problem and why only 2 stars - because now this one is toast too , after only a year . The weak place is in the telescoping neck which moves in and out and is where the wires travel to get to the bulbs . I fixed the short in the current one once but now the wire is too frayed or disconnected or something for me to repair . Phooie ! Also , the connector for the optional plugin attachment fits poorly into the book light and the LED lights blink every time I move or turn the page when it 's plugged in . Double phooie ! Now , I will admit , I use it almost every night and take it on all my trips and travels - however , is n't that what a book light is meant to do - be used?I 'm going to have to replace my current MightyBright with another MightyBright just like it if I ca n't find a bright clip on LED book light that does n't have problems doing what it was built and sold to do -- and so far , I have n't found anything better out there .
 Totally loved it , the best light ever but has a major problem which is the wiring that goes to the bulbs , after some use - mine lasted only 4 months - it goes completely dead . Very dissapointing
 Although the product is good , the packaging TWICE caused the staples to be a pile of individual staples and unusable . The weight of the flimsy cardboard box they are packed in broke apart and mashed up staples were everywhere . They need to be purchased locally rather than shipped .
 They are just too wide even I did not go with a bigger size as people recommended . In addition , they are too heave to just walk . The fit is so bad that they are easily slipped off from your feet when you walk . I will not recommend unless if you have wide feet and the weight do not bother you . I gave 2 stars since the build quality is pretty good . But if they do n't fit , they ca n't be worn .
 After reading some reviews on this product , suggesting that you buy a larger size since they run small , I went ahead and ordered the Size 8 Sloggers Women 's premium clog . It turns out that the Size 8 -LRB- I 'm normally a 6 1/2 - 7 size -RRB- is too big for me . The clog is also very loose or wide in the toes and my feet swims around the shoe when I wear it . Unless you have wide feet , I recommend not to order this product .
 The shoe is well-constructed , but slips off of the foot too easily . Even though it was sized right for my foot the back of it did not grip my heel sufficiently to stay on my foot . I returned them and decided my old Lady Bugs were the brand to buy .
 These clogs look neat and they seem to be of sturdy build . However , they are so loose that my foot has trouble staying inside it when I 'm walking . And yes , I ordered the correct size . The length is almost a hair too small so there 's no way I could wear a size smaller . They definitely do not fit like a glove and if I had to walk any distance further than my garden , I would n't and could n't wear them . I am looking forward to being able to hose them down when I pick up mud , as I usually do when outside . That 's their function for me .
 They came and they were the wrong size . Be sure to order size larger than you 're used to . Or maybe even bigger than that . They 're very heavy clogs otherwise . I pay for shipping to send them back , there in New York , so it cost me about 10 bucks to ship them - what a rip off . No exchange program nothing . Not too pleased .
 too small although it was reported to be the same size as another brand shoe that did fit . returned it
 I love the `` Garden Shoe '' that I purchased a couple of years ago but they needed replacing due to the fact that they stretched a bit and the footbed has some holes from wear . I purchased the `` clog '' in the same size but they clearly fit differently than the `` shoe . '' They are wider and longer . I would not get the clog again . I 'm sorry that I did n't stick to what I know and like .
 I was hoping the ATD 8401 sandblaster would be a good unit for DIY projects . I did n't expect a professional unit but this one is not even good enough for a 1 star rating . The couplings are poorly engineered and break easily . I have a large Dewalt compressor which meets the specified requirements and have tried the finest sand but this tool simply wo n't feed the sand properly . I would have returned it but kept it too long before trying it . It 's headed to the recycling center tomorrow ... I do n't ever want to see it again !
 Unbelievable dissapointment . This tool will only cause you frustration . Ive used siphon feeds before and thought this would be an upgrade . However , it does not feed sand or walnut abrasives consistantly ... . it simply doesnt feed well ... you may get a few good blasts but then it stops delivering the abrasive . If you want to use `` play sand '' forget it ... even after filtering it through a screen it would not get the job done . Glass beads worked the best -LRB- but not great -RRB- but who can afford to blast with glass beads outdoors ? I tried everything to no avail , different pressures , different materials , putting it on its side , upside down , everything . Also , you need a monster compressor to run this thing for any amount of time . The looks and quality are fine except the on/off valve on the bottom of the unit in which the lever has come loose and has too much play.@@@UPDATE###Finally got this thing where it works pretty good . I needed to get my job at hand done and wasent about to order another unit . The loose sand shut off valve on the bottom of the tank was removed and tossed -LRB- after it broke -RRB- . I went to Home Depot and got a new 3/8 ball shutoff valve and `` t '' with appropriate adapters to use on this unit . Installed this on the tank and went down 1 size on the tip . Finally good results , and was able to finish stripping my m/c frame ... But now the blast tip is worn out and leaking . Guess I can not win on this one ...
 I tried this product to trim up some ceramic tile it will cut the tile but took me almost 45 minutes to cut a piece 6 '' long decided to use my tile nippers on the couple of oieces i needed to trimwould not recommend this product
 I bought this outdoor sconce a year and 3 months ago , It looks nice , but that 's where it ends , its VERY poorly made . They used a plastic casing to house the bulb , which is probably not a good idea for an outdoor fixture . The top of the housing has completely rotted , and literally , crumbled away . The side of the housing is also cracking and crumbling . I have been using a CFL bulb -LRB- the housing is CFL approved -RRB- , and am well within the wattage specs on their instruction sheet . Also , the plastic sheet that sits between the satin nickel face and the bulb has also cracked . I contacted PLC and even sent them pictures of the defect , and they refuse to send me a replacement plastic housing unit , which would probably cost their company pennies . The cost and quality of this product do n't match up . Do yourself a favor and avoid overspending on PLC 's poorly made products .
 It says it is 3 in diameter on bottom , It is 2 & 3/4 in . Ca n't you people read a tape measure
 Item is heavy and of good quality , but is not as described . Description states that wrench supports sizes 7/16 '' , 9/16 '' , and 5/8 '' . Actual measurements with a caliper are 0.632 x 0.628 -LRB- 5/8 '' = OK -RRB- , 0.570 x 0.573 -LRB- 9/16 '' = OK -RRB- and 0.502 x 0.498 -LRB- 7/16 '' = WRONG , 7/16 '' = 0.438 -RRB- . The 1/2 '' socket is too large for a 7/16 '' head . Returning product because I bought it specifically for the 7/16 '' socket .
 Do n't buy these if you expect to get a pristine product . What I got were big boxes with `` heavy '' caution labels . Inside were shards of nail sticks and a shredded box that looked like it was dropped off a roof . Of course the air cushions was all deflated . What Amazon needs to do is
 The crown molding vice and stoppers from Hitachi are a `` Do n't Bother '' . They are flimsy and small only about 2 inches of support to hold the crown molding in place . It 's extemly hard to make 2 cuts the same . If you want to cut your crown molding standing up there are better options .
 These nails did n't come in the original box , the box was double size and the nails were in a big plastic bag , literaly in a heap . I might get to use 20 % of them , the rest are a mess . Some cartriges are in three pieces or more , some are missing nails in various places of the cartrige , and some have nails sticking up out of the cartrige . I think I received a bag of rejects . The time spent sorting out the good ones has been atrocious .
 Received a torn , worn cardboard Box of Rusted Nails . These nails appear to have been outside in the Rain . These nails were just thrown in the cardboard shipping box . These appear to have been leftovers or something . No not buy these are they are rusted and will only make your work harder . This is beyond the worst quality I have ever received from Amazon . How could these have been sent to me , who knows . You have now been warned .
 Works great but 4 months after installing the paint is chipping off and looks terrible . Better off spending the extra money on the good one , which is what I 'll be buying next .
 Lost the snap ring to this Disposer and needed a new one . I ordered a new flange just to get the snap ring . The Item pictured clearly shows the snap ring attached . I was very disappointed when I received the part without the snap ring .
 I kept the flashlight inside on a shelf for 2 years and used it rarely . When I needed it , it worked for an hour or so and then just stopped . I could not open the top where the LED is , but there was condensation in there . -LRB- I used it outside in the rain - but it was supposed to be water resistant . -RRB- The other flashlight in the 2-pack is still working . So , the tough name is not matched by the product performance .
 Save your money . Go to WalMart and buy a $ 3 flashlight . It will produce just as much light . The beam is very weak and full of blind spots . This light is not worth what it is being sold for . I returned mine and requested a refund .
 This is an ill-conceived product . Years ago I had a rechargeable light where the actual flashlight was kept in a cradle that attached to the wall and was easy to enter back into the cradle for recharging . I tried hard to find a similar light when I bought this one but could n't . This Dorcy light has the plugin prongs mounted on the light itself and are swiveling which makes it very difficult the hit the wall receptacle without folding the prongs back into the unit . So you have to dig them back out of the little recessed area they fold into and try again . It 's aggravating to say the least.BUT , the worst thing about this light is that is has a very WIMPY beam of light . It 's pretty useless outside , barely illuminating an object 50 feet from you . It 's only a little better than no light at all.I consider that I wasted money on this light . Do yourself a favor and get something else .
 I bought the lantern , tested it on the second day and it worked fine ... first power outage in AZ and it did n't work at all ... tried recharging it , nothing . I will get an unknown partial refund and have to pay shipping ... it will require a trip to the PO and the difference is n't worth the trouble ... $ 27.32 down the drain ... and no alternatives .
 Remember these traps are only for survey work to see if the moths are in your area . You only see the males flying searching for the non-flying females , which the phermone lure immitates This product has absolutely nothing to do with irradication or control The only effective means of controlling large populations is spraying a bacteria called Bacillius thurengiensis , which destroys the feeding caterpillars . The caterpillars do the damage not the adult males .
 I do not reccommend this product ... Moths flew right by it , , , an kept going . Other types bait traps have worked in the same area . Dee
 I never looked closely enough before buying , but notice in the supplied photo that the mounting screws are on about a 30 degree angle from vertical . Makes for a nice photo.Unfortunately , in the real world , the mounting holes are vertical ... which results in this horse actually rearing up at 30 degrees more than shown . What was a nice angle becomes an unusual feat and really , not all that attractive a pose . Too bad ... if the item had been properly dsesigned the horse would look fine and be a 5-star item . Anyone want mine ?
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 This was perhaps the neatest device I have ever purchased . The concept was elegant , simple and worked extremely well . Until it STOPPED working after about a year . I called their tech support and found out that there were no replaceable parts and there was no method for repairing it .
 The first time I received this product it arrived absolutely decimated . The glass was shattered and the screws were ripped out of the wood . The way they ship and package this item is terrible . So I returned it and received a replacement a few weeks later . This one was a little better . The screws had still been ripped out of the particle board -LSB- which the entire item is made out of -RSB- , the brackets for the doors were bent , and the glass was chipped on the corners . The pre drilled holes to mount the doors on were misaligned by a fraction of an inch , which throws off the entire installation process . I tried to re-drill the holes but since it 's particle wood it did not go so well . Needless to say this thing was thrown in the garbage the next morning . Save yourself the hassle , spend $ 20 more on something nicer from a better company .
 after two attempts to ship this item undamaged we decided to purchase it locally . some items are just too fragile & not packed properly to avoid problems .
 Order the medicine cabinet , it arrived glass cracked . Called and was assured that they would send another one out and it would have clear packing instructions as to the product being glass . I was assured all would be done so the mirror would not be cracked . The second medicine cabinet came and was shattered once again worse than the first time . Called back and said I would give it one more try , this one was so shattered glass was coming out of the packaging . There was no protection in any of the boxes just thrown in the box . Needless to say never never order anything breakable from AMAZONtZenith Products M30 Beveled Tri-View Medicine Cabinet
 I ordered two of these vests in the same size , and one was too small and the other barely fit ... they are apparently sized improperly ... I contacted the company and there was no talk about compensation ... I was ordering these for my job and I ca n't use them ...
 Cheap plastic more appropriate for a child 's toy . Floppy is n't helpful on a power tool.Broke the second time it was used . Do n't bother with this one .
 I purchased a Genie Excellerator -LRB- 1/2 HP -RRB- about two years ago and have had problems with it off and on since the beginning . Installation was a little difficult ; the screw and metal beam that houses it come in several pieces and are very flimsy . Sometimes it works and sometimes it does n't -- A common problem is that the motor is very weak and requires great effort to raise my garage door . At this point , the motor is simply dying a slow and miserable death so I am going to replace it with a 3/4 HP LiftMaster .
 We purchased a Genie screw drive model IMS/1000A in 2000 and have had repeated problems with the carriage drive . It has been replaced twice , and now it 's broken again . When it happened the first time , they told us it was caused by our old , wooden garage door being too heavy . They said the newer doors were lighter . -LRB- Of course , when we bought it , we were told nothing about it only being good for lightweight doors . -RRB- About a year ago , we had to purchase a new garage door -LRB- for unrelated reasons -RRB- . Guess what ? It did n't make any difference as far as the opener was concerned . Not only am I frustrated about its apparent poor quality , I 'm also frustrated by the fact that even though this is covered under warranty , we still have to wait for Genie to MAIL us a replacement carriage . I asked why they could n't just arrange for us to pick it up at a local dealer , and they said they did n't do that . So now we have to wait -- and of course , they said it could be longer than usual because of an upcoming holiday . They also said they would n't even come out and check the problem unless we did our own `` balance test '' requiring you to manually pull up the door a few feet and see if it stays there . What if you 're not physically able to do that ? Is the Genie only for the young and strong ? I can see my 84-year-old mother trying this , or someone in a wheelchair . The customer service folks said I could call out a repair company to come do the `` balance test , '' but of course , I would have to pay them for the service call . So much for a lifetime warranty .
 I ordered two book safes . One would assume if one ordered two of a product that each should look different . Next , the compartment instead of having two sections only had one , which was unlike the booksafe my grandchildren had desired . I was very dissatisfied with the products .
 Mine is going right back for a refund . It 's not worth the money . The unit leaked profusely from the onset from the male hose connection that attaches to the inflow tube on the reel . I swapped out numerous washers , applied teflon tape , etc. , to the connection to try and stop the leaking , but to no avail . I had a suncast reel prior to this one for a number of years that was much better built and more durable . This replacement was basically the same model , but I can only echo the sentiments of the others that the quality has certainly diminished . It is flimsy and made with cheap plastic parts with a very limited lifespan . Maybe be o.k. with use for lighter hoses , but not the heavy duty ones . I 'll be looking for another brand .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 Unbelievably bad quality . Crappy plastic hose connection stripped while attaching hose to reel . The plastic is so soft if you are off just a bit , kiss the connection goodbye and Hosemobile . Never even got to use it once and decided it was not worth the gas and time taking back to Home Depot for a refund . Just save your money and spend more for another product that can withstand some normal use .
 It broke on me after 3-4 uses . The hose does n't roll up unless so effort is put into it . Also , as you crank , it tends to skip around due to its weight and overall poor build quality.Don ' t waste your money .
 first purchase had two left frames -- replacement had no parts bag -- call to Co. , Sara , would send parts bag -- that was over 3 wks ago -- three strikes your out
 Bought it 3 days ago to replace a larger Suncast caddy that finally died after many years and repairs . I put 100 ' of 1/2 '' hose on it carefully -LRB- it 's supposed to hold 175 ' -RRB- I 'd like to see that happen ! It sat for 3 days and when I went to use it , the spool would n't turn because it was broken . One side of the spool that holds the hose had sheared off from the reel . Upon looking closely , I found that it is held together with extremely thin plastic . Do n't buy this product as it is pure garbage and I 'm on my way to Sears now to return this abomination .
 The Suncast model JTT175B hose reel cart I received on 7-30-09 came with a great deal of untrimmed plastic from around the edges of almost every part . I use a 100 foot Craftsman 5/8 inch rubber hose , and I just barely got it on the reel winding it smartly . The gap between the sides of reel and the sides of the cart is just wide enough to allow the hose to flop over the top of the reel and get stuck between them . Often when I pull the hose from the cart the hose gets stuck in the gap forcing me to walk back to free it , often times more than once . The short supply hose that came with the hose reel cart was defective , for it had a bad spraying leak where the male brass end is crimped to the hose . I contacted Suncast by e-mail regarding the defective hose , and I have not received a responce from them in the 3 days before writing this review .
 Cheap , cheap , cheap . So poorly made of such flimsy material , I 'm surprised it survived shipping . The least bit of pressure on the most crucial parts - the ones which should be engineered/manufactured to withstand such pressure - breaks them . And , of course , a company which makes such a terrible product does n't sell replacement parts . More plastic to end up at the dump , and money wasted . I 'd rather drag my hose around in 100 heat and 90 % humidity than ever buy another ! Phew , now I feel better - got it outta my system , now to drag the offending thing out of the yard !
 There is one thing you would expect from a new hose reels , and that is `` not to leak from new ' . I have read dozens of reviews from various websites , and over half of the reviews state that these reels leak from brand new . Wish I had read these reviews first , because despite professional installation , IT LEAKS !!!!!!! DO NOT BUY ANY SUNCAST MODEL , THEY ALL LEAK AND ARE CHEAP JUNK . Plastic is so flimsy that it will fall apart the first time you put the slightest pressure on it . Wish I could give it less than one star .
 Both my original order and a replacement had clearly visible damage to the seating surface . Neither should have been shipped to distributors by Kohler . Both boxes were intact and there was no sign of damage from shipping . I expected better quality from Kohler at this price .
 I bought two of these hoses mostly due to the favorable reviews and the really low sale price.What I have found though , is that the hose fittings are n't up to serious use . So far I 've had the fittings on both ends of one hose pull loose , once with wild thrashing of the hose until I could get to the compressor to disconnect it . The other hose I had the gun-end fitting break off when I dropped my gun . In both cases , it was the result of shoddy materials or construction . The hose with the loose ends was clearly not swaged tight enough at the factory . I could push the fittings completely back into the end of the hose and pull them off again by hand . In the case of the broken fitting , upon examination of the fitting I found that the fitting wall was very thin . I do n't know whether this was an anomaly or indicative of all the fittings , but they clearly are n't meant for serious work.On the other hand , the hose material itself is great . It is light weight and stands up to daily use on a construction site . While it will kink more easily than heavy duty hoses , the kinks do n't appear to damage the hose itself . Just straighten out the kink and keep working.So you can view this product in one of two ways . The first is that it is good , as is , for light weight occasional use around the shop . The second is that you 've purchased a couple lengths of really good hose , but expect to replace the ends and fittings if your plan to use it for serious work.When I purchased them they were on sale for $ 15.13 each . Had I paid the current price of $ 41.61 I would be livid . At $ 15.13 they were a good purchase for the hose material . At $ 41.61 I would not recommend them for any reason at all .
 Yes , its light and flexible as others have suggested . These are great things to have in an air hose . The fact that its hard to kink is somewhat irrelevant because under pressure , I 've never experienced a kink in my regular rubber air hose.This hose just continues to annoy me though . The big problem is that it wont lay flat on the floor . It will lay twisted and semi-coiled no matter how many times you unwind or untangle it during use . The coils on the floor create 6 to 8 inch `` bridges '' of hose that you will inevitably trip over , become tangled in , and then curse like a sailor . I cant count how many times the hose has literally wrapped around my foot by accident . I 'd bet that 25 % of those instances caused me to mis-step or flat out trip and stumble . My good old rubber hose lays flat on the floor and has never caused me an ounce of disgust . And the rubber hose is much easier to re-coil for storage.This is not an issue limited only to these Hitachi hoses . I 've yet to find a polyurethane air hose that lays flat . You see , the trade off to the `` lightness '' of the hose is that it causes it to lay at its own will -LRB- seeming to disregard gravity -RRB- . I 'm not even sure you 'll understand the point of my review . If not , go ahead and buy one . I think my comments will be clear within a matter of minutes.Regretably , I bought three of these hoses before I realized what a pain in the rear they are .
 I think this is an okay hose , all 100 ' hoses are not tangle free and this one is no exception , my beef is that the black end/bend protectors have already come away from the area they are supposed to protect after one week of use -LRB- bummer -RRB- , my American hoses are still intact after five years of constant use , this is a relatively cheap/disposable import from China .
 The one skull is on the outside ... it does not have a `` Skull Every 16 on Center '' as the description states . Very disappointed !
 there are no skulls on the tape blade at all , very disappointed.This is false advertisement no if ands or skulls
 I purchased this faucet at a local supplier . One year after installation it started to drip and then spray water all over the place from the seam between the spout ring -LRB- part of the main vertical post post -RRB- and the rest of the post structure . Under warranty I was shipped two O-rings . I asked about instructions and was advised that a plumber could do the repair or I could try to figure it out from a -LRB- very poor -RRB- online drawing.Not the type of performance , quality or support I expected from a firm that represents itself as a high end classy operation.Very expensive , very short life , poor customer support .
 I had my first experience with a raccoon a few months ago . I was sitting in my living room after the kids had gone to bed and realized there was one knocking down my garbage cans and attacking out garbage . I tried everything , pounding on the window , throwing a water bottle onto the porch it would not leave . SO I jumped on Amazon and ordered bungee cords , to keep my cans closed . I did not realize at the time that my cans do not have handles on both sides , which would n't really matter because there were holes that could hold the books and reach over to the handles . NOT with these granted there are different size cords , none would fit my cans , they are all too small or too big and even the extension pieces were not enough . If you need these for anything else I recommend , they are strong and not cheap at all , but for me they were a no go .
 I thought this was a good deal based upon the photo . Reality is you only get one of the items shown -LRB- the tube with a red `` 12 '' on it -RRB- . Just a warning to anyone else that thinks they are getting everything pictured .
 I bought a 100 foot outside extension cord to power yard equipment , and stored it on this Bayco Reel . It 's a heavy cord , rated for 15 amps.The reel is lightweight , and hard to handle when winding up the cable . I need to guide the cable with one hand , and I have n't figured out how to stablize the reel at the same time as I crank.This product is priced right , but needs a tweak on design so that long , heavy cables can be retrieved easily while using both hands for something else .
 This product is merely OK for lighter cords , but do n't try to put more than 75 ' of quality 12/3 cord on it . I doubt very seriously that if will hold the 150 ' of 16/3 as advertized . I have a number of cord reels of similar price but a slightly different design . They are easier to use and of comparable capacity . I 'm giving it only two stars not so much because of the product -LRB- it 's a reasonable product for the price -RRB- but because of the deceptive advertizing about it capabilities .
 This is a borderline toy . It may hold 150 ' of zip cord but that 's about all . A more realistic max would be 75 ' of 12/3 .
 there is no way to use only the length of the electrical cord needed - the whole cord must be unwound . This is also too small for 150 ft , unless you get a very thin cord - but for normal/heavy duty outdoor cords 75 ft is probably the practical max . Would not recomend this product .
 Not the greatest reel . Rather flimsy . You have to un-reel the entire cord to reach the end plug . There is not a way to have it exposed and only partially un-reel the cord . The handle does n't really do much except get in the way when pulling the cord . However it works well to store the cord , and that is where the handle comes in handy .
 This thing is so flimsy . It flexes when winding and it feels like the handle will break on every revolution . I know this thing is cheap and true to form you get what you pay for . It will do the job with light duty or short cords but if you have any decent weight cord buy something else . Buy a hose reel .
 Very time consuming and frustrating to use . If you read some of the other reviews they will recommend using a zip tie to hold the middle of the cord so you can wind both ends evenly . While this does work , pulling the cord to use it is way more time consuming than it 's worth and after only a week it was starting to damage the casing on the cord - aYellow Jacket 12/3 Heavy-Duty Extension Cordwhich is not some cheapo cord . This product was definitely not well thought out . Eventually I got sick of spending more time trying to wind the cord than I was actually using the tools so I went back to using the over-palm-and-under-the-elbow method . Also , I found this same exact item in L0we 's for two dollars cheaper . All I can say is this is a waste of plastic .
 Not enough weight in stand to help coil a cord . Pieces fall off if you use it more than once . Waste of money .
 absolue piece of junk ! I knew it was cheap and kind of expected this to be not good , but it far exceeded my expectation of being useless .
 Thisi a great product , just was meant for a flat cord not a round grounded cord . Electricians might find it useful .
 The Cord Reel is flimsy , not to mention that the cable holder in the middle really confusing.I must unreel all the cable if I want to use it.bad engineering in my opinion .
 If your buying this for organizational purposes to neatly store the cord in your garage , and never use it that 's about all its good for.Don ' t buy this if you plan to use the cord . This was more of a nightmare to untangle than if I had just wound up the cord around my arm . Not worth the aggravation . I was ready to take a sledge hammer to it after 30 minutes of wasted time fighting to free the cord from it .
 I would recommend something sturdier to hold as much power cord as one would roll into this unit.It is too light weight and does n't reelin very well . You have to set it on a flat surface to use it such as a sturdy table making it inconvienent to use . I would recommend using a more expensive garden hose reel instead .
 Bought this for a new 100 foot cord and it barly holds it . Ca n't imagine if I had a 150 ft cord that it would fit .
 This item lives up to the saying , `` You get what you pay for '' . The price was right so I bought it but the quality is definitely lacking . I suggest you spend a little more for quality because everytime I use it , it feels as if it is about to break .
 The reel has no hole in the middle to pass extension cord through so you might unroll it partially.So you will need either unroll the cord completely and use the reel just as a storage or make the hole manually.That 's what you have for the price .
 I purchased this to us with a heavy duty 100 ft 12/3 cord . It is just too much cord for the spool . My bad on that I suppose . The product is not user friendly to wind and store cord . Chalk this one up to money wasted .
 Fortunately , I read the reviews before purchasing this item . And yet , I foolishly was a man and ignored the suggestions and tried to do it ` my way ' . I highly recommend against this.The cord reel works if you use a twisty tie and tie the middle of your extension cord to the base as others have stated . It 's not the most ideal solution but it works . I knock it down to two stars because even if you follow this method , sometimes the cord still gets tangled .
 The handle on this reel broke off the second time I used it . It is very flimsy and I recommend not buying it .
 No instructions came with it showing one how to wrap the cord around it w/out a messy tangle on each end of the cord
 I followed a fellow reviewers instructions for how to set this up so the line would retrieve easily . His tip worked but it does n't overcome the flimsy construction of the product . Frankly , there must be a better , more functional instrument for reeling up electrical cord . I would be willing to spend double for one that worked exceptionally well . I have n't found one . This is n't it . And it is a little frustrating to buy something with one purpose , and it does not do that one thing very well .
 This product is poorly designed , not strong enough and can not hold 100 to 150 feet of cord . If it was designed for wall mount , it may have performed little better .
 I wanted a cheap cord reel for my leaf blower . That is what I bought.It appears mine was assembled with two sides that lacked notched spines . Therefore , the one I received lacked any notches in the spines to retain the end of the cord that would otherwise be buried at the center of the reel . Without the notches to retain the cord end , it is VERY difficult to reel up the cord . To make mine useable , I bored a hole in the axle hub and ran one end of the cord out through the center of the hub . That way , I can connect either end without first emptying the spool.Should you decide to purchase this item , look at the image on the product label . It is a VERY badly Photoshoped image of the reel in use with its handle inverted over the reel held in the left hand of the user while the right hand is off to the side in a grasping position but not grasping the handle as it should have been .
 The edges all around are not very smooth ... which cuts my hands & I worry about my cords . So I wrapped a lot of black tape 2 try 2 smooth some of the rough edges on it
 Had bought this for wrapping my 100 ' extension cord . Total waste of money , time and effort . It keeps getting entangled in ti .
 Bought one at Home Depot . Notice you need to have the female end of the cord -LRB- the end you start wrapping with -RRB- sticking out so you can hook appliances into it . Well , notice there is no hole or place for the female end to stick out . . so in order to use the cord , you have to unwrap the entire cord each time . PITA . This is really a storage device for when you need to use the entire 150 ' cord .
 Very flimsy and cheap . There 's no way to access both ends of the cord once you wind it up , so you must unroll the entire cord for each use . Sent it back .
 BOUGHT 3 OF THESEM USLESS , TO WEAK FOR DECENT SIZE EX-CORD , 100 ' 14 GUAGE , NO PLACE TO GET TO PLUG EMD WITHOUT TAKING ALL OFF OF THE REEL , WHEN YOU TRY TO PULL OFF CORED IT TIPS OVER , SAVE MONEY AND AGREVATION , BUY THE MORE EXPENSIVE AND WORTH IT ALEX STAMPING CORD REEL WOULD LIKE TO SEND THEM BACK OR DISCARD THEM .
 i threw this in the garbage after two seconds of inspecting itdo n't waste your money do n't waste your money
 When I searched for a leaf blower I wanted , it recommended this reel as the best way to keep track of the cord . It is totally worthless . Were it not for the trouble of returning it , I would get a refund . For me it goes directly into the Trash !
 For $ 10 I figured I would give this reel a try , well I got what I paid for and returned it . It is n't practical for my needs , I would have to unreel the whole cord to actually use it . The hook that you put the cord around to secure is very cheap and weak plastic and with my 12/3 cord it almost broke off the firs time I tried to hook the cord under it to start reeling it on.I find it much easier using a cable cuff than this reel and will stick with that for now .
 This cord reel is more trouble than it 's worth . I have not used it since I bought it . It sits in the corner of my carport . In reeling the cord , it will not reel in straight but winds around getting all tangled up . I would return it if I knew how .
 It will not hold 150 feet of heavier gage cord and you have to unwind the entire cord to use any part of it . I would not recommend it .
 I bought a Toro Power Showel and I need a 100 feet power cord . I found that the hardest part was not shoveling with the power shovel , but dealing with the power cord . I have a number of back surgeries and problems , and I hoped this electric caddy would make it easier to deal with the cord.The electric caddy was not much help , it was hard to control and it requires a lot of bending . However I came up with a solution which works beautifully for me . Below is the description of what I came up with along with several customer photos to illustrate the solution I describe below.I used a small water hose caddy to coil the electric cord . I put the electric caddy on a chair , which meant I did not have to bend to coil the cord . One leg of the caddy support is on the chair seat , the second leg of the caddy support is on the back of the chair . The chair provides not only the lift to a convenient height but stability so the caddy does not wiggle when you crank the handle . -LRB- picture attached -RRB- The electric cord on the caddy felt much lighter and easier to maneuver.I found that the Toro power shovel was stable without having to lean it against a wall when I put it a big plastic storage bin . The caddy with the electrical cord fit nicely on top of the shovel in the bucket -LRB- picture attached -RRB- . This way when I bring in the snow-covered shovel and electric cord the snow melts into the bucket.Update : I found a better solution - it is called Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank : Green Leaf WW-1 Wonder Winder Hand Crank Extension Cord WinderAli Julia review
 I thought this product would allow me to manage my cord while I worked with my snow thrower but it is for storage only . You have to unroll the entire cord to get to the plug for the electrical outlet .
 This item is fine for storage of electrical cords , but is inconvenient to use . The stored cord must be reeled out to the length required prior to usage and prior to plugging in -LRB- unlike a hose reel , which reels out as needed -RRB- . The price was very reasonable , though .
 So , if you 're using a lower gauge cord -LRB- 12/3 or so -RRB- do n't think you can fit 150 ' on this thing . 100 ' will be pushing it . Also , at that gauge you wo n't be able to use the built-in hook on the reel -LRB- for securing the cord at it 's center point -RRB- . Another thing to note is that this really is just for storage ... it does n't make deploying or using your cord any easier that I can tell . One positive thing is that if your cord pushes the limits of the reel 's capacity as mine does , it will kind of keep itself in place -LRB- not unwinding -RRB- by butting up against the bottom of the reel 's handle . Also , it seems fairly sturdy and it 's easy and convenient for carrying and storing . You should n't lose something this brightly colored , either . All in all a solid 3 if you know what to expect . I did see in another review a cool mod for making notches in the side `` spines '' that you can fit a smaller cord into . check that out if you have a higher gauge cord that does n't stick out as much . *** UPDATE *** We do n't even bother with this thing anymore . In fact , it 's lost in the storage room somewhere without the cord on it . Perhaps I was using it for too heavy a cord , but just getting the * & % $ thing on and off this reel was more of a pain than anything else . I do n't recommend this for ease of use or practicality , at least not with a larger cord .
 This is very cheaply built plastic reel which is very weak and not worth the price and the product quality is poor at best .
 If you just want to store a seldom used cable , this may work just fine , and the price is pretty low . However , if this is a cable you use frequently , it is a real pain-in-the-butt to always be forced to unwind this reel so you can plug one end into a receptacle , and the other into your device . Spend a bit more , get much better utility .
 The description is misleading because it does n't say it will wind up 150 ONLY if you have 16 gauge or less . Who uses an outdoor extension cord which is n't at least 14 guage ... ???? Do n't buy unless you have less than 100 feet of extension cord ...
 I have used this for a light weight cord -LRB- 16ga wire -RRB- and am a little disappointed in how it works . Maybe I expected too much .
 The reel on this thing is less than 12 '' in diameter . There is NO Way it will hold 150 ' of extension cord ! I purchased it to hold the cord for my new snow blower , but I ca n't use it ! It might hold 150 ' of speaker wire , but that 's about it ! I guess it 's my own fault for not realizing that 16/3 cord is closer to the size of a regular indoor extension cord . Most outdoor cords are 12 or 14 gauge ! I guess only electricians -LRB- who know what the sizes of cords really are -RRB- would have known that I was a fool for buying this for any real use ! Hmmm ... come to think of it , if anyone needs 150 ' of indoor extension cord , they might have bigger electrical issues than me !
 Waste of money . Very light . Can hardly be used for 25 ft of cord . May you need two persons to operate it .
 I bought this after reading the amazon reviews but was hugely disappointed as soon as I took it out of the box . It looked cheap plastic.Like a cheap Chinese toy . only a matter of time before it breaks . As for the working , you can not use it as a rewinding reel as you move forward with your device on the one end.You have to unwind the cord first before power on and using your device . If you can wind up both side from middle , you will save some time .
 Either unwind the whole cord or nothing at all . The trick of folding the cord in half before winding leaves the reel midway from plug to you , and as you pull more cord , the reel is dragged along or the cord comes out of the plug . Spend a little more and get something you 'll enjoy using , like the wall-mounted Grean Leaf -LRB- great product -RRB- or the well-built Quick Winder .
 This unit is fine as long as you do not try and run the heavy duty cords . The clip in the bottom that you use to start reeling the cable does not handle a 12gauge cable at all so then you end up trying to do it without and its a pain and never works well . The unit weighs almost nothing so it flopps around a lot and the feet are not big enough to stand on to reel it in.This would be fine for thin cable but does not work for the big ones I seem to have everywhere .
 this thing is a real piece of junk - waste of plastic . It was not thought out well at all .
 I sent it back because you need to unroll the entire length of cord in order to use it the way I planned . It is set up in such a way that you can not plug it into electric while it is on the device .
 The reel is just too flimsy to be able to use on a consistent basis , or at all for me . I have to hold the reel down with one hand and reel the cord in with the other , and that still does n't always hold it still . And obviously if you want to use an extension cord with this , you have to unreel the entire cord so that you can use each end . Useless reel in my opinion . I just wind up my extension cord with my arms and will end up throwing this out unfortunately ... waste of money .
 While there are several ` tricks ' for effectively using this reel , it just is n't as good a design as the steel frame 'S ' designs that cost about $ 5 more . The 'S '' designs do not have the double sided frame of the Bayco that inhibits the ` male ' end of the cord unless you modify the Bayco .
 A 12/3 barely fits though they advertise the larger cords for it , the paper it came with only says up to 14/3 , the hook is useless for 12/3 , have to fight it to roll it up , search for something better
 I had no issue winding up my brand new 100 ' 14 gauge cable onto this reel . However , this reel provides no way to actually use the cable while it 's being reeled or unreeled . You either have to fold your cord in half , which unreels the other half as you pull on one end , or reel it up with one end in the center.Folding it in half might work if you 're doing yard work , but when my driveway is covered in snow , there 's no way I can put the cord half way down and just deal with it . So now I 'm going to have to unreel the cord before I use it anyway . It 's great that people have suggested modifications , but they still do n't allow you to unwind the cord while it 's plugged in - the cord would twist . Also , it only allows for about 5-10 '' of lead wire , where all my garage outlets are about 3 ' off the floor . This works great for storing the cord when not in use , but provides absolutely no benefit for the cord while being used .
 I purchased this reel because it received good reviews . Unfortunately , it has been a big disappointment . The reel is designed so that it is necessary to unreel the entire cord in order to plug it in . The plug goes under a clip in the inside of the reel , and the cord then wraps around it . Hence , in order to access the plug , it is necessary to unwind the cord completely , free the plug from the clip , and then plug it in . The fact that the manufacturer would actually design it this way , boggles my mind . I look at this reel , shake my head , and think to myself , `` did the idiot who designed this thing actually try to use it ? '' Do n't buy this reel unless you are prepared to unwind the entire cord every time you want to use it .
 Clumsy to handle and not efficient no matter how the cord is wound . Could have ` divider ' to keep cord from tangling when wound up .
 I have two of these lights that both have the same problem . The ceramic lamp holders have basically disintegrated after only sporadic use over the last few years . I contacted cooper lighting -LRB- it is more difficult to speak to a human than you might imagine -RRB- and was told that they do not ever sell replacement parts for these lights - like they ca n't even sell you a knob , glass , or any other part of this fixture.Please note that this review is of the product - not this seller . I have submitted a complaint to the Better Business Bureau and I 'm looking for any way to spread the word about the cruddy practices of cooper lighting.Edit December 14 , 2010 - Just came back to see if there was any way that I could give this product less than one star . Still hate the fact that they will not sell parts for their lights .
 Careful ! This item is not what is described . It 's not an `` assortment '' as indicated . The cords are all the same length -LRB- 10 '' -RRB- and color .
 Worked well for the first month or so but came to hate the remote buttons which stick out from the remote . The result of the buttons being raised allowed the buttons to be pushed when in a purse or pocket , draining the batteries very quickly . The internal gears of the lock seem weak compared to a black and decker one I had several years ago at another location . Occasionaly they would slip if the door was not perfectly centered resulting in the use of the key to open the door .
 The picture does not show that there is a hugh box on the back of the door which in my case makes this product worthless .
 this lock worked great for a few months and then became very tempermental . the dead bolt will not retract completely anymore . so i have to manually turn the lock on the inside , push the door shut and then turn the deadbolt to lock . i have n't replaced the lock but am back to using the key ... making this lock pointless . based on past reviews , i never called customer service ... save your money and wait for better quality .
 Oh you 'll love this door lock ... for about three months . At first it 's really cool
 This device looked like the solution for my porch access gate . The situation does not need high security just controllable privacy . The product picture shows a conventional deadbolt and says it is just a drop-in replacement . What they DO N'T show is the backside -LRB- inside of door -RRB- . Instead of a conventional key lock -LRB- double bolt -RRB- or a thumb knob there is a very large box -LRB- about 2 '' x 5 '' -RRB- that houses the batteries and electronics . First , it is too large to fit most deadbolt/doorknob installations , and second it is not weatherproof so it must be on an interior side.I really do n't know who could use this . It is suitable for a door with ONLY a deadbolt -LRB- no knob -RRB- and with one side protected from weather .
 I bought this unit to heat small area in my garage . I tested it but did n't need it for two years . The first time I used it for one hour the fan stopped . I tried to buy a new motor but it has no size info on it . Called Marley , they have no info because they import it . They said just buy a new unit . JUNK save your money . .
 this heater only lasted a year , It came with a big dent , it was poorley made i woulnt buy this again
 WORST customer service ever . `` your lucky you got 5 years out of it '' That is exactly what I was told by CS rep about the 450 dollar , broken heater I have . They offered me no help , no service , just said . . too bad . Only to find out , not only did I over pay ... but the product is junk ! Not made in the US as advertised . Not supported by the company for service . Contacted the retailer and was told `` Oh yes ... Marley is horrible for customer service , we have had problems with them as well '' Enter at your own risk folks !
 This is a very poor product . It is not worth the money i spent . The lights do not work . The umaterials are very poorly attached .
 I could never recommend this product . There are two cord lengths that I might have a use for . All the other lengths are way too short to be of any value . Matter of fact , I really do n't know what they could be used for ... I guess that you could always hook 2-4 of them together . Do n't waste your money .
 I needed new countersink set , this was cheap so I bought it . Big mistake ! It really is not worth the money and it went back just 1 day after working with it . I am not a contractor , by the way , just a home woodworker . The drills wobble , the collar slips easily , the cut is not super clean . Frustrated , I went to big box store and bought DeWalt set of 3 countersink drills for double the price of this whole set , and all I can say is that DeWalt is worth every penny , although it seems a bit overpriced . You do n't have to be a contractor to justify buying good bits over cheap stuff like this . As long as you like working with wood , and like making crisp , precise cuts every time , this set is not for you , it will only make you frustrated .
 Just as the previous reviewer stated , these things `` snap like twigs '' . Thank you , China , for flooding our home improvement stores with cheap products like this . That said , when the bits do snap off , st least you have the option of replacing just the drill bit with one made out of real metal . The actual countersink component is made in the USA.Perhaps a warning label advising the user not to use these in anything harder than balsa wood .
 It 's a leaker ... I need to keep the spout over a small container or it drips all over everything .
 This gun is a total disappointment . I expected more out of Dremel . I was wrong.This glue gun drips and wastes glue MORE than the cheap $ 5 one we were hoping to replace .
 I thought the gun would be great as the Dremel brand is generally good stuff , but the trigger lever is connected with only about a sixteenth of an inch of plastic and soon snaps leaving you with no choice to push the glue stick through with your other hand -- that is until you replace the gun and throw it in the trash .
 bought this brand of glue gun first because of the name and second because of the price , sadly the description of it being dripless was so false having owned different glue guns in the past for my business , it was time to replace , so i did some research and this model just stood out from the rest . could not believe the amount of glue it drips when just idle or warming up , unlike any other glue guns i have owned ! sadly to say , because the brand name is so recognized for such great products , not this on !
 The anti drip feature does n't really work at all . I bought it to replace my old Stanley GR25 , which I 'm going back to . Even when the Dremel 1200 is use as directed , gobs of glue continue to pour out and makes a mess of the project . The old Stanley stopped instantly with no residue drip .
 This thing leaks like no other.Even on the Low setting its like you are lightly pressing the trigger even when you are n't . Its EXTREMELY messy and wasteful . I am about to print the return info now , because this is unacceptable . I have a generic Chinese brand hot glue gun that cost $ 10 that does a better job than this thing .
 Purchase this for my wife . She never complained , as it was a gift , but after observing the operation first hand , I found it to be a disaster . Looks like evrybody has the same problem . For every stick used , I figure you waste at least 3 sticks . Shame on you Dremel ! Looks good , but performs terribly .
 I did not buy this from Amazon.com . It was bought at a local store . I used it for about 6 hours total over 6 days . It will no longer turn on using either setting . I 've tried unplugging , waiting hours to try to use it again , everything I can think of and nothing will resurrect it . I love dremel 's rotary tool , I own two of them for different purposes . Due to the quality and use I 've had out of the rotary tool , I thought I was making a sound decision to purchase this glue gun . If you 're thinking the same thing , DO N'T be fooled .
 I purchased this glue gun after it was featured on the Martha Stewart Show and I was impressed with the following features
 I do n't know if I 'm doing something wrong , but the glue gun constantly drips large puddles of glue while it sits in its harness . I may send it back .
 My husband gave me this as a gift one year and it has never worked properly . I should have returned it , but thought I might be using it wrong . It 's only gotten worse . When I hold the trigger , it wo n't feed the glue through . I have to use one hand to push the glue stick through the back while holding the gun . It 's a huge pain and i 'm going to buy a different one .
 I give this a 2 star rating because , the light at the tip is a great feature and the glue gun is comfortable in your hand . The main problem is that this glue gun uses more glue after you use it than when your using it . IT DRIPS GLUE LIKE NO OTHER . Glue sticks are expensive so spend your money on a surebonder or something else .
 Disappointing product from Delta . The return spring for the pump is rather weak and as a result you have to pump the soap out slowly as it takes it time to return to the start position . I was even tempted to pull the top up to help it along.Also , the threaded portion of the attachment mechanism is too short so what eventually happens when the bottle moves back and forth while being used is that is that it eventually undoes itself and falls off the mount.Delta generally makes solid products but this one is a dud .
 WOM -LRB- waste of money -RRB- Purchased 2 of these . One works the other is DOA . Pump does not pump anymore . Converting back to the old reliable Soft Soap pump dispensers , at least they work ! ... But what to do with the mounting holes in the walls .
 The pump just does not work ! And since you have to pump and pump to get even a drop out , it keeps pulling out of the wall . I would NOT recommend this product !
 Should have read the other reviews on this particular model from Delta . Check out the reviews for the ones that are different metals . The pump does not work . Drilled holes in my wall , pieced it together , filled it up with soap , and nada . I will be returning this .
 Multiple problems
 I bought this and it was broken , it did n't stick it would not pump at all . The second one did the same thing . The company informed me that knew about the problem and that they had fixed it , I think not The THIRD one stopped pumping with in a day . Let them rework this product before you buy , do n't let them waste your time too !!!
 Delta Victorian Wall-MountedPure Junk Do n't Buy It ... It do n't work & Leaks all over . .
 I purchased this item and within weeks the pump constantly got stuck after you pumped it . It had to be pulled back up so you could get it to pump again . This continued for a few more weeks and then it would not even pump out any soap . Shortly after that the nozzle fell off . I contacted Delta service as the dispenser was still covered by the warranty . They were very pleasant and nicely sent me a whole new dispenser . I put it up and would n't you know it , wo n't pump and it gets stuck after you try to pump it . I took the pump mechanism apart to see if I could figure out the problem . One of the steel ball valves was not seated properly so the pump could n't create the proper pressure to expel the soap . Ok , no problem I re-seated the ball valve . Pushed it down and presto soap came out and then presto the pump wo n't come back up . Pure junk and from the sounds of it not an isolated incident . Do n't waste your money and time with this .
 We had this soap dispenser for less than 3 weeks and the pump broke . We were trying to save money but in some cases , such as this one , you get what you pay for ! This product is awful and does not work !
 This is a piece of c **** . I rarely bother to post reviews unless something is incredibly good or incredibly bad - this falls into the latter category . It 's stopped working two months after I bought it . Now I have to try to get a replacement from Delta . I 'll not be buying more products from Delta ever again .
 I was so excited to get this product . Spent the time getting it set into the wall , and then the pump on the thing does n't even work .
 It may look pretty but the pump does n't work . I purchased two of them and the both are junk . DO N'T PURCHASE until they improve on the pump
 I first purchased approx . three or fours years ago . The disp . goes with my faucet and towel bar , fits decor.BUT be prepared to replace entire unit yearly , as pump stops working and CAN NOT be replaced without purchase of entire unit.Have thought of trashing entire unit but then will be left with attached holder on wall , with no use , or hole in wall.Delta needs to come up with a solution , as cleaning pump does not help ... should sell with a couple of replacement pumps ... . Gets to be costly to replace entire unit just to have a working on the wall disp .
 The product is poorly made . Will not pump soap . Contacted the manuafacturer and after receiving a new one I had the same problem . Do n't buy .
 These bags work as they should , however they advertise that it comes with 3 bags . I only got 2 bags . Not happy about getting jipped on 1/3 of what I paid for . Will be going elsewhere when I need more replacements .
 I purchased two Audio Vox doorbells to replace my old one , same model . One was purchased at OSH and did n't work even after I replaced the batteries , the one that I ordered through Amazon worked but only after I replaced the battereis that were included.This cost me an additional $ 6.00 and extra hassle and irritation all the fault of the manufacturer not the vendor.Be wary .
 I contacted Irwin about the ability to change blades on their saws . They do not offer replacement blades for any of their saws , so the `` changeable '' feature is a misnomer . I was told that the `` blades would be the same price as the entire saw '' , which seems unbelievable to me . I have decided not to purchase any more Irwin products because I feel this is misleading . - JH
 Cuts great but bent and kinked , now crooked . Not as good a steel as i thought it would be .
 I purchased several of these and they broke very easily . I should have mailed them back . But I just tossed them instead . There seem to be some sort of flaw with this design .
 This product barely works , cheap and somewhat dangerous because you need to push so hard to compensate for the weak blade
 The edges of the blades bent on a tobacco stem in the cigar on the third use ! A very poorly made cutter that 's not even worth the nominal price charged .
 The cutter broke in my hand after two uses . Total garbage . I got what I pay for , it is what it is .
 It 's a decent cutter for its price , but it would 've been nice to point out that this cutter is too small for robusto size cigars
 This cigar cutter is not very sharp . If you are looking for quality , pay more than $ 3 . You get what you paid for .
 The item i received was nothing similar to what I purchased . It is a single blade -LRB- still guillotine-style -RRB- cutter that is not nearly as effective .
 Its been well over two weeks and now i know why , its shipped on a slow boat from hong kong !!!!!! or a very slow airplane , had i known this -- no order.evrything else arrives within days and i spoiledlar shipments .
 I should say , at the start , that I repel anything with batteries or electrical power . That said , I am free to write that this penlight did n't last very long . The clicking end that turns the light on and off would click , but not turn the light off . In the middle of the night when you 're trying not to wake a sick , sleeping child , clicking a penlight 100 times is n't ideal . I ended up having to leave the light on , forgetting about it , and letting it die . Then , I went to the supply room and got the cheap one . If you do not repel technology and want something that looks a little classier , this penlight is fine . Good luck .
 I contacted Irwin about the ability to change blades on their saws . They do not offer replacement blades for any of their saws , so the `` changeable '' feature is a misnomer . I was told that the `` blades would be the same price as the entire saw '' , which seems unbelievable to me . I have decided not to purchase any more Irwin products because I feel this is misleading . - JH
 Cuts great if only I can keep the handle on the blade . There is a cheap plastic button that holds the handle onto the blade ... well its not holding and never did !
 I order this product and went I got it it was not the same product in the picture so I return it back . Amazon told me that they cound not replace it with the one in the picture
 I do acrylic paintings . I had been using blue painters tape to attach paper or canvas paper to a board . The blue color was interfering with my ability to manage the colors of the artwork . The adhesive on this tape is really strong . When peeling the tape off , it often takes part of the paper with it . Probably great for other purposes though .
 And buy white masking tape , it 's essentially the same thing , and it wo n't cost 10 bucks ! Kinda translucent , really thin .
 I bought Titebond to complete a project . Thought I would save a couple bucks over the cost of Gorilla glue . After 12 hours the glue still had n't cured , where as Gorilla glue is cured in about an hour . Took the bookcase apart and went and got another bottle of Gorrilla glue to complete it . Maybe I just got a bad bottle , but in comparison to gorilla glue there 's no comparison .
 I used this to hold a molding on a faux fireplace i was building and ended up just hammering the pieces on because the glue alone would not hold .
 I 've used Elmer 's Carpenters Wood Glue for years , but recently I bought some of the Titebond to give it a try . I 'm building a shelving unit out of 3/4 '' birch plywood with 12 '' shelves , mitered at each corner.I started out using the Titebond . After gluing a number of miters together I realized I made a mistake and had to take several corners apart . Kind of frustrated , I just pushed in on the boards , and they came right apart . I really did n't think they were held together stongly enough . So , I switched back to Elmers . And , I did an experiment . I waited 24 hours after gluing a joint with Elmers , just like I had with Titebond , and tried the same thing . I could n't break the joint apart . I did n't try with all my strength , just the same amount I had used on the Titebond joint , and more . But , the joint held . So , I 'm convinced the Elmer 's is better for gluing mitered plywood joints .
 Good service thank you , but I thought the product was pooly made , as it snapped when the couch pushed over it . HOWEVER . . I am not completely certain the electrician actually put it in right . But I still thought it should have held up longer then 2 weeks !
 I give it 2 stars because they do protect your eyes , but as for the rest ; they have the same cheap sticker on the lens as they have on their cheap tape measure . But do they look cool you ask ? No . They remind me of the type the Dentist gives me so he does n't drop his scraper in my eyeball . Buy something cheaper from Wal-Mart , Lowes , or Home Depot . Better way to spend your money and it will save you $ 10 .
 I purchased this item and within weeks the pump constantly got stuck after you pumped it . It had to be pulled back up so you could get it to pump again . This continued for a few more weeks and then it would not even pump out any soap . Shortly after that the nozzle fell off . I contacted Delta service as the dispenser was still covered by the warranty . They were very pleasant and nicely sent me a whole new dispenser . I put it up and would n't you know it , wo n't pump and it gets stuck after you try to pump it . I took the pump mechanism apart to see if I could figure out the problem . One of the steel ball valves was not seated properly so the pump could n't create the proper pressure to expel the soap . Ok , no problem I re-seated the ball valve . Pushed it down and presto soap came out and then presto the pump wo n't come back up . Pure junk and from the sounds of it not an isolated incident . Do n't waste your money and time with this .
 We had this soap dispenser for less than 3 weeks and the pump broke . We were trying to save money but in some cases , such as this one , you get what you pay for ! This product is awful and does not work !
 This is a piece of c **** . I rarely bother to post reviews unless something is incredibly good or incredibly bad - this falls into the latter category . It 's stopped working two months after I bought it . Now I have to try to get a replacement from Delta . I 'll not be buying more products from Delta ever again .
 I was so excited to get this product . Spent the time getting it set into the wall , and then the pump on the thing does n't even work .
 It may look pretty but the pump does n't work . I purchased two of them and the both are junk . DO N'T PURCHASE until they improve on the pump
 I first purchased approx . three or fours years ago . The disp . goes with my faucet and towel bar , fits decor.BUT be prepared to replace entire unit yearly , as pump stops working and CAN NOT be replaced without purchase of entire unit.Have thought of trashing entire unit but then will be left with attached holder on wall , with no use , or hole in wall.Delta needs to come up with a solution , as cleaning pump does not help ... should sell with a couple of replacement pumps ... . Gets to be costly to replace entire unit just to have a working on the wall disp .
 The product is poorly made . Will not pump soap . Contacted the manuafacturer and after receiving a new one I had the same problem . Do n't buy .
 Disappointing product from Delta . The return spring for the pump is rather weak and as a result you have to pump the soap out slowly as it takes it time to return to the start position . I was even tempted to pull the top up to help it along.Also , the threaded portion of the attachment mechanism is too short so what eventually happens when the bottle moves back and forth while being used is that is that it eventually undoes itself and falls off the mount.Delta generally makes solid products but this one is a dud .
 WOM -LRB- waste of money -RRB- Purchased 2 of these . One works the other is DOA . Pump does not pump anymore . Converting back to the old reliable Soft Soap pump dispensers , at least they work ! ... But what to do with the mounting holes in the walls .
 The pump just does not work ! And since you have to pump and pump to get even a drop out , it keeps pulling out of the wall . I would NOT recommend this product !
 Should have read the other reviews on this particular model from Delta . Check out the reviews for the ones that are different metals . The pump does not work . Drilled holes in my wall , pieced it together , filled it up with soap , and nada . I will be returning this .
 Multiple problems
 I bought this and it was broken , it did n't stick it would not pump at all . The second one did the same thing . The company informed me that knew about the problem and that they had fixed it , I think not The THIRD one stopped pumping with in a day . Let them rework this product before you buy , do n't let them waste your time too !!!
 Delta Victorian Wall-MountedPure Junk Do n't Buy It ... It do n't work & Leaks all over . .
 I had these glasses for all of ... 5 minutes . They arrived kinda twisted , and having owned sunglasses and safety glasses before , you can generally twist them slightly to bend them back into shape ... Happily enough , the arm snapped off the glasses right then and there , and instead of looking to buy another pair of glasses to repair them , or new arms ... I just tossed them . There are better available .
 I was looking forward to this analog meter , but when it came I was disappointed.The readings are inconsistent and just wrong . The first test was the AC from an outlet . It read 100 volts AC . That would be fine if I lived in Japan , but I do n't . Test again , 102VAC . Next time , 97VAC . The meter does not go to zero . When I set it using the physical adjustment screw , the next time I take a reading it lands in a different spot.When measuring resistance , the meter never stops . It gets close and lazily moves back and forth around some number . Worthless . It 's going back .
 I shpuld have shopped around more I found them cheaper locally after I had ordered ... price of convience I guess ...
 I ordered this item over two week ago and am still waiting . Woodworkers Hardware called and the said it was back ordered for one week . No additional communication and have still not arrived . Furthermore , they already charged the credit card .
 Franklin International has an aggressive sales promotion program to sale their products , and it has worked . My son used Titebond to glue a project in his bedroom and he become deathly sick by urea formaldehyde fumes . He called the company and asked them to put a warning on their product and they were very rude to him , to the point the representative was calling him names . For those who use their fingers to spread this glue , please read the MSDS ; `` If absorbed through the skin may produce kidney , liver and central nervous system damage . '' `` Avoid prolong breathing of vapor . Contains acetone , hexane and toluene . '' F.I. claims it is safe once it dries , but if you study urea formaldehyde you will see it off-gasses for ten years . I feel much safer with Elmer 's and Weldwood . They are all stronger then the wood you are gluing , so what 's the point of picking the strongest . I have used Elmer 's for 30 years and no project has ever came apart . Elmer 's company is very helpful and honest . I use Weldwood for special projects and so far , it has worked well . No glue is completely safe for humans , so for me it is very important to deal with a company I can trust . U.S. Schools have trusted Elmer 's for fifty years . I will not allow any chipboard , particleboard , or F.I. products in my woodshop . Please study all the products you are handling instead of believing advertizements .
 I turned this lamp on and off about 2x / day for about 3-4 weeks . However , to turn on and off , you turn the switch clockwise . Well the way this lamp is designed , the switch you use to turn it on , it kind of like screwing a screw into a piece of wood . After you do it a certain number of times , it hits the end . And then it wo n't turn anymore , so you are either stuck with it off or on.You can mess with it for a minute or two to get it to turn on or off , by turning the switch counterclockwise . But after manipulating the switch like that for about 3-4 days , it just stops working completely . Now , I have it stuck in the `` on '' position , and I turn it on and off by plugging it in or unplugging it.I would definitely not recommend this lamp . Spend a little more money , and get something that will last .
 What happened to the better quality of these kinds of clip-on 60watt lamps just 6 months ago ? The cord on this lamp is way too short . As are all of them now at all the office supply stores as well . Also , if you handle the outside of the shade , you 'll burn your fingers . It gets way too hot to the touch . One should be able to position where you want the light to shine -LRB- hence the bendable neck -RRB- , however , after it 's only been on 20 minutes , it 'll burn the hand that tries to move it ! It 's very hot even with just a 60watt bulb that it uses , and by which it emits super great light for its size . I ordered these because I had gotten 8 of these type of clip-on lamps from Office Depot a year or so ago -LRB- a bit bigger -RRB- so they would throw out more light than the minis . I 've loved them every day . They were $ 12 . Could someone please bring us back that $ 12 60watt clip-on light ? I 'd pay $ 2 more so I do n't burn myself and have a longer cord .
 This light broke right away ... after using it maybe 7-10 times the switch broke and it no longer works . Plus it gets VERY hot ... there are other better choices !
 These discs are awesome . However , they do not fit the regular dremel mandrel . On these discs the center hole is too large for a standard Dremel mandrel and the recommended mandrel will be needed . Myself , I was able to get around this -LRB- NOT recommended -RRB- by using a very small washer under the set screw for my disc shaft and a very small cutoff wheel that does fit was centered and gorilla super-glued to the bottom of the new disc -LRB- again NOT recommended -RRB- . If your looking for a plug and play disc for your standard Dremel mandrel then this is not the disc to buy , remember without also buying the proper mandrel it 's a no-go w/this disc ... And for those who find this review ` not useful ' Really ?? ...
 This and similar Lutron dimmers work fine for the first few years . However , the plastic rocker paddles are held in place by a small plastic hook on either side that is part of the paddle . These hooks are only about 1/16 '' thick and eventually one will break after repeated on/off operations , and then you ca n't operate the paddle any more -LRB- see my customer photo if it 's still up -RRB- . I bought a new house with about half a dozen of these in it , and two of them broke over the last two years.The problem could be easily fixed by swapping in a new rocker paddle , but I could n't find anyone who sells them . And Lutron did not reply to me when I wrote to their customer service department about the issue ; that alone will stop me from ever buying Lutron again.So , the only Lutron-based fix is to replace the entire dimmer for $ 25 - $ 35 . However , you can buy a Leviton dimmer such asLeviton Decora Slide Dimmer No. 6631-I 600 Watt Single Pole Incandescent Lighting Switchfor less than half the price of the Lutron that will do a perfectly good job . What 's more , the Leviton part has only 2/3rd the depth of the Lutron and a narrower front metal plate -LRB- which is used as a heat sink -RRB- and will fit in your electrical box a lot more easily .
 This switch matches my new construction home perfectly and would be a perfect dimmer switch except that the dull amber back-lighting -LRB- when the switch in in the off position -RRB- is unbearable in a bedroom and has an outdated `` grandparent '' look in any other room . An option to disable the locator light at the time of installation or a different model number for the same switch but without the back-lighting would be great but does not exist from Lutron .
 I would not recommend this product . After 6 months the dimmer doesnot work . The light stays on bright all the time .
 I had one stapler for 30 + yrs and happened to leave it behind at the range a week or so ago . That was used very hard and when left behind , did not have as much as a scratch on it . I 've been looking for a replacement since , and have not found one . This looked the best , but ... , it was chrome , it did not have the handle lock as shown , and it did not seat the staples evenly in different types of wood at any settings . I 've sent it back . Very disappointed . Worse is , so far I have been to four stores and can not find any as nice , simplistic , compact and comfortable as my old stapler . So taken for granted , I do n't even know who made it.TSC sells this in chrome for $ 24 , with the adjustment for depth on the top of the head , not one the side as this has . That also did not have the handle lock . Have to wonder who is designing this stuff?My original stapler had a staple remover , a lock for the handle , worked on every size staple , was easy on the hand , no power adjust necessary , and , it never failed ... . still looking.Update 8/12/11
 Never buy the wrong staples again ? The box of 5/16 '' Surebonder staples I just threw away begs to differ . Despite saying on the box itself that 5/16 '' will fit , they DO NOT . Never buying any Surebonder products again .
 This looks like a great idea but its to light weight , wo n't hold up under use . It broke the first time i used it , i did n't even get the first hole drilled . If the drill binds during drilling the cable twists into a knot and its no longer useable .
 The shaft broke the first time I used it . It was n't worth a fraction of what I paid for it . If it had been $ 10 I still would have felt ripped off.I understand that some products break or that some are defective , but I based my review on the overall poor design . I doubt a replacement would have done better .
 I purchased this item thinking that I found a tool that would be an asset for installing old work recessed lighting . I was so wrong , the first time I went to use it it broke and I was drilling on a less than 90 degree angle . The flexible extension wrapped around my wrist and something inside the chuck shaft snapped . Total use time less than 2 minutes . Since I didnt use it the second I bought it the return policy expired and any attempts to reach the company have never been answered.It only has one star because you cant do the review with none .
 The first time I ordered the product it came as a keyless chuck and no comparrison to the picture on your website . I returned it and I received the same product as the first time . I threw it away.Eazypower 30167 40-Inch Flexible Drill Extension with 1/4-Inch Keyed Chuck
 The product I received was not the one advertised ! Textbook perfect example of `` bait and switch `` The one sent does not have an attached keyed chuck , it has a friction chuck that does not work well at all.This chuck will open up and send your inserted tool flying.I 've used two pliers to tighten it as tight as I dare without breaking something.This gives me a decent amount of usage time before it loosens up again.The chuck is not permanently attached to the extension , it just snaps into the end , and not well . It falls out very easily when being used.The hand held end in the picture appears to be well made , and metal.The one I received is cheaply made of plastic , and will get very warm with moderate use.And become uncomfortably HOT to hold under extended use . -LRB- note that extended time is 3 to 5 minuets -RRB- The held end is nothing like that pictured.The picture shows the chuck attached directly to the handle.The extension I received has a 5 inch extension from the handle to where the chuck attaches.Add 1 1/4 inches for the length of the chuck and another 2 to 4 inches for the length of your attached tool and you now have around 8 inches from your hand the end.The combination of the wobble that this creates and the distance from hand to work makes any real control over your tool virtually impossible.Purchased this to buff out chrome and stainless steal on my Harley.Not likely to be used due the fear of scratching something because of the lack of control or when either the chuck or buffing tool goes flying.I do n't think it is worth the price and aggravation involved in returning this item.What a waste of money.Let my poor choice save you from making the same mistake .
 You need to update your picture - the one I received did not look like the picture and has too long of an extension from the handle so it wobbles when you use it .
 Mine worked for a couple of weeks . I was using it with a 4 inch wire wheel driven by a 1/4 horse motor to remove rust . All was well until it caught on something . It then turned into a pretzel and self destructed . Maybe these need a clutch of some sort to protect them . It 's a shame because it 's a great idea .
 I received this switch and it is yellowed from sun exposure or whatever ... . I was going to use it with a bank of switches , but I will not use it due to the yellowing of the switch . Why would they mail this out to customers when there 's obviously a problem ? Even the packaging was discolored . I will be returning it .
 The first one I received worked twice . -LRB- I mean 2 staples ! -RRB- I called the manufacturer and was told that they were sensitive to input voltage . I plugged it into the washer/dryer outlet and it still did n't work . When I called Northern Tool for a refund , they said for an item of that price range they would just send me a new one and I should throw away the first one . The second one came but I 'm not impressed , and it also works better plugged directly to a ` strong ' outlet . One can not always provide this kind of accommodation to a stapler , so I am intend to return this one for a refund and get my previously reliable old Arrow repaired .
 Bought this to install porch screens and wooden screen molding . Plastic case opened at the seam which disabled the attached steel staple channel and driver . This stapler broke after firing fewer than two dozen 1/4 '' staples ! Never got a chance to see if the brad nailer would have worked to install the screen molding . Selected this unit because my Surebonder manual stapler has worked so well .
 This Staple gun does n't shoot the staples in far enough and it jams constantly . It might have just been a Defective one but I 'm going to return it for a refund and buy a different brand .
 I purchased this product because it is capable of using brads and pins as well as staples . However , brads and pins are no where to be found and the company that shipped the item -LRB- Northern Tool -RRB- does not respond to my inquiries . Needless to say I am dissatisfied .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 Working in Afghanistan I purchased 12 of these locks to secure our 20 & 40 foot containers . At first they seemed fine but I quickly learned 3 major problems that have convinced my to not buy these again . 1 -RRB- Half of the locks in a very short period of time developed a problem with the tumblers . When you turn 1 all 4 turn . You have to set the first number and hold it with your finger and then set the second and hold it too until you have set all 4 . 2 -RRB- Being in the weather -LRB- dust and rain -RRB- these locks got very difficult to operate . Some would not close , others became difficult to pull open while others had tumblers that became very difficult to read and turn . 3 -RRB- I have learned of an easy way to open this lock.This particular master lock I would not purchase again . I am still a fan of Master and this is the only lock that I have used over the years that any problems . If you need this type of lock look somewhere else .
 I bought these to use on 6 AWG stranded wire . The first wire I tried these on nicked the wire . The next 2 wires I tried them on , it worked fine . After that it would never strip the insulation off the wires . I had to keep doing it over and over , twisting the tool around and around but it still would n't cut through the insulation all the way around . When I finally got the insulation off , it was not a clean cut but very ragged like a mouse chewed it off . Awful product .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 The bubble is 2x the size of the hashmarks it is supposed to fit into ... I lost my packing slip so I did n't return it . Sitting on shelf in garage , never used .
 I saw this amateur video of testing Nikken 's water and PH of water from different sources.What puzzled me was how does adding some water from the nikken bottle to an already acidic water to change its PH is supposed to gives us a more pure water ??! It 's obvious that a chemical reaction is taking place -LRB- otherwise the water PH in the glass would n't change -RRB- . So in fact we 're changing the water PH by adding more chemicals to the existing chemicals of a tap water.Also be mindful of the fact that since it 's an MLM company there 's probably a lot of incentive for its members to give it rave unscientific reviews .
 I wish I had known that the products from this seller are greatly reduced because they are similar to but not exactly as seen in the photograph . The product can be missing company logos , patented features that are important to it 's function . But the company was extremely gracious in offering a refund and explaining the discrepances to me .
 I searched for the best water purification technique available primarily because I was shocked at the state of our drinking water and I could n't just go on blindly dumping chemicals into my body . My criterion was to remove all added chemicals from my drinking water including Fluoride and as an Engineer with a scientific background I needed scientific backing.Note
 I tasted this water at a bookstore , that also sold these devices and became immediately intrigued by taking a more active role in ensuring that I drink the safest water possible . For sure , filtering your own tap water is the most economical and greenest way to go , but very few companies will give you independent test results to let you know exactly what 's being filtered and what is n't . After much research , I ended up purchasing the BerkeyLight system to ensure that my water is safe to drink -LRB- even in hostile conditions ! -RRB- and I added the Nikken minerals/magnet `` technology '' to this system . I think this gives me the best of both worlds at a MUCH more affordable price . I can now make awful tasting San Diego tap water delicious . Also , I got some strips to measure the pH level of the tap water vs. what came out of my Berkey and the alkaline levels seem to change quite a bit . So , I think this Nikken system has some cool ideas worth trying , but I just do n't think it 's smart to trust my water purification/filtration process to a company that does n't publish -LRB- independent -RRB- lab results , when this should be so easy for them to do .
 I recently came across this water filtration system from one very nice Nikken distributor who swears by it . I decided to give it a try . After following all the instructions and assembling the product , the water was extremely slow to trickle through the systme
 Overall the system is easy to use once you get it all assembled . I had a hard time believing a lot of the Nikken claims to this . My kids all thought it tasted weird . I periodically had to clean it all out . That was a pain with all the lava rocks . We ended up ditching the system .
 After a few months of use I went on vacation . I came home to find algae in all of the parts and the unit was n't any where close to direct sunlight . Makes me wonder about the quality of the water I had been drinking prior to vacation . Yuck ! When looking for Customer Service help on their website , there 's no trouble shooting or company email available and no one answered the phone when I called.To top it off all of the parts are plastic and Nikken could n't be bothered to put a recycle symbol on any of them . Now I 'm left with a unit that is n't healthy and will continue to contaminate even after I toss it . Nikken is not customer friendly or environment friendly .
 This product looks better than most soap dispeners but mine worked for less than a month . The soap compartment leaked into the battery compartment . The batteries were ok but the pump stopped working.I e-mailed service@jeallton for warranty info but have heard nothing from them . The warranty is for one year and it is too late to return it to Amazon so I 'm hoping Allton will stand behind their product.UPDATE
 The dispenser is in the kitchen and it dispenses soap sporadically for no apparent reason . This happens frequently during the day and night . It happens whether someone is in the kitchen or not . It makes a noise when the soap is being dispensed so we can hear it from the next room . I had to put a small bowl in front of the dispenser to catch the soap , which defeats the purpose .
 Great looking piece , but it only looks good . Just after a few uses -LRB- three -RRB- , the unit stopped working . The unit leaked all the soap out of the bottom into the battery compartment . What a mess ! I did n't even have it a month .
 I originally bought five -LRB- 5 -RRB- of the chrome look models -LRB- now discontinued -RRB- from JE Allton about one year ago . Within 1 month , I returned two that were defective - one did n't work at all and the other started to leak soap into the bottom battery compartment and began to rust . I replaced one of them , for a total of four in our home . In the next two months , the motor of another one started to run continuously without reason . I contacted the manufacturer for a replacement because it was within the one year warranty , but beyond the store 30-day return policy . The company representative said they would send out this white model -LRB- new at the time -RRB- . Months later , still having not received the replacement , I contacted the company again , only to find out that the representative left the company , but no one else from the company bothered to follow up regarding its defective product . The company would not replace the dispenser since it was past the one year warranty ... even though they were the ones who let the time run out . I am down to three dispensers and will gladly replace them with another brand as soon as they break . I would be more upset with this product and lack of customer service , but I originally purchased the items at a discount store . So , I just think of the dispensers as disposable - too bad .
 At first this worked great ! After about 6 months , it sporadically dispensed soap until it emptied itself and still kept trying to dispense . I changed batteries thinking that was the problem to no avail . Machine still tried to dispense , even when empty unless I pulled the batteries to stop it . I contacted Allton to no avail . I am replacing it , but am researching for a better product . But , I got ta say - the concept rocks !
 I think I would have been happy , if they had said this does not work over 4500 feet , but they did n't ... . I purchased it , then found out that you need a `` dual regulator '' , `` 100 pound propane bottle '' , etc. then after all that expense and it still would n't work , they asked my husband , `` What is your altitude ? '' and found out that if you are over 4500 feet it does n't work at all !!!! So now I am having to send it back , but they are paying for the shipping , but it took almost two weeks to get it in the first place , so how long before I get my money back ?????
 Had our builder install this in our guest home six years ago and now the plastic washer and o-ring inside have failed causing it to freeze up . We can not move the faucet from side to side even using considerable force . I called Kohler to have it replaced under their lifetime warranty and instead of replacing the faucet , they took over a month to send the two parts which will supposedly fix it . And , I have to do it myself unless I want to pay a plumber $ 100 to do it . Plus , there are no assembly or disassembly instructions posted on the site so I had to call Kohler and have a phone tech try to explain how to disassemble this over the phone . Fair service at best . Next time buy Moen !
 Worn toggle on top after one year . Handle broke at 18 mths . Kohler is sending replacement but will be 7-10 days with no water in the kitchen . Second kohler to go bad in 5 years . For over $ 200 you would think they could make it out of metal not plastic !
 Try seeing an exploded view of the sprayer and you 'll see the image in a partial view . When you can finally work thru their idiotic website you see the exploded view can not be adjusted to see ALL the component parts , hence , making it impossible to view the needed parts much less be able to order them . Do they really think we 'll just give up and buy a new one of their over priced faucets instead?Not me , I 'll go back to a cheaper Delta or whatever ... It 'll last longer and if I ca n't get parts it wo n't cost over $ 300 to replace again , after only 2 years yet !!!
 This faucet got hung up and would n't swivel easily -LRB- grime in the base -RRB- . I turned the faucet from the left sink to the right it snapped off at the base . Beneath the stainless steel outside , the structure of the faucet is plastic and that 's what snapped . The stainless metal outside is just a facade and is n't structural.Why ca n't someone make a solid metal faucet that will last as long as the house ? Kohler once meant quality . Not any more . Will never buy Kohler again .
 The core body of this faucet under the swiveling base is made of a hard , brittle , white-yellow plastic which is evidently not durable enough for its purpose . It shattered 8 years after installation one morning when the tap was being turned from one basin to the other - an ordinary operation that occurs multiple times a day . I called Kohler support who said the replacement parts would be $ 109 . A new faucet sells for $ 170 - $ 300 on the web . Kohler 's warranty would not cover it because you have to be the original owner with a receipt , so they suggested it would be better value to go out and buy a new item , then I would have a warranty . The agent said if I had simply claimed to be the original owner they would have sent the replacement parts for free . Since I was honest , they could not . Do they really think we will pay upwards of $ 200 for another Kohler after this experience ? Very disappointed with such low quality materials and short life on a prestigious brand name - it had seemed like a positive selling feature with the house , but turned out not to be .
 As others have written here ... started leaking after less than a year . The cost to fix a small , but inadequately designed part costs more than the faucet .
 I purchased 2 of these faucets for my custom kitchen . They are poor faucets at best . I have the polished brass and the finish on one of my faucets has started to `` peel '' away . As it turns out the polished `` brass '' on the pull out is actually a brass colored plastic film . Water got behind it and now its peeling away . NOTE the Kohler Warranty ... the finish is not covered ... so they know its a poor product . In addition the water flow is the worst I have ever seen . This thing runs at a trickle . The button for the spray is almost a gooey rubber and I have had to replace both of them because the rubber breaks down and they get sticky and crack . After 2 years of use both faucets have begun to lock up when you try to swivel them left to right . One of the faucets has locked so tightly that its now breaking lock down nut under the sink ... as such , I 'm shopping for a new faucet ... Rest assured it wont be a Kohler !
 Our Kohler faucet is only 4 years old and the O-ring has failed . Like one of the other reviewers mentioned , the faucet will not turn from side to side when this occurs . Kohler sent us the replacement parts and an e-mail with step-by-step instructions and photos . Unfortunately , the body will not disassemble and the faucet will have to be replaced . Kohler is closed for the weekend and I 'm not sure whether I will waste my time installing another Kohler or replace it with a more reliable brand . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this faucet back in 2002 . The looks of the unit are great -LRB- w / have the brushed nickel faucet . -RRB- However , as similar reviews have indicated , the quality of this unit is fair at best . We have taken full advantage of their lifetime warranty repair service . We have replaced the faucet handle three times , and now the base of the faucet has locked in place -LRB- it will not swivel from left to right any longer . -RRB- At this point , I have asked them to send me a brand new one as I am sick of refurbishing the old unit.If I new what a pain this faucet was and had to replace it every three years , I would have not purchased it .
 While we 've had this faucet for just under a year and have n't yet experienced some of the others ' problems , I will say that the decrease in water pressure is the absolute show-stopper for me ; my wife makes daily threats to rip it out by its -LSB- blank-blank -RSB- . We were n't privy to any reviews before ordering this model , and chose it for the Kohler name , basic design and , importantly , its polished nickel finish -LRB- which is mercifully still intact -RRB- . It will soon be replaced .
 I bought this faucet -LRB- in stainless steel finish -RRB- because I liked the look and because it was not as huge as most of the faucets on the market . I 've been using it six months , and I 'm not very happy with it . Here are the things I do n't like : First , the flow is so slow it takes forever to fill a pot . The spray and stream have about the same flow rate , and there 's no way to increase it without removing the screen assembly with pliers.Second , the button for switching between spray and stream is covered with a rubbery/plasticky material that retains fingernail marks and looks like it 's developing a crack . So far the crack is just on the surface -LRB- and might just be a fingernail mark ; I ca n't tell -RRB- , but at only six months , it does n't inspire confidence that the faucet will last for years . The mechanism for switching is fairly stiff , so I have to press quite hard and grope around under the rubber to try to get the button -LRB- especially going from spray to stream -RRB- , and then I sometimes leave a fingernail mark -LRB- though my nails are short -RRB- . Finally , all the rings and ledges that give it the sort of old fashioned look catch water , which dries , and leaves a residue , and the cracks are hard to clean ; have to press a dishcloth into the grooves with my fingernail . There are four or five places on the faucet that need this treatment , and it usually does n't happen in my house!In summary , it has a nice look and a nice finish , but I 'd definitely pick a different faucet -LRB- and particularly a different design for the switch -RRB- if I had it to do over .
 Had the house built with Fairfax faucets in the polished Nickel throughout . And we have had trouble in several places . The latest is this faucet . After three different people pulled the faucet apart -LRB- me , a friend and a plumber -RRB- and put it back together , it 's still leaking . Changed the O-ring , the cartridge , cleaned the contact gaskets . Called the company and they 're sending out a `` spacer kit '' which will supposedly solve the problem . Except it 's out of stock -- at Kohler . I might get it in two weeks . After another service call , I 'll be out of 140 bucks , and no guarantees it 'll work . Of course , I can try to fix it myself . At least I would not have dented up the metal pull-out hose by trying to pull out the faucet while the hose was still threaded through it , like the plumber did and put two nice dents in the hose . Honestly . Why ca n't things be made to last like they used to ? Kohler is all about the look , but I 've been disappointed in the quality .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 Sheerflow Gutter Filters wo n't keep the rain water from flowing over the edge of your gutter . Just installed a couple months ago and every time it rains , the gutters drip water all along the edge . I 'll be taking the gutter filters off before it gets freezing because the weight of the icicles will be pulling the gutter off the house ! Sorry , but I 'm not satisfied with this product when it rains .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 We bought this drill to do some light projects around our new home . Unfortunately after just two months the battery is no longer holding a charge . We 've tried different outlets that we know are working all to no avail . Save your money and get something else !
 The following is copied from the product advertisement text : `` Product DescriptionBLACK and DECKER CORDLESS DRILL * 7.2 volts * 1/2 '' chuck size * Ni-CD battery * 2 speed reversible * Mid handle design * Keyless chuck * 2 year warr `` I purchased this drill specifically because of the stated 1/2 '' chuck size , even though I had doubts about the accuracy of that claim . Should have stuck with my gut feeling , I bought the drill and it 's NOT a 1/2 '' inch chuck , but rather a 3/8 '' inch chuck as I suspected . Hardly worth the price of return shipping to send back a $ 20 throwaway drill . I 'm disappointed .
 I am in Australia and bought one from Amazon . The charger was faulty . Amazon asked me to contact Black & Decker . But I can not send them any information because the site declined my message because I do n't have State code filled in . Tried to look for the same input/output charger . Either the charger cost more than $ 20 or the cheaper ones are DC output . Donate $ 20 to Amazon ... ...
 I read the directions , I bought bits and this thing sucks . Honestly , I 'm only using it on plaster walls and it does n't even penetrate those ! The only thing I 'm using it for now is gettng the hole started so I can manually crank in the screw . It does n't have enough power to even drill a dang hole in which to put a brace for the screw . Would never recommend one , with so little power/umph .
 As a screwdriver it is adequate , but in the drill function , it drills too slowly to be adequate.It does not come with a screwdriver bit.The keyless chuck does not grip tight enough to use some drill bits .
 not good for heavy work is too soft I dont like it is only for very simple works !! too slow !
 i charged this thing for about a day , next day , used it for about 5 minutes and the battery was all drained .
 i am really disappointed with this item , i live in malta , and the mains charger we use over here is eu type 3 pin plug , and same came us type 2pin flat , besides , same drill is not charging at all , after giving it 16 hours , and the little it charges , it is not worth as a screw driver , i have paid for it a lot of money through dhl , but it is not worth a cent , if i could give 00 rating i would becouse it would really suit this drill , i am really disappointed .
 Picked one of these up at the Borg to hang some curtains . The dumb drill can not be set on its base without it falling forward towards the chuck . That means you wo n't be able to sit it on the window ledge , or any other narrow spot . It was so annoying that I took it back.Really dumb design flaw . Do n't buy this drill .
 I just pitched one of these . After about two years battery would no longer hold its charge . Case is sealed . Batteries can not be replaced . Works ok for many jobs , but its disposable .
 This 7.2 V cordless drill crapped out in less than 2 years . Notice anything in the packaging about batteries ? I had to remove 8 screws to disassemble the whole drill . There are what looks like 6 little round NI-CD 4/5sc1000 batteries . I 've spent 20 minutes and I 'm not finding replacements - not even on the Black & Decker site . This is my 2nd `` cordless '' product . I do not like them . The 1st one they discontinued the battery ! With an electric drill I grab an extension cord and go to work . Now I have a small project & I 'm screwing around trying to find replacement rechargeable batteries . And if I do find them , you can bet they 'll be at least 1/2 the price of what the darn drill cost to begin with . Convenient ? Not unless you use it everyday & keep it charged . I have to wait & charge the thing every time I use it . Cordless is not for me anymore ! Regards , Tim
 The drill seemed fine for the initial charge , but on charge # 2
 Another disappointment from the `` weaker sex . '' However , I am not upset that this drill is top heavy and falls over . I 'm upset that no one , NO ONE , ever tbought to mention that you need to buy a drill bit along with the drill . The `` manual '' is also pathetic and totally incomplete . Okay ladies , go right now and give your man a huge kiss and hug . No one considers women as potential customers . Phooey .
 It can `` drill '' into your drywall and it can do simple things like build cheap furniture , but this thing ca n't drill into a wood beam if its life depended on it . All I wanted to do was mount my TV and it ended up destroying my screws . Do n't waste your money . Save $ 20 bucks and buy a better drill . I 'm returning mine ASAP . If you are going to buy it though , at walmart it 's only $ 17 bucks . But do n't buy it , really .
 This was awarded to me as an employee reward for five years ' service . Nice to know they value me LOL . I used it once - and as others noted , it has no power and is awkwardly balanced . Put it away for a few months , then needed it for a little project . Wo n't work , wo n't charge . When you plug the charger in there is no indicator light , and the suspicious instructions anticipate your problem as they suggest if it is n't charging try another socket . Well , wo n't charge in three working outlets . Guess it is a doorstop now . Too bad , B&D used to be at least decent . Never again . Under warranty which is a joke because it would cost more than it is worth to mail back , which is B&D 's scam .
 Even a FIFTH-GRADER would need a better tool .1 . No replaceable battery - SO - when in MIDDLE of a small job , SHE GOES DEAD and you have to charge UNTIL TOMORROW .2 . NOT variable speed - - I knew that when I ordered it , but , thought it would not make a difference - - IT DOES - A LOT ! 3 . THIS tool SHOULD NOT have the BLACK & DECKER label on it - - it 's like some of the REALLY CHEEZY STUFF I sometimes buy online from a DISCOUNT house .4 . My poots have more power .
 This product may be good for some uses but for mine it just did n't have the power to do the job .
 by the person you gave it to every single time they try to use it . I have tried to use this product to install a medicine cabinet in the bathroom as well as assemble a cheap set of shelves . It was unable to drill through the backing of a cheap medicine cabinet . It was unable to drill drywall . Not worth the aggravation .
 I have had three in three years The charger never works it will not hold a charge . short term fine but do not expect any long term use .
 This drill is okay for light wood drilling but if you have a serious job like drilling through hard wood or metal then this is not the drill for you . I recommend a 14 volt one for the bigger jobs or dont go cordless.These end up being throwaway drills because the battery dies after about 16 months and wont hold a charge then its cheaper to toss the whole thing and buy a new one then to purchase the battery for so much money .
 I had this exact drill about two years ago , and seeing the average review absolutely baffles me . I literally could not stand for this , and had to do my part to inform the public of the true story associated with this piece of junk . This drill has a battery pack that can not be removed . It does not stand on its own . It will not hold a charge for more than a week . It barely has enough power to drill into drywall ; the hole is most likely a result of pushing rather than drilling . The chuck wobbles . I struggle to think of one thing about this drill that does not absolutely suck . I suppose it being black makes it harder to spot than the traditional orange of B&D garbage , not much comfort there though . Honestly I could understand folks giving this 3 stars as for some it may seem average , but for anyone to give it 5 stars is lunacy . 5 stars means no complaints and if you have no complaints about this drill you have never touched a power tool in your life . Get a decent 18v at HF for the cost of this piece and use it until you are ready to drop a couple hundred on one worth buying .
 Thankfully , I 've never bought one of these , because every rechargeable battery * will * die.It 's not if , but when . A non-replaceable battery means an early death-sentence for an otherwise nice little tool . Having said all that , I collect mine from GoodWill . Guess why they 're there ? : - -RRB- Now , I 'm not buying them to use as a drill . Since I know the battery will be useless , out it goes . In goes an H-bridge motor-controller and a micro-controller , and now I have a programmable winch for an automatic-chicken-coop door opener . -LSB- ... -RSB- So for that , I 'd rate these little buggers as Five-star junk-store finds ! But would I ever buy one NEW ? Absolutely not ! It would be against my principles . But this goes further . I could n't even find the official milliamp-hour rating on the batteries , because I could n't even find a replacement internal battery-pack as a spare part online!Anyhow , if you have one of these , and it 's dead , and you ca n't find a replacement battery for it , PLEASE RECYCLE THESE with goodwill or some other e-junk outfit . Hopefully more people will realize that they make great little -LRB- gear-driven already ! -RRB- winches or actuators for home projects and rescue them from death-by-landfill . By the way , someone previously here said he was done with cordless ... This drill 's finite lifespan is no reason to give up cordless . Just accept that your batteries have a finite lifespan , and never purchase non-interchangeably-battery-powered tools.DeWalt has the most tools compatible with their 18V battery line , even backwards-compatible Lithium batteries ! < jaw-drop > but the batteries are overall much bigger than a 9099KC user would probably want . So , if you 're looking for small and good , I 'd go for replaceable Lithium-Polymer -LRB- LiPo -RRB- batteries from a reputable brand . Makita comes to mind . -LRB- Always insist on , and support interchangeability in your tool batteries -RRB- Lastly , if someone finds specs for the batteries in these 9099KC 's , or a replacement source , please reply .
 I bought this refurbished . It would not hold a charge that long and trying to drill holes in my entertainment cabinet drained it in no time .
 THE PRICE ON THIS ITEM IN 1/2010 WAS 26.00 ONE YEAR LATER IT IS 50.00 WHAT A JOKE.Racor HFB-2R Double Horizontal Folding Bike Rack with Shelf
 For a weekend repair job this saw works fairly well . Make a few practice cuts before trying to make a precise cut . The tracking guide notches are not accurate ! I would also suggest buying a spare blade . The factory blade will not last very long before it becomes too dull to cut cardboard . I managed only 15 2X4 cuts before it went bad.The good
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 In 70 $ you can get best in Home depot with the blade . This comes without the blade adn you have to order a seperate blade of 15-20 $ 95 $ is not worth .
 Beautiful , is n't it?Don ' t be fooled , as I was . This item is as filmsy as a soda can . When you connect all three parts together the handle comes a loose from face plate . This a not a true drawer pull for customers to daily use . It is only worth displaying for show because it is thin , weak and cheap ! I wih I could rate it a zero . Would not recommend ... unless you want it just for display .
 The wire stripper included with this item is the worst one I have ever seen . Cheap construction . The hinge was so tight you can barely open it . Impossible to open and close with one hand . The assortment of connectors is not bad . The connectors are mediocre quality and probably OK for the `` not-so-serious-hobbyist '' . Bottom line - you get what you paid for .
 Good job I had a crimp tool already - the one supplied is nothing short of pure garbage . In fact that where it ended up after about 5 minutes.The crimps are ok though .
 The tool itself was rusted where each handle connects , it is hard to operate and does not close fully . The spot to strip the wires is not sharp enough to cut through the plastic coating on any wire . The connection kit is low quality , most connecters ca n't be crimped on correctly . I do not suggest that anyone buy this product unless you are buying it for a child who wishes to be an electrician one day .
 buy this item for all the connections , do not buy for the strippers . they are just horrible . they take a lot of force to open and dont cut wires too well . also there are n't enough compartments in the box to fit all the connections separately wish is weird haha . find0 different strippers !
 This seems like a good deal , but once I received them I had two of the connectors break off while crimping them which leaves me with some concern as to whether they will keep a good connection after being there for a while ? I have to be honest and say that nothing about these really leaves a good taste in my mouth ! The shipping was very fast!However shipping is a small part of it if you can not feel confident with their connectivity !!! I am giving them 2 stars ; but that is for shipping , not quality !!! Thanks !
 Needed the terminals and a spare crimper.The terminals are ... terminals -- with inflexible , clumsy insulation . After using a bunch of them in a project I wound up clipping them out and using other ones . Horrible.The crimper is ... a paperweight.I do n't have a tension scale , but my guess is 5 pounds to open them.I 'm sure I 'll find a use for the case .
 It was awful buy ! none of the quick connects went together , they were all mix and matched . The crimper its self was poorly made also .
 You get what you pay for , I guess . I picked this item because it was the cheapest one I could find that was compatible with cheap shipping . The wire stripping tool is so poorly made that there is a visible gap about 2-4mm between the where the two sides of the wire stripping area is supposed to meet ; making it completely useless . The portion of the tool for wire cutting is meets poorly with the opposite edge as well , but is still usable . The crimping part of the tool seems adequate at first glance . I have n't tried it . I probably wo n't , since I 'm going to go out and buy a proper tool and take this as a lesson learned .
 My order was from the battery geek . The wire stripper is hard to open and close . I probably would n't go for this one if your goal is to have a good wire stripper .
 Great set of crimp connectors . The stripper/crimper tool was a joke . The stripper would n't close enough to strip from the smaller gauge wire and the tool was hard to open and close , let alone use . Luckily I had another crimper/stripper handy.Tip
 Quality is not good . Better to spend more and take branded equipment . The item delivered to me was rusted so i returned it .
 I have never left a review on any product before , but I felt it necessary to warn anyone not to buy this product.This is a very inferior replacement product , and Delta should be ashamed to put their name on it . The Delta Venetian Bronze flush lever I replaced was a superb well-built product that failed after many years of use . I thought I would be getting the same quality of Delta product . I was wrong . When it is installed the handle wobbles inside of the sleeve and can not be tightened due to the way it is designed . When you flush it feels like the handle is about to fall off . I thought I would be getting Delta quality but this is just one more inferior Chinese made product branded with a well known name . Next time I will look for MADE IN USA .
 The Victorian Collection is installed in our newly remodelled home . It looks great , but so far 2 of these handles have broken when trying to flush the toilet.This product seems to be OK for a few weeks , and then it breaks .
 The Delta Providence Venetian Bronze flush lever PRO60-VBRseemingly shares this problem
 This lever does n't install correctly . I called the company and they confirmed that it is deffective and suggested I return it.I ca n't judge how long the company knew about this and whether they are making a reasonable effort to recall - but certainly do n't buy this particular product .
 This broke while we were trying to intsall in . It 's really not `` made to fit '' any toilet . Made very cheaply . Do n't waste your money !
 This toilet lever is a piece of crap . Do n't waste your time or money . Very aggravating trying to install it . It 's so loose on the toilet , you think it will fall out . You also ca n't install it so it looks nice -- Very poor for Delta -- they should re-design the thing or quit selling it .
 Perfect match for the other accessories . Handle made of cheap cast material and snapped off while flushing the toilet .
 Did a minor bathroom upgrade & purchased this to match the rest of the bathroom hardware & fixtures and found this Delta 75060-RB toilet tank lever to be very poorly made . The handle screws into the back plate ... big design flaw there . It was stripped within 3 days of installation . There were only about 3 threads total on the shank so not much leverage . Purchased another exactly like this at Home Depot and got the exact same result . Finally ended up buying a close look-alike that cost less than half what the Delta brand did at Home Depot and it 's been in and working perfectly for months now . It too screws into the back plate but the threaded shank is longer , heavier and therefore stronger than the lightweight pot metal Delta used for their handle . Save your money unless you have welding skills and like to fix what you 've just bought . This is one time `` made in Taiwan '' was better than Delta 's `` made in China '' . Tsk , tsk Delta ! Your name used to be synonymous with quality .
 I loved this handle for a couple of weeks . It was beautiful and matched the other Delta victorian items . Then one night , my husband flushed the toilet , and the handle snapped in two . I wish I had saved my money .
 The finish is very nice but once it is installed , the lever is loose and wobbly and not tight to the tank . The lever does not operate separately from the base -LRB- the entire piece must pivot to operate -RRB- . After using for a few days , the lever broke at it 's thinnest part . So we returned it and received a complete refund -LRB- very happy about the service there - exceptional -RRB- .
 Loved the look of this toilet tank lever , but after installing it and using it for a day , the handle broke off . Another frustrating issue about this lever is the loose fit . It does n't fit snugly against the tank and wiggles with use . Very disappointing ...
 I ordered 7 boxes to do kitchen floor . It was to be a temp job since I plan to re-do the entire kitchen next spring , but wanted something to cover the floor until then . After laying about 4 rows , I started see a color difference in 2 of the rows . I took it to be just a shadow from an adjacent window and finished laying the remaining tiles . Once the whole job was complete , I had 3 different people come in and look at the floor , and they could see a color difference in several rows . Some of the tiles are a whiter background then others . It might not sound so bad , but visually it is noticeable , Needless to say I am glad this is just a temporary project.The price I paid for these tiles were reasonable to me since I knew I would be pulling them up in about a year or less so it works from that prospect , I can only guess that the tiles were made on different lots or different dyes from the factory , whatever the case , , they are a mix of colors .
 Had an arc jump from this unit while I was attempting to plug a component in . I thought that I was going to fry my DVD player .
 It came busted . Very disappointing . The first time that Amazon did this to me . I did n't bother returning it .
 There is no provisions for mounting the outlet on the back . I suppose you have to just leave it lay on the floor . Never seen one without it !
 works fine ... but probably could find a comparable product for a better price at your local store .
 almost burned my house down . Do n't buy . There was a recall on these . I have picks of it ... the whole inside melted . I did n't have anything on it and only two lamps plugged into it.It even burned the floor beneath .
 It worked well for a number of years . No complaints . It did what it was supposed to do ... until it did n't . I put my infant to sleep last night and smelled something odd in his room . I quietly looked around -LRB- as to not wake him -RRB- to discover smoke pouring out of the plug . Belkin 's response ? `` Sorry , its not under warranty . '' Needless to say , use at your own risk !
 In fairness I 'm not sure how much protection this product is supposed to supply but here 's what happened.My Imac , my Time Capsule and my Motorola modem were all plugged into it when we had a momentary power outage . The modem and the Time Capsule are fine but the power supply on the Imac had to be replaced.Guess it 's time to shell out a few more bucks for a replacement surge protector .
 When I purchased this product I thought I was getting a black fabric mesh that adhered to the blacktop when covering the cracks . Instead , it 's a black mesh plastic-like fabric with big holes that goes over the cracks and then you still have to apply blacktop coating over it . I thought there were no holes and that the fabric covers the cracks . I was n't planning on purchasing additional materials and having more work to do . If I 'm going to fill in the cracks I might as well just fill them in with blacktop filler . I notice that many companies and/or Amazon do n't provide enough description of the product to know exactly what you 're getting - such was the case with this item . I did n't return the product because I would not get my shipping costs refunded , so it would n't be worth it .
 I was happy with this surge protector until last night when we had a power surge . Using this unit properly -LRB- phone inputs/outputs , etc. -RRB- still allowed the power surge to damage my modem .
 I used my SurgeMaster for 6 years and it either did it 's job , or I did n't need it . Living in an area with a lot of power failures , I always have some concern about surges . When we had a power failure last December , it took out the power supply on my Macintosh -LRB- as well as my brand new Trivection ovens -RRB- . Luckily , replacing the Mac power supply was n't an expensive repair . I sent a claim into Belkin for the repair , and it was denied because they found nothing wrong with the SurgeMaster . I guess it was just a coincidence that my power supply died at the time of a power outage . ;--RRB- Needless to say , I wo n't be buying any other Belkin products any time soon .
 This item did not work to it 's high rated review . It does not `` stream '' out like a mist , it shoots thin lines like spider man shoots a web out . One straight stream . NOT Happy at all . And it did NOT stop any of the leaks . There are other products out on the market that work better .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I had an AC device short out and blow the main fuse while plugged into a different outlet strip . This Belkin `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip powered my Dell laptop through it 's power supply . The other devices on a different outlet strip on the same circuit survived the surge . Meanwhile , flames shot out of this Belkin `` Surge Protector '' while the laptop suddenly went dark . Amazingly , the power surge rocketed through the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip blowing out its guts in an explosive fireball . After toasting the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip , it fried the motherboard of my Dell laptop . You know there is n't even a fuse in this thing ? It is not ment to be taken apart , which I did anyway . Back carbon coated the inside of the `` Surge Protector '' outlet strip . The tracings on the circuit board were vaporized.Nice job , Belkin . You never really know how well protected you are until a disaster strikes . The amount of protection which Belkin provided me today
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 Definately disappointed , basically a scotts spreader you get at HomeDepot for $ 40 with big tires . Does not throw seed or fertiler any better than my old $ 40 one . Sending it back .
 I have owned 4Earthway Spreaders in the past 25 years and have always been happy with them . My favorite was the large model with large tires . This one 's leaver cord broke the 5th time I used it . I would like to order another large one but I think the company should give me some kind of credit . I 'm sure every product has a lemon or two.s
 I have a 1/2 acre lawn adjancent to a golf course in Smithfield VA. . Our lawn is a fine fescue blend that I work hard to keep in great shape . I 'm not a Master Gardener , but I am a member of the Cypress Creek garden club , and do quite a bit of tropical gardening also -LRB- to see the yard , go to webshots and search for `` landscaping in southeastern virginia '' -RRB- . I bought this spreader after using an old Scott 's spreader that had worn out , hoping that it would be easier to push . It was very easy to assemble , but was missing a nut upon arrival -LRB- luckily I had what I needed on hand -RRB- . I have had great success in greening up my yard by putting down Scott 's Crabgrass Preventer with Halts in February , and I just finished putting down 2 bags of it today . Each bag covers 18,000 sq ft. I am a fairly strong man , and I have to say that this spreader is NOT what I had hoped when I bought it , as I put one bag in at a time , and it about wore me out . I now have a headache from using it , and will replace it with something else before the next time I have to fertilize or overseed the yard.I bought the spreader based on the glowing reviews here on Amazon , and in this case , it was a mistake . One thing I think is a problem is the handle design - it 's not very ergonomic . I believe a `` T '' shaped handle would work much better than the `` U '' shape it has . The current handle does not feel natural when pushing it with a full load -LRB- and by full I mean only 50 lbs , NOT 80lbs as advertised -RRB- , especially when trying to manuever it around corners . I consistently found myself changing hand position , going from holding it with both hands on the cross bar , to changing my hands to holding it on the outside edges . Neither is very comfortable while pushing a heavy load.Also , whenever I hit a dip in the yard , it tends to dip forward letting some of the fertilizer spill out of the front of the bucket when full . If you do n't gather this up , it will cause the grass in that area to die from too much fertilizer.For all the rest who rated it high , I hope you enjoy it , and best of luck with it . For me , I 'm looking elsewhere for my next one .
 When I first got the spreader , I thought , wow , this thing is great . But now , I am regretting my purchase.Pros :1 -RRB- The spreader opening is nicely designed and should allow sufficient spreading . It 's nice that it 's multiple openings . Spreads very nicely.Cons :1 -RRB- I thought the tires would help a lot , but not really . In FL , with St Augustine grass , the rear kick stand bar still drags in the grass and makes it hard to push the spreader .2 -RRB- The mechanism for spreading is on/off with no easy brake like grip . This means you have to THINK about turning it on/off all the time or it just keeps spreading .3 -RRB- My biggest gripe - You are on your own to figure out what the correct setting is to use . I have n't found a single bag of anything that offers a recommended Earthway setting . And earthway only offers ONE table for unknown granule size , and that table is useless . So , it 's really frustrating to know if I am putting down the right amount . Initially I was dropping to much stuff . So now I have to be conservative and I choose a MUCH lower setting than usual , and so I end up with left over and I need to do ANOTHER pass . I have to keep a notepad handy so that I can write down what settings I used with each bag so I finetune my settings . I NEVER had this problem with the cheaper built Scott 's spreaders.And so , that is why I am frustrated . It IS a great spreader . I want to give it 5 stars . But the fact that I actually now spend more time spreading chemicals and having to be like a scientist documenting what I 've done , does n't make me happy at all and that 's why I give it 1 star . I recently bought Talstar , expensive stuff . The earthway chart is so wrong . I wasted so much . Now I need to start out with a small `` weighted '' amount , walk a predetermined area and see if the setting is high or low . Eventually , I 'll get my numbers but the process is EXTREMELY frustrating.I just do n't see why Earthway ca n't test the most popular chemicals themselves and provide a chart . It would make things A LOT easier.If I had to do it all over again , I would just get the scott 's spreader , deal with the fact that the scotts is a cheaper built spreader , but at least I 'd know that I just need to read the instructions on the bag , choose the setting that the bags says , and get the job done quickly and easily . And I 'd get back the very nice taken for granted convenience of a simple brake like lever to turn the spreader on/off easily while walking .
 4/6/2012 I received the spreader with the control handle knob poking out of the box and missing a part . I called up Earthway and they no questions asked are sending me a whole new control knob . I have to replace it but their cust . service person was very nice . When assembled i felt that it was cheaply made esp . for the $ 100 that was spent on it . The handle is way too short and makes maneuvering and using the spreader much more difficult . Lastly . do n't use any type of powdery type product such as Lime because the agitator is much too small to feed the broadcaster . Pelleted lime and grass was good but again that handle needs to be longer , anyone over 5 ' 7 '' is going to find this spreader cumbersome to use .
 I will preface my review by stating that I am new to gardening and this was my first broadcast spreader purchase.Pros
 I bought this Spreader hoping upgrade from the standard Scott 's speader . I used it once in the spring and then went to use it in September and the wheels would turn . Upon further investigation I noticed that the Impeller warped and was hitting the body of spreader preventing the wheels from turning . I bent the impeller , which was very easy to do because the plastic is not rigid , and was able to use the speader , albeit , I 'm not sure how accurate it was.I called Earthway and they sent me a new Impeller without any hassle . But it 's made the same way as the orignial one , filmsy soft plastic , which I 'm sure will warp . Very disapponting .
 I ordered these and when I received them , opened the box to a mess . They were n't in plastic bags and as a result the rings are scattered all over the little bin divided areas . It 's going to take me days to straighten the mess out . I may just chuck the mess and order another brand and hope for the best ... NOT RECOMMENDED !
 Great apparent value ... but only if you want External Snap Rings only ! I needed internal rings , and while the kit pictured internal rings when opened , half the `` pictured '' rings were internal but none of the actual rings were internal . All were external , I am returning these rings .
 I can not believe that I paid over $ 250 for this Plastic Sander ! . Paying over $ 250 , I expected better build quality from Bosch but this is made more of Plastic and I also felt electric Jolt in my hands many times.Build Quality is Sketchy and wo n't last for more than 6 months if you use it over 1 hour a day . I am not sure where $ 250 + prices comes from ? . Check the Ridgid from Home Depot , as it feels solid and does job way better and costs only $ 170 . -LRB- Made in Germany -RRB- . I am returning this one for sure.I loved bosch tools in the past but lately I am returning more Bosch tools and going for Ridgid/Makita/Dewalt brands as I use my tools over 14-20 hours a week and I am feeling that Bosch Tools are over priced and low quality and wo n't last over 1 year.Disappointed with this one .
 If the item says `` In Stock '' you order it overnight shipping because you need it and expect it next day . Then you are told it 's coming soon . No good .
 I am not sure how genuine the reviews posted here are but here are my thoughts on this sander.I bought this 1 week ago and was disappointed with the Build quality of this ` Bosch ' tool . I already own Home Depot Ridgid sander.I did purchase vaccume adapter but this machine is not worth of spending $ 250 . Vaccume adapter keeps on falling and finish quality is OK but not great at both modes . Build Quality of this sander seems ` cheap ' to me and not sure where this $ 250 price comes from.I am not sure if this machine will last 1 year of usage and if you check the Ridgid or festool , you can feel that they are ` Built Tough ' . I will returning this today and will buy Ridgid 6 Sander which is one of the best tool I ever purchased.If you really want a Great RO sander at great price , I would sure avoid this one and would rather buy ` Festool ' for some more bucks or buy Ridgid Sander from Home Depot.Both Ridgid and Festool have worked flawlessly so far and comes with longer 3 year warranty .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 There is a blunt side and a sharp side to these nips . On the first use I was pulling nails out of a timber frame , and sharp side of the pliers just shattered leaving a quarter inch chip in the sharp side . After one days use they no longer cut nails and when you are pulling nails it tracks directly back into the chip . Buy Knipex , costs more but worth it
 I needed a stubby adjustable wrench that would open to 1 inch . This is the only one I could find . The quality is poor , but it 's better than not having the tool . I guess that `` you get what you pay for '' , and this wrench was not expensive .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 The `` plastic '' starter gear broke after less than 15 starts . It seemed to spin faster than the previous starter did , with more power .
 A piece of the casting was broken off when the starter arrived , but it did not affect the mounting or performance , but upon using the starter for the first time , the `` C '' clip that holds the gear in place came off , causing the gear , spring , spring washer and retainer cap to fly off , damaging the gear . Two issues with a new part is unacceptable .
 The reviewer below seems to me to be a hired marketer.I owned this drill for about 1.5 years . In that time , I used it to drill somewhere less than 10 holes - all less than 1/2 '' in diameter into ordinary concrete.After the warranty expired -LRB- No Bosch standing behind it -RRB- , the drill just quit going in forward - it will run all day in reverse , which is n't much use ... Since the cost to repair it , while out of warranty , is darn close to the cost to buy a new one , I have decided not to repair it . Since I started having problems , I have found a number of reviews and web pages of people complaining about the electrical problems of this drill .
 I bought this drill mchine from Good Sam Financial and I am terrible dissapointed in the machine , Amozon allowed this company to advertised this product on they web site with out certifying that the product is in working condition , I received the machine with the chuck not turning properly , with the incorrect allen key , when I wrore this company they admitted that they were aware that the allen key was the wrong one , all this time I am out of pocket with my payment for the machine and secondly I have a machine that is not working , after writing the company on a number of occasions they have refused to return my money in short they have stolen my money one thing for sure I will never buy anything that is second hand again . This company Good Sam Financial is a very dishonest company and should never be allowed to sell any thing via the internet . Corey Butcher , Bridgetown , Barbsdos . I made a very poor decision.Bosch 1199VSRK 8.5 Amp 1/2-Inch Hammer Drill
 I purchased this drill instead of a Milwaukee to save a few dollars and because I read that Bosch hammer drills are superior . I drilled less than 50 holes ranging in size from 5/16 '' to 1/2 '' before it died abruptly ... no smoke , no smell ; it just quit running . It acted like the switch was defective . Because the drill was out of warranty , I decided to open the case and check . The switch checked OK and the brushes and commutator were fine . As other reviews have stated , the motor was bad.Nearly every power tool I own is a Milwaukee . Milwaukees have proven to be reliable for me . Trying to save a few dollars cost me in the long run . Lesson learned .
 Looking for a replacement for my Bosch drill that just died , I ran across this 1199VSRK unit here and must note that the Bosch predecessor to this drill -LRB- the 1194VSR -RRB- just experienced the same `` death by use '' problem . Drilled maybe 10 holes with it , when all of a sudden it lost variable speed control and would only run full tilt . I changed to a smaller bit , as it was running too fast for the larger one and when I next pulled the trigger , the drill ran for about 0.2 seconds and is now dead.Maybe Bosch needs to go back to the electrical design lab and create a better variable speed control module !
 I burned up this drill in less than 10 minutes on the first hole that I drilled . Drill got too hot to touch in less than 5 minutes . I was using a 1 '' bit in masonry . If you need a heavy duty drill , look elsewhere .
 i purchased this drill in december . after using it for a week i noticed that the chuck wobbles slightly . i returned it for a replacement . it also wobbles . if you use a long bit in it the wobble is significant . once the bit drills into your workpiece , the wobble transfers from the bit to the drill and your hands . i 've e-mailed bosch twice about the problem without ever getting a competent reply . i 'll get the milwakee .
 I own a lot of Bosch power tools but this one is a real clunker . I burned out two of them on one day while drilling about 12 lag bolt anchor holes in concerete with a 3/4 '' Bosch masonry bit . Total time on each drill was probably under two hours . After returning the first one and burning out the second , I disassembled it and the wire clip to the field coil was completely burned out . Clearly this is a design flaw with much too small a connector to handle the current this thing draws under load . Powerful , but useless for more than a few minutes work at a time .
 I have to join the others to report that my drill burned out drilling 5/32 '' holes in concrete for Tapcon screws . I did have it for a few years but it did n't get a lot of use . The only mitigating factor here is that I did use the drill to mix thin-set mortar and drywall compound about a dozen times . I was careful not to stress the motor too much when doing this , but it could have caused the early failure . Overall , I 'm a big fan of Bosch tools . I love the planer , jig saw and angle grinder . I hear good things about their rotary hammers too . Second only to Hilti . But I think I 'll try the Milwaukee hammer drill next . It has a five year warranty and I 'll be sure to hold on to my receipt .
 I was drilling 3/4 '' dia holes 2 inches deep in concrete to install a pool cover when the drill just died . First thought my extension cord was unplugged.I have 14 of the 22 hoes complete and had to shut down.I had drilled about ten 3/8 '' dia by 3 '' deep holes about two months ago.In addition , the chuck kept loosening on me.My first Bosch tool and my last .
 Not very gelified . Very thin , did not cover as expected . The color is also very , very white , so it would n't work correctly with pickled oak finish .
 This saw has some great features , but falls far short of the mark.Out of the box I was impressed by the ease of use of the saw 's controls . It looked complicated , but was actually rather intuitive . The front located tilt lever is the best thing ever in a slider saw . The mico-adjust feature was rather cumbersome to use . I found it far faster and easier to just move the turntable to the desired fraction of a degree and then lock the table . I install trim in high end houses for a living and trust me , NOTHING is ever square . The micro adjust feature could have been a good thing . The lock on this saw is flawless by the way . The best I have used requiring just a light twist and having no creep . The saw has plenty of power and a good slide range , cutting stock in excess of 12 '' at 90 degrees.The features are great , but the overall performance is very lacking . When I went to check the saw for trueness I was suprised to find the fence was out of square by in excess of 3 degrees . No big deal I trued the fence and the saw cut great as long as I was at 90 degrees to the edge of the workpiece . This is where the problems started . I checked the tilt detents and they were spot on . The problem was that while cutting compound miters on wide stock the slide action did not seem to be in line with the blade . This caused severe binding and burning resulting in a `` stepped '' cut . Left tilted miters were much better than right tilted miters , but neither was acceptable . The binding/burning seemed to be a by product of two things .1 -RRB- The slide action was not in line with the blade for some reason while the saw was tilted .2 -RRB- There was a great deal of play -LRB- read ; slop -RRB- in both the main arbor bearings and the main up and down pivot -LRB- knuckle -RRB- located directly behind the saw head . -LRB- The slide rod bearings had NO detectable play however -RRB- The slop caused the blade to be able to hunt for a path of least resistence as it sliced through a cut . So the blade would wander causing a wavy cut.This a great idea in a saw and has some great features , but it is not nearly up the standard it needs to be at . I used to do all the machine set ups and tuning for a large volume cabinet shop . Even with this experience and a Forrest blade installed I could not coax this saw to cut a straight line . I lost 6 billable hours over the course of 2 weeks trying to tune this saw . If you are a framer the front tilt feature alone would make this a great saw for you . For any finer work look elsewhere . I own a dozen or so other Bosch tools and they are all top notch and very durable , this saw misses the mark by a wide margin . I returned my saw to tool crib . Their customer service is second to none .
 Let me start out by saying that this saw has some very neat features . That is why I gave it 2 stars . The miter scale has such fat lines that is near impossible to tell exactly where dead center on the angle is . -LRB- Dewalts vernier scale is much better as you can see 1/4 of a degree -RRB- . The micro-adjust feature sounds good , but is cumbersome to use . The blade is garbage . It does leave a real smooth feel , but try cutting a 3 X 3 piece of oak or brazilian cherry and laying a straightedge corner to corner to see that it is not a straight cut . My biggest problem with this saw is `` head flex '' . Even with the slide adjustments so tight that the head will not slide , I can get the blade to move side to side a full 1/16 '' . My old Dewalt DW708 , which this saw replaced after five years of daily use , does not have that much head flex even now . I do like the upfront bevel lock , and the 33.9 degree bevel lock -LRB- not detent -RRB- . But all the neat features in the world will not make a good saw out of one that will not cut straight . The average person may not notice some of this saw 's deficeincies cutting through 3/4 '' base molding , but I am a exacting professional , and when the quality of my work is compromised , such as when cutting a stair rail easement to fit into a gooseneck , I can not tolerate sloppiness . All my work is stain grade , so there is no caulk and paint to cover poor cuts . In my opinion , Bosch should never even have marketed this saw . I know several major woodworking magazines loved both the 4410 and the 4412 , but I will never again trust some idiot writer 's opinion , nor will I ever buy tools sight unseen -LRB- try finding a store that stocks Bosch saws -RRB- again . Tomorrow morning I will be purchasing a new DW708 and this Bosch will be in the trash.P.S . I am keeping my 1587 AVS jigsaw ! Bosh at least makes them well .
 I 've owned lots of Bosch tools over the years and this one really pisses me off . Top of the line tool ? Yeah . Micro adjuster ? useless . Front bevel adjust ? love it . Lock out for miter stops , love it too . But , it does n't cut properly when beveled . I have to work the saw to get a perfect cut . It wo n't cut a straight line when beveled . I am a finish trim carpenter and work with stain grade wood on high end homes all the time and thought a 10 '' might have more precision , not in this case . Fence would come out of square . The slide bar for the gaurd would bind too right at the ball bearing so , it would be difficult to bring the saw down to cut . And under one month out of warrenty the two aluminum pieces that rotate against each other for the bevel , yeah there chewed to hell . It developed an imperfection in two places and it was n't more than 4 swings of the bevel and now it 's junk ! I 'd need to preplace the barrel slide holder and the miter arm that it attaches to . Can fix this one for over half what it cost just over 1 year ago ! I do n't think so . So , now I 'm in the market for a new saw ...
 I was excited about this saw when it first arrived , and it worked well until the warranty expired . When it went out of square , the autorized repair shop , with direction from Bosch , quoted over $ 350 to fix and said even that might not do it . They said it had been dropped or run over by a truck , both of which would be difficult since the saw had been on a stand since it was new . The shop recommended the Makita which surprisingly is made in America . I wo n't be looking to Bosch for quality equipment .
 This saw is not a good tool in my opinion . It has some good ideas but not implemented well . First it is way too bulky for a 10 '' saw . Second , I find the handle to be very non-intuative as well as the front mounted bevel controls . Third I was very surprised by the `` laser '' - it is a battery operated laser in a washer , exactly like the ones you can add to any saw - available at Home Depot . Except this one makes the line 1/32 '' from the actual cut . My Hitachi saw has it 's own laser built in that is totally adjustable to either side of the blade and is easy to set up accurately . It also comes on without the blade spinning so that you can mark a board at any angle and match the angle of the saw to it perfectly with out the blade on . With the Bosch , the saw needs to be spinning for the laser to work . Fourth , the saw has too much movement when the rail is extended all the way even with a really good blade -LRB- the blade that comes with the saw needs to be recycled before use ! -RRB- . I wasted over 600 dollars on this saw which would have paid for almost half of the cost of a Festool Kapex - the only really good miter saw out there . Do n't waste your money on this Bosch , if you ca n't afford a Festool stick with the next best - Hitachi .
 let me begin by saying that i have many bosch tools , and that they all perform very well . however , the miter saw in question is the worst that i have ever used . i am a professional trim carpenter in the tahoe area . in short the saw is over engineered . too many moving parts make for innacurate cuts .
 I would return this item except that the return period has ended . I think Amazon should refund the money from both of these sinks because one of them SPONTANEOUSLY EXPLODED in the middle of the night . My wife was afraid that the second sink would explode so I replaced both with a porcelain type . This item is dangerous and poses a health risk in the even that exploding glass cause skin lacerations . I would under no circumstances recommend this item and believe that Amazon should refund me for both of the sinks I purchased and remove this item .
 I was excited to find this sink - exactly what I was looking for and a great price . It installed easily and worked great for a couple of weeks . My father-in-law was using it - finished brushing his teeth , walked out of the bathroom , and it exploded into thousands of little pieces all over the bathroom . Have no idea why , but definitely wo n't buy another . Very strange !
 The sink was installed two weeks ago by a reputable contractor and was beautiful . My teenaged daughter brushed her teeth on Christmas Eve and left the room 10 seconds before we heard a terrible explosion . We entered the room to find tiny shards of glass everywhere , even embedded in the walls ! Not one piece was left attached . Never , never buy one of these sinks and if you have one , get rid of it . I am thankful that my daughter was not still in there . I ca n't even ponder what would have happened to her face and eyes .
 I was not happy with this product . Yes , it 's inexpensive and you do get what you pay for but these did not even work . The metal is some soft steel and the jaws flex as you crimp yielding very poor crimps . Also , as this is meant for crimping pins I had assumed that the jaws would be designed correctly
 For a Delta product this is not good quality at all . The shower head and cord are cheap plastic and will not stay pointed when it is on the mount and water is running . The head is to small to put out much water . I am returning the item .
 I bought this lock to secure my skis when I 'm in the lodge . The lock itself seems plenty sturdy for what I intended and the cable is thin enough to thread though my bindings . Taylor Security & Lock shipped promptly and the lock arrived within a couple of days . Unfortunately , the keys did n't arrive with the lock which means I had a useless lump of metal rather than a device to secure my skis . Thankfully , Amazon makes it easy to process a return at no cost . I think the problem with this shipment was the packaging . Taylor took a flat piece of cardboard and folded it around the lock then taped the two sides together . Then they tucked the two open ends of the cardboard in without taping them to seal the air gaps . That left some pretty big openings at both ends . My guess is that the keys came loose in transit and are now kicking around the back of a UPS truck somewhere.This whole episode got me thinking about the wisdom of keyed locks in this situation . I went to Home depot and found a less robust 4 digit combination cable lock for less money . I stored the combination in a note on my iPhone for safe keeping . Done !
 I tried all the strips in the kit . The results did not correspond to a more elaborate test I did afterwards to confirm the rather questionable results from this kit . If someone is serious about testing his well water , I would not recommend this kit .
 I bought a house and needed to test my water . A nearby lab charges around $ 400 for a useful test and I am way too cheap for that so I picked this up . I did the test , then later on I had a local plumber do a free test as they were doing some work for me . Here are my problems : - The PH reading was inaccurate . The plumber told me my PH was 6.6 , this test showed 5 . Five is pretty acidic and it had me very worried . 6.6 is n't great either though.-The copper test has you try to match the color on the test strip to three nearly identical colors and a fourth very dark one . I could n't figure out what sort of copper level I had from it . I only knew it was n't very high.Everything else in the test was off just a little from the plumber 's results . Keep in mind that there is a conflict of interest when the person who is testing your water is also trying to sell you water conditioning systems . I do n't fully trust the plumber 's analysis , but I do more-so than this test . If he were lying -LRB- I 'm sure he would justify it as `` stretching the truth '' , after all he 's got a family to feed -RRB- it would be on the side of worse water quality .
 Cheap , imprecise , and two of the tests are simply instructions to smell your water.Just spend a few extra bucks on a better test .
 I purchased the water quality test kit to test my water for the advertized water tests.I tested two water samples from different properties . Both tests came out the same , showing good tests , low hardness 0-50 , iron free or 0 , copper 0 safe , nitrate/nitrite 0 . I followed the instructions to the letter and used a timer . The results should have should some type of hardness & or Iron contents , because I have rusty stains and black slim in all the toilet tanks.I will now have the water tested by professionals . I need to know how to treat the water before spending a lot of money on a water treatment system . If you are looking to do the same ? Do n't use this water test kit!Phil in Sparta , MI .
 Front of Package : `` Free Lead in Water Test Kit - See Details Inside the Package '' -LRB- look at the image -RRB- Ok , opened the package , not seeing this Lead test kit.Whats this ? A business reply card - no postage necessary.This was a card to mail in to receive a free lead test kit mailed to you within 2 weeks.Wait 2 weeks for the test , then mail in the sample.To get the results you must pay $ 30 ! I received a letter from the city stating that a small percentage of homes built in my area , in the time frame my home was built , may have higher than acceptable levels of lead . So I go to the store to buy a kit specifically for lead , and the clerk points to this one - `` cool , '' I thought , `` I get the lead test for free , and can go ahead and test for the other stuff too . '' Totally mislead . Costs a month of time and $ 30 to get your lead test results . Do n't fall for their clever ruse.If you need a lead kit , do n't buy this .
 This product is a simple plastic bag , you have to pay the same lab fee regardless of purchasing this or not . This is capitalism at its worst and is a disgrace to Amazon.com ; should be take down immediately .
 This test advertised in its description that it included : pH , total alkalinity , total chlorine , total hardness , iron , copper , nitrates , and nitrites . Includes 2 of each test , and bonus tests for hydrogen sulfide and iron bacteria . With the exception of the hydrogen sulfide and iron bacteria , many kits offered this same list of tests . The reason I bought this specific kit was that it did advertise the hydrogen sulfide and iron bacteris `` bonus tests '' , and I needed to know levels of those specifically in determining the type of filters and/or oxidation system to purchase . Well , much to my disappointment , the two `` bonus tests '' were simply instructions to smell your water , and look in your toilet tank . This did n't help me quantify the levels of contaminants , and I now need to go spend more money on tests to determine those levels .
 The only kit I saw that claimed to test for Hydrogen Sulfide and Iron Bacteria . GREAT ! However kit has no test strips for these tests . I called the 800 number for Pro-Lab and was told that of course I could test for this , just smell my water and look in my tank . The reason for ordering the test kit was to quantify and confirm what my nose and eyes told me . That is like selling me a test to check for warm water and telling me the test is to put my hand under the water . They see nothing wrong with selling you a test kit , and the test is to smell your water . Is it just me ????
 I was extremely dissapointed with this purchase , and wish I would have read the reviews on here before buying .1 -RRB- The instructions were printed in black and white . This is not good when you need to compare the color on the test strips to the colors on the charts in the instructions . If you go to the pro-lab website , you can download the instructions in color , but it 's hard to compare the strips to colors on a computer monitor .2 -RRB- The only reason I bought this kit was to see how much iron was in my water to determine what filtration system I need to buy . Well , according to this test , I have no iron at all . I know there is iron in my water ; I can smell it , I can taste it , I can see it turning my filters and toilet orange , but according to this test ... none .3 -RRB- This test said my PH was 2.0 . Really ? 2.0 ? Pretty sure I would be dead by now if this were true . I checked this using a test kit I had for my aquarium and it came out 6.5.4 -RRB- There is no test for iron bacteria or hydrogen sulfide in the package . The instructions just tell you to smell your water . To give them a little credit here , I think the best way to test for hydrogen sulfide is to smell your water , but claiming there is a test in the package is very misleading .
 I bought this kit because it says right on the label that it tests for iron bacteria . Since I wanted to test my well water for that in particular , I bought this kit , only to discover after opening it that the `` test '' is not a test at all ; the instructions tell you to look at the color of the water and any rings in the toilet tank . Duh ! The same kind of `` test '' applies to the hydrogen sulfide it is supposed to identify
 I purchased this in Home Depot to verify iron levels in my well which I knew were high , but not how high . The tests came out as zero . I called the company and they sent me another set of strips to try . They said if this item is stored in a hot area -LRB- such as a warehouse -RRB- it can lose integrity . That was nice , but the 2nd strips still read around .1 ppm . The kit I have is not like any of the covers now selling on-line - mine has a solid blue cover with no people on it - old ? . I bought a Hach iron test kit and the reading was around 1ppm - a big difference . I 've had the 1ppm verified so the Pro-lab test is not for someone who is trying to determine healthy levels for their household water . If you 're going to test on a regular basis , splurge for a more expensive kit to give you peace of mind .
 I just found out I am pregnant and wanted to check my tap water quality . I bought `` Pro-Lab Water Quality Do It Yourself Test Kit '' This test is useless ! The strips are in color , but the charts to compare the strip are in shades of gray . I went on their website hoping they have a color chart online I can try to compare it to . They do , but in colors that does not match the strips ... . Do n't buy this test kit , its junk !!!
 This product is an outright fraud . Not only does it not provide useable measurements of water impurities , but it does not even contain tests for items listed on description.Iron bacteria test directions say `` look at water and smell water '' ! While this gives you some indication , it does not give you any actionable measurement . There is no actual test provided.Sulfite test simply tells you to `` smell water '' ! Again no indication of level . If you have a poor sense of smell , then worthless . Any water treatment requires knowing actual level -- that requires an actual test.Lead test kit requires payment of additional $ 30 for `` lab fee '' to get results.PH test includes unsafe acidic categories in its `` safe range `` gradiations of measurement of PH , alkalinity and hardness are so wide , that test provides no useful information . You get far more accurate readings from much cheaper pool water test strips !
 little smaller than what i expected but nice combo.Action on the EVO Jr. is n't as smooth as i 'd like it to be but it 's great as a small carry-around . Clutch multi-tool is well-made and great for most basic tasks . Just be careful when closing it.Package deal is perfect for most day to day needs . * update * the clutch broke after only a few uses . knife still going on strong though the edge did n't stay sharp for long .
 The Knife is a nice little pocket knife size clip knife.The multi-tool is much smaller than it appears on line . The tools are difficult to open and there are no instructions to help . Overall , I was quite disappointed in this product.Adding to my lack of positive feelings for these products is the fact that while they bear the Gerber name , they were both made in China.I 'd really like to see online merchants telling us were their products are made .
 While the quality is very good both the tool and the knife are quite small , more toy like than useful . If I had seen them with something to provide some scale , I probably would not have ordered .
 A cute product and nice as something for your key chain assuming you do n't get on a plane . It 's not really a useful utility tool .
 I bought this product to use for nailing a small wooden shed . It worked fine for a couple of weeks , until a spring fell off . I managed to use a rubber grommet to keep the slide from opening each time the gun went off . Then , after 90 days , it quit cycling . I have another gun and it worked fine , so it was n't the compressor . Bostich warranty says that any normal wear on the product is n't covered -- but after 90 days , should the parts wear out ? Never again .
 I bought this kit last week and it arrived defective right out of the box . The compressor was leaking right at the first connection out of the tank , which could not be tightened . It would not build pressure and run constantly -LRB- and loudly -RRB- . I had to return it . It 's impossible that such an issue would not have been found during testing , which means there was no quality control whatsoever .
 As advertised , the package is a great combination . I received mine as a Christmas gift . However , mine arrived and obviously had been used and returned . The compressor shroud was broken , the power cord had been unrolled , the instructions , some of the packaging , and some of the accessories were missing . I will now have to go through the arduous task of trying to get it replaced . You would think Amazon would inspect a previously opened package before reshipping .
 I hate this item , i HATE the mechanism and this not work . please do n`t spend your money on this garbage .
 I bought the TR-100 and after less than 500 staples , the spring which drives the staples broke - and no repair parts are available . Waste of money .
 -LRB- This review is that same as my one for the TR250 , because they both are awful !! -RRB- I just threw both of my Stanley staple guns in the recycling bin . I ca n't even handle them anymore.Staples -LRB- Arrow and other brands -RRB- in proper sized -LRB- i.e. 3/8 '' - 10mm -RRB- hardly ever fit . I go through this stupid process every time I pull them out to work on a quick project -LRB- today was a wall hanging succulent garden , that is now on hold for a few days until I can get a new , NON-STANLEY staple gun -RRB- :1 . Pull spring to load staples2 . Load staples on top of spring loader -LRB- as most standard staplers and staple guns usually do -RRB- 3 . Remember that these stupid staplers do n't work that way4 . Attempt to put staples directly in the slot on the bottom5 . Realize they m-fing do n't fit6 . Check the sizing on the side of the staple gun and verify with the box of staples that I am using the correct size -LRB- I am -RRB- 7 . Try a different size and brand staple -LRB- still does n't fit even though it `` should '' -RRB- 8 . Think maybe it does go on the spring loader , and try that again9 . They do n't - try correct loading again for a few more minutes10 . Go through box of staples to see if ANY fit -- maybe a few do11 . Curse loudly and think of a plan B *** New step
 Do n't buy this product -- it stinks . Deserves ZERO STARS . I bought this stapler/brad-driver to help me replace screening in wooden frames . I would have done better with a manual stapler and individual nails hammered in by hand.Staples jam about 20 % of the time and require manual clearing . Individual mis-fed staples fall into an internal slot and you must remove the group of staples and shake the unit vigorously to get the jammed staples to fall out.Try as I might , I could not get staples to drive into the screen frames -LRB- pine -RRB- straight and true with any regularity . The staples ended up skewed , bent , and twisted . Only when I held the stapler firmly in place with one hand and prevented any recoil with the other hand , would the staples go into the wood properly . That 's a tough maneuver when one hand pulls screening tight and the other hand operates the stapler.The brad-driver part of this product is useless . The brads hardly ever drive flush with the wood surface and usually require a final tap or two with a small hammer . As with the staples , the brads jam or mis-feed frequently and sometimes the unit drives two brads simultaneously . The brad-loading arrangement is a kludge . A group of brads slides down one side of the staple slot -LRB- poorly described in the instructions -RRB- . But because no rail keeps them in place , the spring-loaded `` pusher '' makes it impossible to load two or more segments of brads . So , if you end up with just a few brads in a group , either continue until you need a complete reload or pitch the few remaining and load a longer segment of brads . This design flaw means you end up with odd bits of brads that you have to load individually or throw away.I plan to look for a professional-grade brad driver for some projects , but it will not come from Stanley 's line of tools .
 I 've been extremely disappointed with the Stanley Sharpshooter Stapler/Nail Gun . It fails to drive even 1/4
 The heads of the nails would not sink flush with the wood and they sent me a new one . It did exactly the same thing ! Too weak .
 I have to echo Mr. Titus ' review . I bought this unit to do some light upholstery work . It seems to feed the brads okay , but lacks the power to drive them either flush or below the surface even on pine!Then I tried using staples -LRB- since that is the primary purpose for upholstery . -RRB- What a huge disappointment . Every staple jammed or would not feed to the nose . This is the result of a very poor design and/or poorly executed manufacturing -LRB- not meeting dimensional specifications , etc. -RRB- Stanley ought to pull this out of production and fix the problems . This piece of junk will harm their reputation.I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this staple/nail gun . You will be sorry if you do .
 Using for stapling fabric to untreated lumber for window treatments . About 60 % of the staples this stapler shoots do not go into the wood . It requires less effort and would be great if it would perform even as well as a manual staple gun . It is a waste of your time & money . Very frustrating to use .
 I bought this about a year ago to install mosquito screen in pine and spruce lumber . On the low power setting it will drive 5/16 '' staples about 2/3 of the way in . On high power it shoots 2 , 3 or 4 staples at a time with only one press of the trigger . The Stanley guarantee says it all : LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTYStanley warrants this product to the original purchaser for its useful life -LRB- not to exceed one year for products with electrical or electronic components -RRB- against deficiencies in material and workmanship.Its useful life - not to exceed one year . Well , its useful life certainly did not exceed one year . It barely exceeded one week .
 I bought one of these about 5 years ago . It works ok in soft woods with short staples if you hold it down rather tightly against the wood . But after a few years I find it to be somewhat worthless since it can not drive any kind of staple in anything but soft wood . So now I am back to Amazon looking for another electric stapler with some power . I do n't always need the power . But there have been too many times when more power would have made all the difference .
 works when using 1/4 '' staples , but nothing larger . i bought it hoping to use 1/2 '' staples , but when using these you must hammer each one in after stapling . also , the trigger is quite hard to pull ; i have to use both hands to pull it properly .
 I use this to hang targets at the rifle range , so nothing really heavy duty . The things just jams and the Stanley web site does n't offer advice or assembly diagrams . When I buy a new staple gun it wo n't be a stanley or even a friend of a stanley .
 Sometimes it indicates where a stud actually is . Sometimes it misses it altogether . Sometimes it shows the edges of a stud as being 6 '' wide -LRB- instead of ~ 1 1/2 '' -RRB- . Sometimes it finds a stud but misses the one 16 '' next to it . Recalibrate and it may do the reverse or something totally different . I suppose if you take the average of 5 attempts to locate the center of a stud , you might have a reasonable chance of finding the center of a stud.Other objects in a wall such as pipes , wires , heating ducts , blocking , foil faced insulation can affect the readings given by a stud finder . But having built the wall myself , I knew it had none of these in the area that I was working on.At first I though I received a defective unit , but a similar Stanley stud finder , i.e.Stanley 77-110 IntelliSensor Stud Sensor , is n't any better.I originally bought the Stanley to replace a 20 + year old Zircon stud finder , that after years of reliable and very accurate service , finally died . I thought it was time to get a new stud sensor anyway . I could n't have been more wrong . Figuring that the Stanley was totally useless in accurately finding studs , I gave up and decided to see if I could figure out what was wrong with the old Zircon . As it turned out , the wire in the 9 volt battery connector had broken off . Got a new 9V battery connector from Radio Shack and old Zircon was good as new . If the past is any indication of the future , it should be another 20 years before I have to try and find a stud sensor again that works . But when the time comes , I 'll definitely start with Zircon first .
 This stud finder is virtually useless . Inaccurate readings galore . I now wish I 'd have spent the extra money and gotten a better product . After numerous attempts , you get different readings for studs and the AC sensor went off constantly . Apparently my entire home is full of wires from ceiling to floor . -LRB- note sarcasm -RRB- Better off trying better quality .
 It 's not often I get a product and then develop a seething hatred for it within the first half-hour of use.This is a USELESS product that gives false positives , false negatives , and simply does n't do what it 's supposed to . I know how to use stud finders , I 've read the directions , I 've experimented with all 3 wall modes , experimented with different starting places ... it simply does n't want to find studs . Ugh.I ended up borrowing the neighbor 's much less fancy stud finder ... which did the job this one was supposed to in a matter of seconds!I hate this thing with a passion and will try to return it if I can find the packaging and receipt . I ca n't wait to get rid of this cursed , evil thing .
 This stud sensor is useless . It beeps randomly . If you tried it ten times , you will get ten different results . I wish I had seen other people 's review before buying it at Walmart . A total waste of money and time.Update
 My old house apparently has drywall or other sheets laid loosely over old plaster and lath ... or something . Traditional tapping methods do not give me even the vaguest idea where studs may be , and it would take a pretty big nail to penetrate through whatever layers to the stud . Under pressure from my wife to hang large pictures and things , I thought one of these electronic gadgets was going to be my salvation . This Stanley with the three depth ranges seemed especially ideal for my unknown wall construction . So I bought one of these and immediately tried it out with a new battery . The AC detection alarm was going off constantly ... the studs were randomly placed and seemed to run horizontally ... nothing made any sense . I thought maybe I was doing something wrong ; I began to question my own manhood and sanity . Unfortunately I had to go someplace in a hurry , and before I got back to this thing my wife had thrown out the packaging so I ca n't return it . After testing it extensively all over my house , I find that it is totally random in its behavior . It will indicate a stud in one place , but nothing 10 inches higher or lower . It will show a stud one time , but then no stud after re-calibration . It claims I have no studs in my walls for 5 or 6 feet at a stretch . It indicates AC lines EVERYWHERE in my walls , and even out in the middle of the room 6 feet from any wall and 4 feet from floor or ceiling . Yes I 'm calibrating it correctly before each use , and I 've tried each depth mode many times . I calibrate it in different locations each time to avoid the chance of calibrating over a stud . Nothing works . It is like some horrible prank calculated to drive me insane . I do n't know how Stanley can bring such garbage to market ... there ought to be a class-action lawsuit against them for foisting this crap on us customers .
 I bought this at Target , and made the mistake of thinking that because it was one of the costliest and boasted multiple features , it would also be one of the best . After trying to use it just now , I had to come see if it was sold here on Amazon and read what other people thought of it . I wish I 'd seen these comments before buying ; everything the other one star reviews say is true . What an utterly horrendous piece of junk this thing is . The company that makes these deserves to be put out of business .
 Absolutely useless . Never worked properly . Seems to beep at random . Tried multiple times on different walls . Do not waste your money on this.The AC wire detection does seem fairly accurate.My son really enjoys playing with it though ...
 Unreliable , do n't fall for it because it 's cheap and it 's just there hanging on the shelf . AC indicator beeps all over the place , sweeping from left to right does not give the same reading as right to left .
 Had it for years but just to lazy to replace it . Never worked reliably . I usually end up missing the stud and just find it the old fashion way . I would not recommend this product .
 Never correctly identified a stud or electrical wire . Seemingly goes off at random . It was safer to throw this worthless POS away rather than risk letting friends or family find this thing and go drilling into a live wire . Stanley I am dissapoint
 This thing could n't find a stud if it were placed on top of one without a wall seperating it . I get readings all over a wall like there are studs everywhere . A true piece of junk . I followed the instructions and nothing worked . The only reason I give it one star is because I ca n't give it a `` no star '' .
 Bought this at a storefront instead of on Amazon -- big mistake ; would n't have wasted my money had I seen the reviews . According to this sensor , my walls are composed of nonstop , solidly-packed studs that are wrapped entirely in live wires and will surely cause instant death by electricution if I attempt to drive a nail in . If I remove the battery and put it back several times , the same walls have studs placed 10 '' apart -LRB- but the entire wall is still live -RRB- . Sometimes , the studs move around while the sensor is active . It 's amazing .
 It is noisy as heck , you have to move very slowly to get it to work or it will miss the stud . The depth selection would be useful but does n't work . The ac light goes off and beeps on every square inch of the walls I have tested . The instructions say it will detect ac up to 18 '' away from the line . It is n't a very useful feature unless you really just want a general idea which walls have ac in them -LRB- you could just use common sense in most cases -RRB- . This product is barely usable to even hang pictures . It will be going back as soon as I get the dang battery out .
 This is a rather expensive tool that I would rate as barely satisfactory . It cuts poorly , sands well for limited jobs , and most other tool attachments hardly work at all . On the other hand , I am very satisfied with my Dremel variable speed tool , which always works . Save yourself the aggravation and money .
 The product is unique but the blades wear out very fast and are very expensive . What disappoints me most is that I was lead to believe that I was purchasing the latest model . In fact , it was n't . Multi-Master advertises its tool with a easy latch to change the attachments -- what Amazon sold me was the earler model . I am very upset that Amazon sold me the product that is trying to be unloaded , instead of the newer version . Please note that I purchased this tool in late February 2007 long after the newer version was on the market . BUYER BEWARE !!
 The Fein Multimaster really is a great tool ... We have 3 in our business ... But , Man o Man , The blades prices recently increased and we have discontinued them ... . Somebody is making money or are they ... Does n't appear to be a long term success for Fein ...
 The blades of this product wear out so fast and are very expensive . I owned this thing for couple of years . Useless product since blade wears out as fast as you can replace it . Fein really need to come up with something else to replace their crappy blades . Do not buy this product unless you are willing to spend roughly 30 bucks for anything that you want to cut -LRB- that is how much blade will cost -RRB- .
 Ok FEIN , when are you going to eliminate blade slippage by upgrading the design of the drive pattern from the current Round to a Star drive ? It is my opinion that you are too slow in responding to customer requests to improve the drive design and I reluctantly returned my unit because of frequent slippage . All of you newer blades have the Star drive but the power head still relies on compression , thus friction by the washer and bolt to hold the blade in place . Your current solution is an adapter , which is nothing more than a washer that has sandpaper like surface/carbide particles to increase the friction . Not an acceptable solution for and expensive tool.When you finally get around to improving the design , I will purchase a machine again but I will definitely wait until the new design is released .
 I was using it for the first time by applying all the force I can with my hands and the ring side broke.The only reason I do not give it less then 2 stars is that I have seen worse.a good wrench should not brake even if extra lever torque is applied on it .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 The multimaster is a great tool concept and very well constructed . The blades are absolutely worthless . A few cuts and they are dull . One cut of any type or size metal and the blade is shot . Unacceptable for over $ 10 a piece . Go with another brand similar tool with that is available with accessories at any of the home centers at a much lower cost .
 These blades are good for one use . Considering the price - I find this unreasonable . This should be a six pack for the price .
 The Fein Multimaster is a great product , solid , sturdy , and well engineered . The blades and accessories are absolutely terrible . First off , the blades are extremely thin , if you touch a finish nail with the e-cut blade , consider $ 25 out the window as the blade is ruined . If you even look at a nail , or use is on hard woods , or cut too fast with one of their wood blades , it will destroy it . For the price of these blades , they should be considerably more durable than they are . I give these blades 1 star as they are overpriced by a wide margin , poorly constructed , proprietary , and limited . Go with a cheap one like Rockwell or Dremell , the parts and blades are cheaper and available everywhere , and it does the same thing as the overpriced Fein .
 I have had little success with these blades and found they are no better than the cheep ones on e-bay . Save your money !
 They do n't last very long at all , they get dull cutting wood and are worthless if you hit one nail even though they are a bimetal blade .
 The first blade out of the pack separated at the welds immediately . I 'm on the second one now . For this much money they should n't fall apart .
 As far as I know , no one else makes blades for the Multimaster . As a result , their blades are greatly overpriced . And , they do n't last very long . You have to be very careful with these blades or they will dull or break . Sometimes even a new blade will cause wood to burn or smoke . Definitely not for heavy duty work . Wish someone else would make these blades .
 I use my Fein tool a lot but when I used it to trim toilet flange bolts I was disappointed that a brand new blade was shot after one use . That is a pretty expensive cost for a basic operation . Next time I will use my Milwaukee bi-metal demolition saw and blades . They seem to last a long time .
 I 've had my Multimasterm for six months . I love the tool concept and I have been using it quite a lot for a Kitchen and Bath remodel . My only complaint is that the blades dull very easily and are very expensive to replace . I just purchased another set of e-cut blades and one is already dull after cutting through a couple of nails .
 I tried my brand new Fein Multimaster just out of the box with the Precision E-cut 1 3/8 inch blade to trim some 5/16 inch bolts . After about a minute of buzzing the bolt and little cutting progress , I discontinued with the Fein as it was clearly dulling my brand new blade . I instead pulled out my trusty Dremel with a cutting disk and quickly completed the cuts . Later , I used the Multimaster with the same E-cut blade to cut some 10p nails and it did okay . Also , I used the Multimaster with a different blade to cut some drywall openings and it did an excellent job . So , bottom line , I am generally happy with the Multimaster tool but not too impressed with the E-cut blade - it clearly is n't up to the task of cutting bolts .
 the blades are worthless . they wear out very easily and quickly . other companies make similar oscillating tools at a lower cost with more blade selections . Definitely stay away from the multimaster tool and blades . I gave this a 1 start because it is the lowest option available . I would give it negative stars if they were available .
 It says it can cut metals . But after one cutting one thin piece of metal , you are done with this blade .
 Fein 63502151020 1-1/8 - Inch Universal E-Cut Blade , 3 PackBlades cut wood ok , they do not cut nails like they advertise , and they are way to expensive . Had I known the blades cost this much , I would not have bought the Multi-Master from Fein . I would have given it a 4 star if the blades didnt cost so much and would cut nails , because in remodeling you are going to hit some nails . The tool does do a good job on some of the speciality tasks in remodeling . I installed a medicine cabinet in 5 minutes with the MM , have cut trim and made plunge cuts also . But the second time I went to use it I hit a 8 penny nail and ruined the blade , so I had to order these blades to be able to use my 430.00 MM from Fein . It works just dont hit any nails .
 2 out of three of the blades had faulty welds , blade broke off at spot welds seconds after use
 The utility versus cost is not there for these blades . While rated for metal , they are destroyed in one use it they encounter a nail or screw .
 These blades are just about worthless at cutting nails . Yes I understand to let the blade do all the work and that the blade is not made as a metal cutting device.after cutting 4 sinkers I had a flat spot in the teeth and had to toss the blade.The blades worked great at cutting everything else , just keep them away from any type of steel
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I built a set of cabinets for a client to match some preexisting cabinets and bought these magnetic catches because they were similar to the ones in the original cabinets . Big mistake , the magnets are so weak they barely hold the doors closed . Hickory does n't say in there description of the product what the hold power is in pounds so you do n't know how strong they are , in comparison , Amerock tells you what the hold power is in all there catches . I recommend you do n't buy this product
 Do n't buy this trimmer , You 'll be sorry!This trimmer was purchased a few years ago . I live in the northern USA , so the trimmer sees light duty only being used maybe a half dozen times a year during the summer , being stored the rest of the time . This is its third summer . When I filled it with gas and tried to start , it gave me some trouble , but finally started . I let it warm up in # 2 position , when I flipped off the choke and tried to rev the engine , it died , like it was starving for fuel . Tried again , ... same thing . Tried again ... same thing etc.etc . I thought there might be some debris in the carb so I pulled it apart . It was clean as a whistle , put it back together , tried to start , ... same thing . Checked the fuel filter which is at the end of the pick up tube in the fuel tank , -LRB- you have to fish it out -RRB- . Filter was clean . Checked the spark plug , it was clean . Now I 'm just scratching my head . I figure I used this trimmer all of a dozen times and now it wo n't work . It 's either bring it to the shop and pay half of what it 's worth to fix it , or cut my losses and just buy a different trimmer . I chose the latter and I guarantee you it wo n't be a Troy Built.I have lots of power toys , most have lasted a decade or more with no trouble , and start on the first or second pull after being stored all winter . I had an old Homelite Chain Saw that was thirty years old and running strong when I gave it away . There is just no excuse for this kind of crap to be on the market . Next time I 'll pay a little extra and get a quality brand . I guess I was fooled by the name . Troy Built used to be synonymous with Quality , but no more .
 I 've been using a Black & Decker cordless trimmer/edger . It was quiet , light-weight and easy to maneuver between my flower beds and lawn . It had a handy guide for edging along pavement . My only complaint was its so-so power . The battery would sometimes run out before I was done , but that was usually at the beginning of the season when the trim areas were particularly overgrown . After many faithful years , the Black & Decker died.So I thought I 'd try the Troy-Bilt . It 's louder than a German biplane . It 's much heavier than a cordless and feels even heavier for each minute of use . It 's impossible to maneuver between my flower beds and lawn . And , you have to buy the separate edger attachment if you want a pavement guide . I used my new Troy-Bilt twice . Then I ordered a new cordless .
 Do n't take a water break or run out of gas with this thing ! It WILL NOT start back up again until it is COMPLETELY cooled down to the point where you can once again go through the elaborate starting procedure.You will tire out from pulling the cord before you get the job done , so buy a case of beer and make it an all day job !
 Right out of the box , it wont stay running after it warms up . Looking into sending it back or having it serviced , if it has a warranty . very dissatified .
 I will say this trimmer ran great for two summers . It was powerful and easy to handle for this woman in her 40 's . This third summer it wo n't stay running . I read another review with the same problem . Good trimmer for 2 summers , moderate use , maybe 6 times all summer . Maintained , stored in a dry place . Third summer it starts but wo n't stay running . My mechanic friend said all the filters are clean , good fuel , but its only getting the fuel you pre-pump to start it . It would cost about the same to fix what is probably a carburetor problem as buy a new one . Not worth it . And after reading other similar reviews I 'm going with something else .
 I have no idea if this is a good trimmer or not . I got this as a gift around the same time I bought one and I can not return it . I know that I should have done a better job of looking at this because they do have it on the -LRB- not big enough letters in my opinion -RRB- website . I just wanted to put something in the reviews hoping someone will not make the same mistake . Make sure you really want this .
 I 've had this trimmer for nearly two years . The positives are :1 . It has lasted this long ? 2 . It works great , when it 's working3 . CheapThe unit has never run exactly right since I bought it . Whenever I try to run it , after sufficient warm up , with the choke off , it acts as if it is starved for fuel , and sometimes dies . About a month ago it started dying and would not run after starting . I took it apart and tried to make carb adjustments , of which there is only one , to no avail . After extensive troubleshooting , I found a cover on the right side of the carb with a filter screen inside that was clogged . I cleaned it and it ran better than it did out of the box . I was very happy . After two uses , all of the same problems returned . Aaaarrrrgghhhh ! Now I have to take it all apart again.I also have another of the same model that was given to me that has a starter ripcord that is broken . When I tried to get to the starter to fix it , it was impossible . What are you supposed to do when the starter breaks ? I 'm not impressed with the internals.So , here 's my list of negatives :1 . Never ran correctly2 . Makes a weird metallic clanking noise out of the box3 . High maintenance4 . Difficult to service5 . CheapI will not buying a Troy-Bilt again.Update : I was able to get a replacement free of charge from Lowe 's . I used it for about 2 months and it started having exactly the same issues . I took it back and traded it for a Husqvarna .
 I 've had nothing but problems with my detachable 2-cycle trimmer . In referencing the other reviews that talk about how `` flimsy '' and `` cheap '' their parts are , I could n't agree more.I acquired the chain-saw and blower attachments to accompany the trimmer and I was n't expecting replacement costs to be as ridiculous as they were . Oddly enough , the model I purchased four short years ago is `` rare '' and `` obsolete '' according to Troy-Bilt . I followed the recommended maintenance to a `` t '' and yet I still experienced major , head-scratching problems.To start , the gas cap was giving me problems almost out of the box . Somehow the flimsy , rubber washer inside came loose and there is no way to get it positioned right again . This takes away the possibility of hanging the unit on the wall unless you do n't mind gas/oil mixture on whatever is underneath it . Sure I could get a washer/cap replacement but I 've decided the unit was poorly engineered . No sense in pouring more money into it.Customer service is a joke because the company is archaic . You can not order parts online -LRB- that is through this `` new '' invention called `` The Internet '' -RRB- ; you have to call Troy-Bilt and pray you reach the correct department and that they still carry parts for their models . I needed to order a replacement chain for my saw attachment as well as a new bottom to the tap-trimmer because the three seasons of use scrapped the bottom of the trimmer to shreds . The little bolt could n't get screwed in the bottom to keep the string in . Lastly , I wanted to buy two extra green loop clips to attach to the end of the trimmer and saw to allow them to hang from a hook on my garage wall . For some unknown reason , Troy-Bilt decided that the blower attachment was the only attachment deemed worthy of a loop clip attachment . And , no , the two Big Box home stores do not carry this `` niche '' item . The total of these four items -LRB- new chain , bottom trimmer holder , and two little plastic hooks -RRB- came to $ 38 plus s/h ! Not what I would expect for a few little parts . Troy-Bilt knows that they can charge this because once you 've invested in some of their attachments , they have you . Hook , line , and s -LRB- t -RRB- inker.Recently , this spring my Troy-Bilt 2-cycle detachable trimmer can not idle after four `` long '' seasons of < 0.25 acre usage . I have decided against paying an astronomical markup to replace the gas cap and search for a `` Troy-Bilt Certified '' repairman.Not only was this my last Troy-Bilt machine , I 've decided to find one of the new Li-Ion rechargeable trimmers . I 've also decided it is better to not go with multi-use lawn machines because when the motor goes out , you 've got three dead attachments which can serve no useful purpose.Do yourself a favor and stay away from Troy-Bilt .
 Add my review -LRB- to the many others -RRB- stating the hard-to-start characteristic of the Troy Bilt curved shaft weedeater . It has been hard to start -LRB- dozens of pulls while fiddling with the choke lever etc according to the manual instructions -RRB- . Always used `` fresh gas '' . The first time I used it , and every other time I tried to use it , it has been hard to start . Avoid this piece of junk .
 Is there a rating on Amazon less than 1 ? The Troy-Built TB20CS is the absolute worst gas powered trimmer I have ever owned , in fact , it 's the worst gas powered machine I 've ever owned.I bought it more than a year ago and it worked okay the first 2 times and then the starting trouble began . It is a ridiculous process to begin with
 I had to reload the string around 10 times before throwing the unit into the ground . And after another 10 times , I threw it even harder.It still works , so at least its durable ... I guess that 's why they ship the fixed string cutting head with the unit ; because after using the auto feed head a few times you 'd either switch to it or throw this unit away .
 Do n't buy Troy Bilt . Parts are missing from the box and when you try to ask for it they outsource their parts replacement and that place gives you the run around . Better off with another brand . Do n't ever buy troy bilt .
 We have had the Troy Bilt TB20CS for about a yr and a half . Up until recently it worked well - started easily , was easy to maintain , light , and easy to use . Recently though , the fuel line and filter that reside in the gas tank , disintegrated . I have taken it apart and now will see how costly the parts are , and how difficult they will be to install . I am not satisfied because I bought Troy Bilt thinking this product would last a long time with minimal repairs . Dependent on the cost of the repairs , I may just chuck this weed eater and get a husqvarna or other quality brand . Substandard parts do not result in brand loyalty . Buy another brand .
 Piece of junk . I have only used it 3 times and now it wo n't start .
 I saw pretty good reviews for this on Amazon so I decided to try this WHAT A MISTAKE ! It comes with two heads , the first one is a feed line that seems to cut off the line at the drop of a hat ... so I thought I would try the easy load head ... when I did the line kept flying out . The unit seemed flimsy , could n't keep line in it and was hard to start so I decided to contact Amazon to see if I could return.I LOVE Amazon and will continue to buy most of my electronics , books , music here but in this case I was sorry to learn that I could n't return it to them because it had been filled with gas which renders the unit un-mailable because it is flammable ... I totally understand this reasoning but wish they made this more obvious on the order page for this item . I would not have purchased a weed wacker here for that reason.I called Troy Bilt and they were not helpful at all , so I took it to one warranty center where the attendant was incredibly unhelpful and obviously not interested in taking the unit . The 2nd place was very kind but kept the unit for about 2 months while they figured out what was going on and finally said a spring was out of place -LRB- that I assembled -RRB- and that was what caused the line problem . They assembled properly and I picked up the unit.This morning I started the unit -LRB- again very hard to start as other reviews have said -RRB- , and for the first ten minutes the unit kept stalling . Then , after I got it going for a few the line flew out again ... went to replace it then attempted to restart . The pull rope came completely out of the unit . At this point , I am contacting Troy Bilt to demand a full refund on this absolute piece of garbage . I can not speak to the quality of other Troy Bilt units , but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . I will update on what Troy Bilt does in regard to this either way .
 Do n't buy this trimmer unless you like to continuously work on getting the string to feed through the head . The part on the trimmer where the edger attachment is supposed to connect to broke off about 30 minutes after I got it out of the box . I did not get rough with it ; this is a flimsy product and I regret buying it !
 Was looking for an entry level trimmer.I should NOT have purchased this one.It failed after 1 use , and no help was offered from the manufacturer.My story ... The line feeder is very poorly designed , and after many attempts to get it to feed properly , I gave up and used the fixed line attachment.So far so good ... I used the unit to trim a small area - seemed to work OK.Two weeks later I grabbed the unit again - this time the pull line broke in my hands rendering the unit inoperable.A quick call to Amazon - who provided the number for the manufacturers service center . . I was informed I would need to drive 20 minutes and drop the unit for inspection.I explained that I would prefer to mail to them because I do n't have the time to spend on a $ 100 item that was only used once , and just purchased 14 days ago.The service person replied - suit yourself sir - then hung up on me.I will continue to purchase my items through Amazon , because their customer service was excellent - But troy built as lost my consideration forever.I have used many a power tool and do n't consider my self a novice with these type products - so buyer beware on this one .
 do not buy !!! do not by !!! piece of crap !!! wont run , wont bump feed , when it runs line breaks and must manually respool ... do not buy !! 1
 I bought 2 of these and to say they are a piece of crap is an understatement . I bought the second one because I was cheap and thought the first one dying after two years was just a fluke . Two years later same thing . I change the fuel filter , spark plug and air filter yearly so maintenance was not the issue . I needed a carb kit which Troy built does not sell . They would sell me the carb for 3/4 the price of a new machine . At the same time I bought my Troy bilt trimmer my next door neighbor bought a stihl which is still working fine after 4 years ! I guess it pays to spend more on quality . I will never buy another Troy bilt product , there parts on line are ridiculous and the web site sucks!Update 04-08-12 ... I just `` donated '' my two Troy bilts , one too the garbage man and the other to a mechanic friend , who wants a second try at fixing it . After much research on the internet and consumer reports , I decided my best choice would be an Echo SRM 225 $ 199 at HD store . The warranty is 5 years , the engines are made in Japan , unlike stihl there are more retailers . I also compared both Stihls and Echos website and that was the clincher , I suggest you do the same . Maintenance kits are readily available . Echo includes an engine certified to meet emissions requirements for 300 hours -- or more than six years if you ran it an hour a week year-round -- compared with the usual 50 hours for the others . Wow what a pleasure to use a quality product . Its quieter , better balanced and appears to be a really nice tool . I hope this review helps my days of buying junk are over . Happy lawning !
 I have a Troy Bilt TB20CS , well kept and maintained and use fresh gas always . Had it now for about a year and use it at least two or three times a month . I went to use it recently and now it is not idling after it is warm for about 3 minutes . I cleaned the air filter , replaced the spark plug and cleaned out the carb and exhaust . It still will not idle . All the comments on the internet lead to replacing the carb , no real good detail how to adjust . I will just scrap it and pay double to have something that is going to last more than year !!!
 I thought this would be a good purchase considering it was one of the bigger engines available . Firstly , once I did get it started -LRB- yes , I know how to properly mix oil/fuel -RRB- it never ran at full strength . I could tell by the sound of the engine that it was not reaching its max RPM . After that , every time I had to use it -LRB- weekly -RRB- it would be a chore to start -LRB- 10-20 pulls , no matter the choke setting -RRB- ; again , once warmed up it still did not sound like it was running optimally.Last week , after pull starting it in rapid mode -LRB- I 'll take partial responsibility for this since pulling a starter like that so fast increases the chance of tangling -RRB- the string caught and seized . I now have to take it apart to fix that , and while it was probably mostly due to my technique of pulling , I should n't have had to go psycho on the starter to get it to start in the first place.I always thought and heard that Troy-Bilt was a good company , at least for this model 's case I have to say otherwise . I 'll not be getting another trimmer from this company , no matter their reputation .
 Do not buy anything manufactured by Troy-Bilt . The warrany on any product they produce is worthless . The clutch went out on my troy-bilt string trimmer with less than 4 hours of use , and their service center would n't even look at it because they claimed they were too busy . My advise is to spend a couple bucks more and buy a decent brand .
 I bought the TB20CS trimmer directly from Troybilt because none of the local stores had it . This trimmer was hard to start from the beginning . Well its been a little over a year It still starts Hard & now the pull string has broke . troybilt has a 2 year warranty , which does not cover broken pull ropes or carb adjustments , wow what a warranty . I have used this trimmer aprox . 8 - 10 times.I do not recommend anyone buying this model .
 I didnt buy mine from Amazon but I can say this thing is junk . Bought it brand new last summer . Problems starting it right out of the box . All summer , difficult to start . Took it out this spring , wont stay running . Changed plug , gas and took the carb apart and cleaned it . No good . Never Again with TB !
 This unit was delivered with the box open . I could not get the boom to go into the shaft . I have assembled other units with no problem.Amazon was great in handling the product return . The only problem was that I was not reimbursed for shipping charges . Troybilt is a good named product , but I feel something happened with this order.Paul Zartun
 Once you have it for about 6 months it becomes the hardest starting machine I ever owned .
 Have had the trimmer for a couple of years now and have hated it since day one ! Dumb on my part , should have returned it , but thought it was just me having a bad day when I could n't get it to start , thought it will start easier next time . . not . This thing is so hard to start and once you get it running it stalls every 10 seconds , again thought it has to just be me . . nope was recently telling a friend how much I hate my weed whacker and he chimes in how he hates his as well and has the same problems , go figure he has the same POS . Lucky for me it just died and I got a new one - different brand - and this is when i realized what a hunk of junk the troy bilt was . The new one starts right up , idles perfectly and is so much quieter . . just runs so much smoother . The new one I got is a Toro , I 've only used it once so far but already love it compared to the troy bilt .
 I used to swear by the TroyBilt name . But after I -LRB- and my neighbor down the street -RRB- have owned two -LRB- YES TWO -RRB- TB20CS 's each -LRB- because we both could n't believe TroyBilt was actually marketing garbage -RRB- now I swear AT the TroyBilt name.If you own one of these , the first time it quits unexpectedly on you , just throw it away right then and save yourself hours of frustration -LRB- and dollars if you should naively try to fix it -RRB- . Go buy a real trimmer . This one model should put TroyBilt out of business if there were any justice .
 I had a Troy Bilt tiller for many years without any problems so I figured they had to build a decent string trimmer . I was wrong . I had this trimmer for two years and last week the motor just seized up . I have no idea why . It has a significant design flaw . The pull string should be elsewhere on the trimmer . It is situated right next to the motor . When starting , if you pull too closely to the motor the plastic housing will shred your knuckles . I can not tell you how many times I have torn the skin on my knuckles starting this thing . I finally resorted to wearing gloves every time I used it . Also , after a season , it was extremely hard to start - and I service my stuff . In addition when it got hot it would run smoothly for ten minutes then shut off and it was nearly impossible to start again . No way , I would recommend this string trimmer .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 We have had this unit for three years and it stopped working . Bosch makes it nearly impossible to get the information they need to determine if they will replace the unit -LRB- I am supposed to hire an electrician with a `` multimeter '' to come out while I pay him to be on hold with Bosch for an hour ! Then , BOSCH will UPS out parts -LRB- another 7-9 days ! -RRB- So no warranty service really and the folks are Bosch are just plain rude . Three years and we have to purchase a new unit and have it installed . Let 's see thats over $ 250.00 a year - not much of a savings !!!!!
 We purchased and installed the Model AE125 in November 2006 based on the Bosch name and its 10 year warranty for the heater elements . The unit failed earlier this week and despite assurances in the description that the outlet temperature is controlled , scalding water came out of the shower , burned me , and then the unit shutdown . Reseting the thermal overload only produced more scalding water for a minute and then another trip . Attempts to contact Bosch meant long phone waits and trying to use the email to contact support on their website have proven useless . Bottom line
 After 3years the units failed . Three days of trouble shooting on the phone tech support with multi meter -LRB- I am not a electrician -RRB- found a burnt mark on Circuit card . Which IS NOT COVER AFTER ONE YEAR !! What a piece of Junk ! Bought for 477.00 . Had professionally installed which cost and extra 600 . They want 244.00 for a new circuit card !! What a piece of junk and COMPANY !! Backing their product !! Tech support was reading out of a manual telling me what to do with the multi meter to take trouble shooting reading in a hot garage . One tech told me that since the card had a burnt mark on it and all reading were good they would send me a new unit . The next day they changed there mind and said its only one year warrenty on parts !! What a company backing there product !! DO NOT BUY BOSCH ! '' Recommend reading any and all reviews on differents sites if you dont beleive my hardship with this product !! Pure unprofessionial !! They should be a class action law suit so many of these heaters like mine have failed because of the circuit failed .
 Replaced our old tank water heater 2005 . We are on our 3rd unit Power Star AE115 . The first 2 were covered under warranty but finding someone to replace it was a hassle and each time cost $ 175 to reinstall . Now # 3 has died . I 'm done . Back to the old reliable tank water heater . Too bad because I did like the endless supply of hot water . You can not have 2 hot faucets going . So , 3 units in 4 years , not too good in my opinion . Buyer beware !
 When they work , they are pretty nice , and there 's virtually no limit to the hot water . However ! ... they are very demanding of the user
 We purchased this product in June , 2008 . After 18 months of hot water , the left canister 's cut-out switch keeps tripping . When we called Bosch tech support , we were given instructions on how to repair the unit ourselves -LRB- to include purchasing a multimeter , testing the incoming electricity to different sections of the canister and afterwards , the technician STILL was n't able to pinpoint the problem . Considering the fact that there is an extreme amount of electricity going to this unit , to ask the average citizen to repair anything that has both electricity and water going to it is dangerous . Also , the fact that the packaging has their purple `` 12-year warranty '' listed on it is misleading . The parts are covered for one year -LRB- and only some of the parts -RRB- and any costs incurred to fix the unit -LRB- regardless of it being a faulty part -RRB- are the sole responsibility of the customer . Bosch does not stand behind this product in my opinion.Given that information and the expense of the product , I am filing a complaint with the BBB . Anyone else who wants to file a complaint against this company can go to this link :[ ... -RSB-
 We wanted an energy efficient option when we built our house 2-1/2 years ago . Just under a year old and the circuit board on the water heater died . We live in rural east Texas and finding someone here to service was impossible . Bosch hotline was not very supportive or helpful , and plan on spending a minimum of 45 minutes on hold . Between hotline , the plumber and electrician they finally decided it was a bad control board . Told me they would overnight a whole new water heater , but shipped it 3-day ground instead -LRB- which with the weekend meant 5 days -RRB- . Now 15 months later we have the same problem all over again . I think we will just go back to a standard tank heater . The tankless is fabulous when it works , but not worth the hassle and expense when it does n't .
 We are about 7 or 8 months into this water heater and have had it . We have fiddled with the temperature control enough . This weekend I am going to buy a old reliable conventional unit . We have n't had some of the horrendous problems others have reported . I think if I had , I would n't have put up with it for 8 minutes , let alone 8 months . But honestly , getting hot water should n't require all the gymnastics that are required to keep this thing adjusted - managing the flow rate , changing the temperature setting according to the seasons , resetting the little breakers when they trip - honestly . -LSB- ... -RSB- If you like to tinker with the water heater all the time then maybe this is the unit for you . Especially if you like occassional cold showers in January and racing through the house bare-naked trying to see if the little red light is on . No thanks !
 Purchased from CPO and found the unit took 27 seconds to have warm water delivered to my tap 2 feet away . When I contacted CPO for a refund , they said they needed to have an equiptment failure number given out from Bosch . I called Bosch and was on hold for 48 minutes before I was helped . The technicans said the 27 seconds for warm water to travel 2 feet is correct . My old hot water heater 25 feet away took the same amount of time . Check for your self , call Bosch technicians and see how long you have to wait to be helped before you purchase . CPO would n't take it back because I had installed the unit . In this case I had been better off lying to CPO than tell the truth . I now have a hot water heater that wastes water before it gets warm which is why I did away with my old hotwater heater in the first place . I hope you have better luck than I.
 We bough this product a few years back , and it has been a constant headache . Even after it is fixed , it only works a month or two and then breaks down again.Most recently we have had to replace one element , and both thermal cutoffs , and the unit worked for about two months and failed again.Customer service involves long wait times , and with Bosch 's new policy you need a professional before you can get technical help . That of course means a single failure , and all the electric bill savings go down the drain .
 Three words `` Do not buy '' . I 'm writing this the day after replacing our 3 year old A125 . It slowly stop heating water and quite altogether.Pride after paying $ 700 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- would not let me admit I made a mistake.If nothing else , check to see who services the tankless in your area . No one services these in my metropolitan area , none of the plumbing companies were willing to look at it.The 10 year warranty is bogus . There is only a 1 year warranty on parts .1 year , that says a lot.Tech support took 3 days to reach with wait times up to 17 minutes long . They wanted meto hire an electrician and have him call if he had questions . With wait times of up to 17 minutes?As for as performance , from day one I got an ear full from the wife . We could notget hot water out of the master shower . After we calmed down realized that it was justthe master shower , apparently the tankless wo n't work with a ` center ' style faucet handle.The guest bathroom has the two hot/cold knobs . We were able to get hot water out of it.It was three long years of constantly having to adjust the knobs to get the temperature right . During the winter it was worst.Any adjustment caused the water temperature fluctuate . Do n't let someone get a drink of water while taking a shower . You have to wait for the temperature to settle before making another adjustment or you will never get it right.Now that we have a conventional hot water tank in place , I realize that it took a lotlonger to get hot water from the start with the tankless , and I 'm not having to adjust the knobs during a shower.For the total price of the unit begin just over $ 700 and the warranty on parts of only one 1 year and the fact that no one will service them , I do n't know how anyone could want one.Yeah , you 'll save on the electric bill but you 'll be looking at buying a new one in 3 years .
 Heating element is submerged in water 24/7 becoming ionized and shorts the electric circuit . We have had 2 units in less than 25 months . Bosch blames consumer for hardwater and will not honor warranty . This unit should be recalled . This is a very common problem ignored by the company . Avoid this product .
 I have had an AE125 for 2 years and the element overheats every time it turns on!They said it was a fouled heater element , and sent me an O-ring Kit , which I had to install myself.On opening the elements they looked OK , and I wiped it all down and reinstalled it . NO go Still kicks off!I called Bosch again and they wanted me to buy a $ 200 control board -LRB- out of 1 year warranty -RRB- and `` try that '' . I told them I was unwilling to do that and wanted a replacement heater as the elements were bad -LRB- we electrically tested the control board and it was fine ! -RRB- They told me to pound sand , and they would do NOTHING to make this right!STAY AWAY FROM BOSCH ANYTHING !! THEY CAN NOT BE TRUSTED !!
 Mine died after 6 months . I flushed it several times trying to keep it going . It was flushed for 6 hrs the day before it died . It sent mineral chips throughout my home clogging angle valves , flow valves and shower heads everywhere . Warranty does n't cover hard water and this system simply wo n't handle it .
 Let me start by saying that I write very few reviews , but I am so irritated at the lack of customer support on Bosch 's part that I feel others should be warned . After installing this unit at my parent 's house , following every instruction exactly as outlined in the manual , we were getting warm water , but definitely not HOT water . Incoming water is 63 degrees , and the hottest we can get coming out is 97 . Water pressure is at 40 psi , which is well within the acceptable range for this unit . All 6 terminals on the bus have 120 V going in , protected by 3 dual pole 40A breakers . I used an ohm meter to check for element failure as suggested in the user manual and all readings were fine . At this point , the manual says to call tech support at -LRB-866-RRB- 330-2729 , which I did , only to find out that they are only available Monday through Friday 8AM to 5PM -LRB- this was installed on Sunday afternoon -RRB- . I called this morning , and the woman who answered asked if I was a licensed electrician , which I am not . She said they were only able to provide tech support to licensed installers , and there was nothing she could do to help me other than direct me to their website which I had of course already found via a Google search . Apparently this is a new policy as of Jan 1 2012 . Completely idiotic.At the end of the day , I 've spent $ 700 on the heater , $ 150 on parts for the install -LRB- new breakers , wire , and plumbing supplies -RRB- , and $ 150 on tools to diagnose the broken unit , and I am unable to get any tech support whatsoever . I noticed that only one of the two tanks is getting warm , so I suspect I 've got a bad heating element . I 'm going to give it a go with a new unit only because I 've already gone to the trouble of putting in new breakers to support this model . Despite the great concept and nice form factor , I could not in good conscience recommend this product to a friend based on the customer support -LRB- or rather complete lack of customer support -RRB- .
 I have never written a review , or a negative one at that , but feel so strongly about this product that I did not want others to make the same financial mistake . I purchased the Bosch AE115 Powerstar tankless electric hot water heater two years ago . Initial installation was very expensive compared to a regular hot water heater , and the performance was marginal at best , with the temperature constantly fluctuating . I bought the tankless hot water heater for a one bedroom cabin , and added a whole house water filter and installed a pressure reducer to ensure proper performance . However , after two years , it flat out stopped working - one of the heating elements stopped performing and the panel board blew . I called a certified plumber -LRB- which I was fortunate to find - many areas do not even have certified technicians for tankless hot water heaters since they cross electrical and plumbing disciplines -RRB- and spent hours paying them to trouble shoot with Bosch , only to have Bosch claim the results were inconclusive even though it was still under warranty and obvious that the heating element blew . I am now installing a regular hot water heater , after spending hundreds in maintenance calls . Do n't waste your money on this product - you will be sure to replace it sooner rather than later .
 Warranty - what warranty ??? First they are impossible to get ahold of , I 've called 3 times with over 2 hours of wait time , including getting disconnected , just to be told that the problem my technician is saying is the problem -LRB- a part under warranty -RRB- is not really the problem , it ca n't be ! But regardless I have to have the tech come back out and walk thru the testing with Bosch on the line , at Bosch 's convenience of course , to confirm it 's a problem . Oh and then the tech will explain how my professionally installed & permitted water heater is installed to ensure that does n't void the warranty , because of course professionally installed , permitted and finalled and inspected by PG&E does n't mean anything . Meanwhile , please note , that I am paying for all of this nonsense with my time , stress and money , because technicians are not free . Long story short I 'd rather pay for a tech & get any parts thru them and avoid Bosch altogether , I wo n't ever buy Bosch again !
 AE 115 . Control board failed after 2 years of little use in vacation cabin . Cost to fix is $ 278 . Internet shows many other failures . Poor quality . Do not buy .
 This is our second issue with our tankless water heater . While it was working we loved it . However , when you have a problem with it the customer service is terrible . You are on hold for at least 30mins before someone picks up the call . To top it all off you have to have an electrician on hand to test the components for the technical support person . If you the part is sent to you it takes at least 7 days !!
 I like so many others here had one of these units installed on a detached office that we built for our house . Worked intermittantly for a year and now has quit totally . Unfortunate to read all the bad reviews as I had always associated Bosch with quality - oh well.Update : Well come to find out you need a minimum flow rate -LRB- GPH I expect -RRB- on this unit that is higher than our shower head put out . Granted it is a low flow shower head but heck . We found out by turning on the sink the same time the shower was on and viola - the heater kicks on . We tried this after talking to someone else that had the same problem .
 I bought a PowerStar AE125 14months ago that cost me roughly close to $ 700.00 per unit -LRB- I bought two -RRB- . Well one stopped working and I tried to return it to Lowe 's but they told me to contact Bosch since it was over a year old . The horror story began . After being on the line for about an hour an a half , they requested information from me as if I was the electrician or plumber
 My wife and I had the water heater installed in 2002 when we had the house renovated thinking we would save money on our gas bill . Over the eight years maybe it did save a little money but that 's not the problem . The problem is the required maintenance on the unit to reach it 's advertised 15-20 year lifespan is so expensive it is n't worth it.One item is Bosch 's design of the water valve it has both cold and hot water going thru the same valve resulting in condensation and corrosion . While the valve is brass the screws attaching it to the in-line gas valve are all steel and after 8 years frozen tight and not removable . This was a bad thing because I had ordered a replacement water valve -LRB- $ 173 -RRB- from Bosch 's online parts ordering division `` House Needs '' , come to find out even though they have a return policy there is no refund no return on any Bosch parts . Advise from Bosch 's phone tech support -LRB- if you can get thru to them or by accident they return your call -RRB- was to also replace the perfectly good gas valve -LRB- $ 153 plus shipping -RRB- . Another deterrent is scale , that lime or calcium deposit that forms in many household appliances after years of use . Tankless water heaters seem to be especially susceptible to scale buildup . Perhaps it 's because of their compact size where intricate water metering devices are in close proximity to a large heat source . I do n't know I 'm not a hydraulic engineer , but I do know if my unit was a heart patient it looked like it needed a quadruple bypass when I opened it up . Naturally the 125B unit does not have any kind of flush capability built into the unit . All descaling requires additional plumbing be installed prior to mounting the unit and the purchase of a generic descaling kit -LRB- about $ 169 + shipping -RRB- . Still , I 've got to admit I 'm for the idea , I think something like the tankless water heater will be the way things are done in the future . I just think Bosch has major problems in their design , customer service and parts ordering divisions , it 's almost like they do n't plan on being in the tankless water heating business much longer .
 I purchased the Bosch AE125 Electric Tankless Water Heater 4 months ago and have regretted it . Several considerations should be taken.First the unit is not an analogue to a conventional tank-type water heater . It delivers hot water based upon a system that measures the incoming water temperature and flow rate and then `` calculates '' the number of elements -LRB- it actually has 6 -RRB- that it turns on to provide an outflow temperature based on the setting of the temperature control . This system is not satisfactory for a water supply which varies in pressure , SUCH AS A WELL , as the unit itself provides substantial resistance to flow and thus the flow rate through the unit varies and thus the temperature of the outgoing water . This causes the delivered water to vary widely in temperature , from VERY HOT to VERY COLD . The unit would be improved if it was `` smart enough '' to not only measure incoming temp , but , also , outgoing temperature and flow rate and maintain the outgoing temp at a constant level.Second
 My wife and I bought this from Lowes in summer 2006 thinking it would save our energy bills even though the initial cost for the unit and the required installation for a new electrical service to it was expensive . Right out of the box , the electrician we hired to install it had to order from Bosch a replacement control board because the one we got was bad . Fast forward to February 2008 , and we had issues with the control board again and no hot water for showers . Now we are screwed because that part is not covered in the warranty and costs roughly $ 300 dollars . Not to mention , it was difficult to reach Bosch Hot Water Technical Support because they put you on hold for God awful long time and they are really not that much help . All it is now is a hanging piece of junk on our wall . So , now my wife and I have decided to invest in a normal electric water heater that would just cost more or less the same as purchasing the control board . Buyers Beware ! The concept is great but , I do not recommend getting this product .
 This is fine if you have room in your circuit box for 3 separate 40 amp twin pole breakers because it requires 120 amps to operate . Most people have only 100 amp service to their house and if they do have 200 amp service rarely do they have a spare 120 amps . It must be wired with # 8 wire.This is for one fixture at a time and no more . There is very little that can be serviced on this and if it comes to that , it must be replaced . Water quality must be pristine because the hall effect switch is susceptible to fouling and is not replaceable . Power surges during storms are the death knoll of these . It has a rheostat type temp control you must bend down to see . Its easy to install but you have to purge the air out before starting or you will burn one or more of the three heating elements out . the older version was very crude and the heaters looked home made , the new plastic ones are an improvement . Take it from a former Bosch Authorized Service Rep do your homework carefully . Plumbers do not generally have the electrical background to work on these and Bosch does not publish the electrical values needed to test for performance . Even the most adept technician is going to be confused as to where to test if the heaters have failed and there is even less hope for the homeowner . Close but no cigar ...
 We bought this water heater in the beginning of 2005 the first one did n't work so we returned it for another . That one worked for right at 1 year then quit . I called the tech support and after being on hold for an hour was given an email that showed a diagram on how I could try to fix it . IT did n't work called them back and sat on the phone again for ever and when I finally spoke with someone the told me they would send out a replacement . I was then on the hook for another installation charge . The replacement work for just under 2 years and the water would n't get hot so I took the cover off to see if the reset buttons were tripped . One was so I reset it and flipped the breaker back on . The grey plastic box inside the unit lit up and sparks started flying out of it and that did n't stop until I shut the breakers off . So now we are with out hot water and need to buy a new water heater and pay to get it installed . I would tell you to heat water on the stove before you purchase one of these . I gave it a one star rating because there was nothing lower .
 I decided to purchase the Bosch unit because it seemed to have the best warranty . The unit failed upon start up , spent hours waiting on phone for tech support , tried to leave callback number by pressing 1 , tried this several times and the line would not transfer to operator -LRB- zero -RRB- or voice mail -LRB- one -RRB- , upon waiting several hours for tech support , and then going through several troubleshooting processes , I was advised that the unit was defective . I ended up purchasing a Stiebel Eltron 29 and I finally have hot water again . Also , after review of internal components , the Stiebel contained a much higher level of workmanship . The warranty is not as long as the Bosch unit , but it worked upon arrival and I have had zero problems or complaints thus far .
 I would rate the unit at a negative 100 . One of the worst items I purchased . Water would fluctuate , be too hot to stand on the lowest settings . This was installed by professionals in a new house . I got several error codes . Finally had enough and called tech support . I was on the phone 2 hours the first time I called and that was on hold . Then I spent another hour playing games with the unit.We spent over 10 hours talking to tech support over a month 's period . I had to switch the unit on and off to get a bath . Tech support said the supplier told me the wrong unit to buy . Another tech support told me that that was wrong . I had to take off a lot of time to get the gas and plumbing installers to come back and check their work which was correct.Finally I had enough and called the supplier . They worked with me to get me a credit . By the way that supplier no longer sells Bosch . Just give me your money instead of buy the Bosch unit . I can hand deliver consistent and dependable hot water better than Bosch . Oh yeah and you can get a straight answer from me without the long wait . Maybe the long wait shows that there are a lot of consumers that are having the same problems.Replaced with Rinnia and it works as designed .
 We bought this water heater first over 2 years ago and have had our electrician friend install/work on maintenance with this product . We like that the unit saves space and is not using electricity when we are not home . However , we are now on our third machine that has broken on us and left us without hot water for weeks at a time . We originally did not have a water filtration system so the water heater corroded and needed to buy a new unit since it was our fault . We bought a brand new AE125 water heater , since then we have had no hot water multiple times due to the system breaking on us . When there has been an issue , it has taken hours to problem solve what is wrong , one can only reach the company from 8am-5pm , and it has taken days for them to ship a new unit or new part to us . After having no hot water for multiple days/weeks more than 3 times between 3 separate units , I would not recommend the product to anyone !
 Read all reviews just listed and I can agree with each of them from experience ! The first one I purchased was nothing but problems and after receiving the second replacement , it did work approx . 4 yrs . and then the control board went out . It is an expensive product and maintaining with parts is not cheap . I can not see investing any more money in Bosch 's AE125 . In the long run , it does not save you on your electric bill considering the expense involved with parts and electricians ! The concept is great if it was a good product . Will return to the old style water heater . I have already discouraged a relative from purchasing and do not understand how they are still in business with no improvement in their product .
 We purchased this water heater 3 years ago to save on energy costs and it stopped working ! 3 years ??? We spent several hundred dollars having the problem diagnosed -LRB- bad control board -RRB- , several hundred more for the part -LRB- and only ONE company carried the part and had it in stock -RRB- , and we will spend more having the part installed . Bosch needs to own up to their faulty product and replace these parts for free or refund the money for the entire water heater . We will never purchase another Bosch product .
 I purchased this water heater because of its space saving feature and minimal electrical requirements and have regretted the purchase since . I was assured by the sales person this particular water heater would be perfect for my needs - very small house with one bathroom and small kitchen . I live in the panhandle of Florida where the climate is mild in the winter and steamy hot in the summer . The unit is installed in the linen closet inside the bathroom so it is not exposed to outside climate changes - which is apparently an issue in northern climates.The water has NEVER been above 100 degrees and is not consistently hot . The temperature fluctuates between somewhat hot and warm . I have spent hours on the phone with the technical support to no avail.If I had it to do over again I would have never purchased this unit and certainly would NOT recommend this water heater to anyone .
 had the unit in our small home when we bought the house . Had the heater for 3 yrs but not sure when it was installed . when it didnt work we bought the same model . within 14 months we changed the cut offs bc the unit instantly shut down . 7 months later i want the customer service to help but want me to have my plumber on hand to answer connection questions . unit cost 700ish and has cost over 500 after for my plumber to help with the 2nd problem i yrs . tech support rude and not helpful . i plead you to buy a different water heater . i am on the market as well now .
 We have battled with this Bosch tankless water heater for the last time tonight . It actually burned up on the wall tonight while I was taking a shower . We have made many long and unhelpful service calls to Bosch , only to be told to replace parts . We tried replacing the parts , but it never worked properly . Every day we had to reset the water heater to take a shower . We will never buy a Bosch product again because their service is not up to par and their product is even worse .
 Amazon , hello , with these kind of reviews you should drop this product for the sake of your own reputation . Signed
 This thing has been a dissappointment from day one - tolerable to a degree - but only barely . Lately it is now unable to stay working since the incoming water temperature has fallen -LRB- slightly -RRB- . As an Engineer I understand closed loop theory and whoever engineered this should be replaced . Just because the unit can not &#34; keep up &#34; with the temperature difference is no reason to shut off , rather it should at least &#34; try &#34; by staying on FULL TIME - lukewarm is better than freezing . There are simply not enought feedback sensors to allow this unit to function properly . POOR DESIGN !!!! If I had it to do all over again I would buy a standard 60 or 80 gallon standup water heater and make the room for it.Oh wait ... . I am having to do it all over again since it does n't work at all now .
 You might as well take the cash you would spend on this product outside , throw it in your lawn , and mow over it ... its truely a waste of money and Bosh customer service is n't much better ! Long wait time on the phone and for replacement parts ... they replaced our whole unit it broke again 6 months later and they said it was n't under warrenty any longer since we bought the first one over a year ago ???? go figure!save your time , headach , and money
 Bad product , unit ca n't be consistant , cold , hot , cold , hot ! You will be disappointed . If you have a well it will be worse , your pressure wo n't be consistant with out a regulator in the system . This was a mistake all the way around .
 DO NOT PURCHASE . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT!We have the powerstar AE125 . It worked O.K. for about 2 years , then it stoppped making hot water . My husband followed the Bosch online trouble-shooting guides with his multi-meter and eliminated everything they listed as a potential problem . When this turned up no solution , he called the tech . support line and was on hold for 20 minutes before someone answered . -LRB- they must have to take lots of problem calls . . -RRB- The people he dealt with were rude , and incompetent . They tried to say there was a plumbing cross-over or a incomming voltage issue , and there was absolutely no reason for this conclusion . It was obvious they were saying this just to get off the phone , and say it is n't their problem.We called a licened electrician to come investigate , and he quickly found the issue was the control board . This electrician also mentioned he had worked on several of these electric tankless powerstar heaters for other customers and has seen the same failure multiple times . We had to order a replacement control board from an online distributor for $ 160 , plus $ 40 for the electrician call . My husband was able to do the control board change out himself and the heater works again.After only 2 years of service , to be out of hot water for a couple days because of waiting on part delivery and troubleshooting time is unaceptable for any water heater . . Especially for one this expensive.If my husband did n't know what he was doing , we would have ended up out of pocket a lot more money , and a lot more time without hot water . Are we going to need to do this again in two years ? Will the control board even be available at that time ?? After reading several reviews from various places about the same issue and also hearing the feed-back from our electrician , this sounds like a common issue with this control board . Bosch/Powerstar has to know about this problem but are avoiding/ignoring it . I think it 's an interesting coincidence that all parts are only covered for 1 year , except for the heating elements which are covered for 10 years . The control board has a sticker on it `` made in Turkey . '' Oh yeah , there is a place known for electronics excellence ...
 This is by far the worst purchase of my life . If you have rural water or well water do not even waste your time and money . I have owned this product for over a year and have never been satisfied with it . The water pressure must be perfect for consistent hot water and should that pressure fluctuate be prepared to be frozen or scalded . If you need to contact a technical support person for help be prepared to wait on the phone for upwards of an hour and then be transferred to someone who has no clue how to fix your problem . At the present time my husband has been on hold for 1 hour trying to get help once again . We have no hot water , the light does not come on , the transducer does not spin , about the only thing going right is it does have electricity . This thing is going in the trash and we are going back to a tank heater .
 I purchased the refurbished larger AE125 unit . Did not wok right from the get go . Their warantee and customer support are a joke . I spent six hours ... yes I said six hours ... . on hold in three separate attempts to get help . When I finally did get a live person it was some clerical person who read from a script that required me to disassemble the unit and perform electrical tests that a regular person is not qualified to do . I gave up and reinstalled my old tank heater . anyone want to buy a tankless water heater cheap ?
 I have replaced this unit 3 times in the last six months . They last on the average from 1 month to 3 months . I have replaced 5 units in all from Bosh and I would never ever recommend this product to anyone . The worst dicision I have ever made in a hot water heater .
 Bought one of these AE125 's from Home Depot only to find out I did n't have sufficient power to run it ... requires 3 separate 40 Amp 2-Pole Circuit Breakers and Six # 8 Awg Wires + Ground -LRB- Min . 200 Amp Breaker Panel ... I had only one 220 amp circuit available ... not enough juice for this heater ... now I am stuck with unit as Home Depot would not accept returns on water heaters .
 After ordering quite a few of these in single double and triple switch versions and waiting quite some time for the order to arrive , well over a week , I found them at my local Lowes ! Same manufacturer even!To my amazement they were about 2 dollars cheaper for each version . The plug plates were up to 3 dollars cheaper at Lowes as well . Luckily I had only ordered a couple of them on here . I wish I would have checked with Lowes first as I would have saved quite a bit of money on the product as well as shipping , not to mention the ability to do returns simply if I needed to at my local store!Do no waist your time buying them here . Go to Lowes !
 I have used these units in several buildings . The biggest building being an 8 unit building all with 1 bedroom apartments . Each apartment has it own hot water heater.We have OVER a 60 % fail rate . First you do a LOT of electrical work to get to the point of being able to install it . Then you put it in and this what progresses : - day one works great and you think `` what a great idea I had '' ... - few weeks or months later it is hot for a minute , then warm , then cold as it runs - you reset the unit try and test everything , it works ok you think - get a call a day later it is the same warm then cold then warm showers - you take it out and return it to the store.I have replaced 3 yes THREE in one single apartment alone . All in all I bought 8 , for an 8 unit building , and have installed either new or replacements 18 , in a eight unit building that only has 8 on any given day , at this time . I am a whiz at getting them in and out.So if you are looking to waste money and a LOT of time as you replace it and try and fix it etc this is for you . These could not even sustain a 1 bedroom with ONE tenant . All my units have a single tenant in them ... I did call the company and they are very nice . The guy I was talking with was a technician on what they called the `` pro side '' for builders professional etc. . I explained everything to him and told him of my fail rate and he said that was possible . So they know of the problem , over 60 % fail rate did NOT even phase him , he obviously had heard about this plenty of times before me ...
 I 'm quite happy with this heater , except for 3 months out of the year . I live in Florida Tampa Area and figured this a warm climate , but if the temperature goes below 40 degrees the heater wo n't work , I have it in a carport shed , so no insulation . If I put a space heater in my shed and let it run for about an hour I 'll get some hot water after leaving the faucet running for 5 min . The whole thing is very annoying to say the least.So overall I do not recommend this heater except if you live somewhere where it never gets below 50 degrees .
 I moved into a new home and was thrilled to find it already had a bosch tankless water heater . The savings on gas is phenomenal ! Till the thing started having problems . Diligently I downloaded their user guide and read through the trouble shooting steps . But the problem persisted and got worse.At first the hot water kept cutting out in the middle of a shower and would not come on again for a couple of minutes . I found that by running the hot water on the vanity sink the shower would stay hot . But then I 'm using twice the amount of water , and after 4 months of doing so that did n't work any more.It got to where sometimes I had to turn on 3 hot water faucets so that I could the heater to kick in.I changed the scale filter , I flushed the systemAnd when none of those worked , I called a plumber.The plumber identified a faulty flow valve and called up Bosch . Bosch promptly refused to send a replacement valve even though the appliance is still under warranty . The licensed plumber becoming frustrated with the tech support person told me to speak to the support person that they might respond to home owner . Not only did he not respond , but when I offered to purchase the valve and have the plumber install it he refused to admit that the heater had any problems.Finally I became frustrated and called the heater a piece of fecal matter . He did not hand up on me then but only after I insisted on speaking with his manager so I did n't have to get angry.The guy was surly , rude and tenaciously refused even that courtesy . Instead , he hung up.I called their retail department thinking that they would be trained better in customer relations , the same attitude persisted.The customer care rep told me that I was yelling at the tech support person and using profanity and `` The tech support person has no reason to lie '' . I basically called for the replacement part and to complain about the hang up . I got no satisfaction there . Customer support told me `` Tech support has the say on who gets replacement parts `` So if you want to buy a product that `` Does n't work '' `` That does n't honor its warranty `` And who believes the customer is always wrong ; Bosch is the right product for you .
 I 've now been through 5 different units in slightly more than 5 years ! Extremely poor reliability . One heating element failure , three printed circuit board component failures , most distressing ! The units just wo n't last any length of time . I 've spent a lot of time trouble shooting , talking to customer service reps and technicians and far too much time and money ripping out old failed units and putting in new ones . I remodeled the space and area when I put in the first one and do n't have the space to put back in a tank style heater . It lasted 20 + years !
 I 've been using one of these for nearly two years to supply hot water for one shower and one sink . My water comes from a well and the pressure does fluctuate quite a bit , which causes the water to go hot-warm-hot-warm . This cycle will repeat several times during a shower and requires constant adjustments to maintain a comfortable temperature . After the initial installation I was not getting any hot water at the sink . It turned out to be a partially clogged screen in the faucet causing the flow rate to be too low to turn on the heater . I had not even noticed the clog before , it was still working fine . This heater requires more than a little bit of flow to turn it on . I used to leave warm water running slowly to clean my razor as I shave , not possible anymore with this heater , it must be full on to make heat . I used the heater here in the NE US where the groundwater temp is fairly constant around 54-56 degrees year-round , and the heater did not have a problem making very hot water even with the temperature setting at about 3/4 . A few weeks ago while I was taking a shower I heard a loud bang from the heater and the water briefly turned black . I let it run for a few minutes until it cleared up , and the water got cold . I found one of the breakers had tripped and actually been destroyed -LRB- will not reset -RRB- . I replaced the breaker , but the water heater still does not work , it goes hot-cold-hot-cold . I switched back to my other heat source -LRB- oil burner -RRB- and I 'm not sure if I 'll be repairing this unit because I really do n't feel like fixing it every few years . I was never 100 % satisfied with it . I expect any home appliance to last a minimum of five years trouble-free , especially one that requires fairly complex installation like this one . Very disappointing .
 5 years in with this heater , and I finally had to replace it . From the start this water heater has had a problem keeping water temperature consistent . It 's finally got to the point where we ca n't put up with it anymore . I went ahead and replaced it with a Stiebel Eltron Tempra 24 Plus , and it seems to be doing fine so far.Thing is this type of heater is supposed to last up to 15 or 20 years , and that 's where your savings comes in compared to the cost of a traditional tank heater . I 'm not going to get into it too much . Read some of the other reviews , and I 've had many of the problems they have had .
 We purchased a Powerstar AE 115 Electric Tankless Water Heater , and while it worked fine for 4 years before the heat exchanger started leaking and caused it to short out BOSCH will not honor the 10 year warranty on the exchanger because it was defective . Why?Because instead of using two 40 amp breakers , the electrician used two higher amp fuse to ensure safety . What happened to the good old days when people stood behind their products ? Now I am stuck with a worthless unit , and will have to shell out money I do n't really have to get another one !! Yes I am bitter about it !! And it will not be replaced with a BOSCH product ! Any Suggestions ?
 REPORTED 60 % FAILURE RATES FOR SMALL HOUSEHOLDS AND COLDER AREAS . MINE DIED JUST SHORT OF 3 YEARS OLD . CRUCIAL PARTS WITH ONLY A 1 YEAR WARRANTY FAIL AND THEN YOU HAVE BOAT ANCHOR LOWES HARDWARE DISAPPOINTED AND APOLOGETIC . MUCH OF THIS PRODUCT IS FROM PORTUGAL AND BOSCH IS N'T STANDING BEHIND THEIR WORK . . B U Y A M E R I CA N and read your WARRANTY.THIS IS A BOAT ANCHOR WAITING TO HAPPEN .
 This product should not be sold . We dedicated this unit for one shower and a soaker tub . Showering with it is not pleasurable at all ! It is hot then ice cold , then scolding hot , then cycles between luke warm and scolding hot .
 I had this unit installed in a one bath , single occupancy home in 8/10 . As of 3/11 this unit has a burned out element . When contacting Bosch customer service I was reminded that the warrenty only covers parts . I was instructed to hire an electrician to check it and have that electrician contact Bosch 's tech dept to troubleshoot . I would not waste my time nor money having this substandard unit fixed . I 've never been happy with it 's performance . The water temperature has always fluctuated wildly . I plan to have it replaced with a quality product by a company that stands behind their product .
 My heater failed this week . The professional that came to replace it , confirm many more cases where the same unit failed . According to many people , the American brands are more reliable . I just changed my for a Titan N210 . Even when the Bosch AE115 were working , it did not work properly for the winter in South Florida .
 I had a Bosch Powerstream tankless electric water heater installed when I built our home 5 yrs ago . The heater never did work properly as it would always change temps while using the water . Only for about one minute but long enough to notice while in a shower . Finally , it gave out after five yrs and I called the 800-798-8161 line for assistance . The person I spoke with was very difficult to understand as he was foreign . He also had a terrible attitude and acted as if he was doing me a favor by speaking to me . He was unable to solve the problem and was not able to advise how to proceed . So I threw out the Bosch and bought a hot waster heater at a much lower price than Bosch 's tankless ones . I will never by a product of theirs again .
 I 'm sure if you live in warm climate , wo n't matter if replacement flag is metal or plastic . Living in Northeast , plastic wo n't do . First hit by snowplow pushing 3ft snow/slush will shatter it . Was not aware this flag was plastic -LRB- as are all the parts that come with it -RRB- until it arrived . The picture is misleading as it looks heavy duty , when in fact it is flimsy plastic , made in China . Luckily I also bought one from Fulton Corp for about same price , which is made in USA and is metal .
 I ordered the Solar mailbox replacement kit and received the Gibrartor mailbox kit . Careless selection at order filling caused this problem . I used the original parts to replace the mailbox flag and threw the new parts away . Moral of this story is , make sure you get what you order .
 When the flag on my mailbox started falling off all the time , I bought this flag as a replacement . Once it arrived , I discovered that it requires a machine screw and nut which are NOT included ! So , I wasted 20 minutes looking in the hardware aisle at the local department store for the required screw , which they did n't have . Now I have to wait until I can get to a home improvement place for it . Either way , I will have to pay for a WHOLE package of machine screws and a WHOLE package of nuts I will probably never use . How hard is it to include a little screw and nut in the package ? Now my mailbox flag has to stay broken for a few more days . What a ripoff !
 I have only used this 8 months and there is so much metal pieces comming out of faucet it is plugging up . I am not at all happy with this unit and will remove it and junk it . It must be very poorly made .
 This was a replacement for a GSW Spacesaver Model SS025 undersink water heater that had provided excellent service for 5 years . I had this Bosch unit installed by the same plumber that had installed the earlier one . Installation was simple and the unit appeared to work . As long as switch is illuminated and the unit is on , the water is hot . Once it shuts off , it will not turn back on to maintain the water in the tank at 120 degrees . The tank must not be well insulated because the water cools quickly . The water is warm then cold . After I run about a gallon out of it , it will turn on and the water gradually gets hot .
 I bought two GL2 .5 water heaters in 3/2006 & installed one for a master bedroom and the other for the kitchen sink w/a T to dishwasher . Very nice to have hot water fast . Otherwise have to wait for it to come from attic quite some distance . BUT the directions suggest CLEANING it out every year . This pretty much means uninstall it if in a tight location ! Turn upside down to drain , descale element and REPLACE ANODE ! Every YEAR ! Have you ever done that with a water heater ... and they last 10 yrs . no problem ! Well here , I did not do that & the first started to fail in late 2007 . The thermostat breaker would kick off & I would reset it . Then that stopped working and I ordered a replacement thermostat in 4/2008 from Grainger . That worked & then we had our main circuit breaker kicking off easy . I think it was shorting through the mineral deposits ! Unknown to me at the time ... Then the tank fails mid-2009 . Soon in Fall 2009 the 2nd unit had a tank failure -LRB- fyi , it never had the breaker or thermostat trip first -RRB- . Both units were a mess to clean up . Lucky we were home . These are not safe w/o access and the recommended pan . The pan should be deep and have a drain & water alarm . The yearly service MUST be done . Just not worth it so I put everything back the way it was originally . Why not use a better tank and design ? How they are now is asking for trouble unless you are very good w/scheduled preventive maintenance .
 Received unit in good condition . The unit you see is covered with more stickers than a kid 's skateboard , badly located and applied sloppily . As I 'm a technical writer , I 'm kind of loopy about reading the documentation before I do anything . After reading the specific instructions for this unit , I noticed a huge omission
 Yes , the tankless water heater works well , but the warranty is a sham . Ours is only 3 years old and we have to buy a new one . Called Bosch after our electrician said the electricity was getting to the unit and not to the elements , but Bosch wants additional information that can only be provided by an electrician with a `` multimeter '' -LRB- while iI pay the electrician to be on hold for 40 minutes ?! -RRB- and then Bosch will UPS parts out ... and if that does n't work they will replace the unit . Hey folks , that 's two weeks without hot water ! In addition , the folks at Bosch were just plain rude .
 Do n't be fooled - it looks gorgeous when you buy it , and then it rusts out after a couple of years . Anode rod completely disappeared & thermostat conked out - and we have very clean water . Full of rust particles - you have to spend an afternoon to un-install it , disassemble it , clean it out , and replace the anode rod -LRB- $ 30 w/shipping -RRB- every year . And if any stray current leaks , forget it - the anode rusts out immediately and the tank fails , possibly flooding your house.Buried somewhere on Page 8 of the manual , in-between 100 labels that say `` CAUTION
 After about a year and a half of use , the unit started leaking water out of the relief valve . No one noticed until we had significant water damage to the sink cabinet and underlying floor . Not sure what the problem is but this unit seems to have real problems with thermal expansion . I thought the whole point of these units is to eliminate the big tank . If you need a big expansion tank to deal with the water , what 's the point ?
 Our Ariston 2.5 gal mini water heater failed after exactly 3 years , leaking water rapidly from the core . A near disaster in our newly remodeled kitchen . Lucky it happened in the evening when both my wife and I were home and could immediately shut off the water deal with it . Minor water damage inside the kitchen cabinet , but we saved our oak floors and cherry cabinet faces . This could have easily caused thousands of dollars of damage . What they do n't tell you is a small water heater can leak just as fast as a large one , as your water system provides unlimited pressurized water . I do n't recommend this unit , as there is too much down-side risk of water damage.What they also do n't tell you is it 's difficult to fit one of these under a kitchen sink . We have a standard size kitchen cabinet / sink setup , and this 2.5 gal unit barely fit under the sink . We installed the smallest 1/3 hp garbage disposal we could find , and the disposal shell and this water heater cleared each other by less than 1/2 inch . Adjusting the temp . required yoga-like flexibility.We did not replace the heater element or drain out the unit yearly as the manufacturer evidently recommends , so maybe that is the lesson here for others . That would also be a deal-breaker for me , just too much maintenance time and cost involved , and any time you handle or operate on the unit you risk damage to the seals . We liked the unit at first , giving immediate hot water for intimmitent use such as washing hands or rinsing dishes . The temperature began to vary unpredictably after the 2nd and 3rd years of use , probably the result of degradation and scale on the heating element . We have soft / clear water here with low mineral content , so it was surprising that the unit is so vulnerable to build-up and degradation .
 Reflect exactly what the other negative reviewer stated . That recommendation about cleaning the tank ? Well if you do n't you void the warranty ... . I know , who reads the fine print , but depending where you put it , you may have to TAKE THE DOWN , in order to TAKE IT APART AND REPLACE THE ELEMENT INSIDE , or void the warranty , and do this every year . Looks all good and nice , but who remembers to do that , and who wants to keep buying elements even if you remember to to do it every year . Do you honestly think that you will remember to do it ? Oh yea , `` Honey , remember that it 's been a year since installation of that water heater , you have to take it apart and to replace the inside elements that I remember to order last month . '' NO , I 'm more sure of
 I purchased the Bosch GL2 .5 Ariston and the problem was immediate . The water was only lukewarm in the morning and would only come up to the 125 degree setting 15 minutes after using it to wash my face -LSB- in the lukewarm water -RSB- I called the service department and got some pretty fancy explainations of what it could be , non of which made any sense . . They refused to admit it is a faulty thermostat which they should replace . When I asked to speak to a supervisor I was put on hold and the supervisor never came to the phone . This happened twice . . we were hoping to get a more customer oriented person the second time.I am going to try one more call , and then write a letter to the company.Amendment
 In April , 2006 I had an Ariston GL4 installed under our kitchen sink ; it worked well , providing hot water to the sink and dishwasher . But it would trip the circuit breaker frequently . It came with a 6 year warranty on the tank.In March , 2008 rusty water began leaking from the top of the unit . I called BBT North American Corporation in Vermont , the distributer , and they sent another unit by Federal Express.They mentioned nothing about heating rod maintenance . It was installed at a cost of $ 250.00 by a different plumber , since the original installer went out of business.In August , 2010 a large leak occurred in the same place in the second one as the first . To save my floor I had it removed and contacted BBT North America again . They requested that I send them a digital photo of the element , which I had to remove myself . I am awaiting their response.I requested a refund , which they declined . The original installer is nowhere to be found and the installer of the second one says he has no responsibility for a refund.Under maintenance instruction on page 7 of the manual which came with the second unit -LRB- not the first -RRB- there is no mention of yearly service to the heating element . On the first page in small print under item # 9 is mentioned that failure to service the anode rod at least once a year could cause the tank to leak.This warning should have been written in red in big letters under the word `` WARNING '' . Neither installer mentioned to me the need of yearly maintenance of the heating rod nor did BBT North America when requesting the first replacement.I consider this product a defective , hazardous piece of equipment which should be taken off the market . At least the manual should be re-written with a prominent warning of the necessity of carrying out an expensive yearly maintenance of the heating rod , and all installers should be required to tell the customer of the required maintenance of the rod.Had I known of the required maintenance I would not have bought this product .
 been using this for a year now . No problems . Bosch is a quality name . I have been familiar w/Bosch since my foreign car garage in the ' 70 's . The hot water temperature varies from day to day ... ? it ranges from lukewarm to scalding ???? in the same 24 hr period . this is in my wife 's bathroom so I do n't use it often . -LRB- yes , we have separate bathrooms -RRB- were spoiled in America.Maybe Bosch is made in China now ? It was n't expensive . If it were square , and not rounded , it would fit better under the sink .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I had the authorized Bosch Aquastar installation professional survey my home for installaion of this water heater . He took one look at the AQ3 and said it was n't appropriate . For one thing , Bosch mandates that the exhaust be constructed of 4 '' stainless steel . This equipment is 3 '' and the main exhaust vent pipe is aluminum . In some climates , the fumes react with moisture in the air and form acid -LRB- think acid rain -RRB- . The acid and water accumulate in this corrugated pipe and drip back into the unit . This means that the main vent will fail , and then cause the water heater to fail.Unless you live in the high desert , do n't use this installation kit . I 'm returning mine .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I purchased this unit because of good experiences with Bosch products . This one is an exception . It is used to keep a hot water recirculation loop warm . A large Bosch instant gas hot water heater is the primary heating source . The Ariston unit has been installed per a layout in the Bosch instant unit manual . Everything was fine for about a year . Then the Arriston unit began to stop functioning . Finally found a tiny reset button under the front cover -LRB- which is anything but easy to access -RRB- . Had to constantly reset the unit to keep it going . Called tech support with Bosch . They said that I had the temp too hot on the Arriston . Tried to lower the heating set point . This is not labeled . It helped for a short time and then the trips began again . Am going to throw this piece of junk in the garbage and buy a different brand .
 We were wasting water running the tap while waiting for hot water at the kitchen sink . I installed an Ariston GL4 water heater in line on the hot water pipe and loved it until the tank failed & flooded the cabinet it was installed in . It barely lasted 2 years.The water coming out of the hot supply turned the clear PEX tubing orange from rust - the cold input is still clear as new . I see I am not the only person this happened to . I 'm disappointed because I waited a long time to buy + install ; now 2 years & $ 200 later I 'm back at square 1 . This item is made in China - you draw your own conclusion - but I 'm tired of buying appliances you throw away instead of fix . I 'll research a little better next time . If I were you , I 'd keep looking .
 Okay , first of all , I bought a 2.5 gallon tank and not this 4 gallon tank , but my review is for the manufacturer 's lack of customer service and lack of warranty.Here 's the review I wrote for the unit I bought from Eemax . I think that no one should buy products from them , as there are other products out there that are more reliable and have better customer service and better warranties than Eexmax.I bought this product exactly a year ago and had it installed probably 360 days ago . It stopped working about a month ago . It only worked for 11 months.I figured it was under warranty and looked for the manual . The manual said it had a 2 year warranty for electrical and 5 years for leaking . But the manual is worded misleadingly.They will not replace the unit . What they want the customer to do is to pay someone to diagnose the problem . If it 's electrical , the manufacturer will only send us the part that went bad . Then we would have to pay for someone to make the repairs . To me , this is not a warranty at all . For a unit that cost $ 150 or so , that would mean $ 150 in repairs , which means basically it 's no warranty as you 're spending just as much to repair a crappy unit , as you would to replace it . And for it to be faulty in 11 months is unacceptable.They did n't even feel remorseful that the unit did n't even work properly for 11 months ! That means they must be used to people having early problems with their product -LRB- s -RRB- . If only my review could end here , I would be happy . But no ... . it must go on , because the people who work there are apparently so used to disgruntled customers , that I had a colorful experience with their customer service . I will just sum it up as briefly as possible .1 . The phone was not answered on many occasions .2 . When the phone was answered , no one identified their name and only under continuous prodding from me -LRB- after evasive maneuvers from them -RRB- did I get a name and extension number -LRB- after some apprehension -RRB- .3 . They changed their story on several occasions.a . First they said if we bought it from someone else other than the manufacturer , the warranty was void , but they would try to give us credit through the seller.b . Then they said that the product code identifies the manufacturing date and that the warranty is only valid from the date of manufacturing and not the date of purchase , because he thought we had a one year warranty.c . When I informed him that the manual says `` two years from date of purchase '' he said `` oh that 's good news . '' Like we would get a replacement . But then he began to ask if the light was on the unit . I told him that we had the unit removed to have it diagnosed -LRB- truth is I already had it replaced since we had another back up unit and we need hot water without waiting -RRB- . Then he said , that it had to be connected to be diagnosed , and hinted that I should call back later . After I pushed him and said , okay , let 's say we have a diagnosis and it 's electrical -LRB- obviously because it 's not a leak we have a problem with . Instead , our problem is that it stopped heating , which anyone can tell you is electrical -RRB- what do we do then ? It was only then he said that we could have the faulty part sent out to us , and that we would have to perform the repairs ourselves.DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT UNLESS YOU PLAN ON INSTALLING AND DOING THE REPAIRS YOURSELF . I SPENT $ 200 ON INSTALLATION AND THEN REMOVAL AND RE-INSTALLING A DIFFERENT UNIT . IF THIS IS THE PRICE I HAVE TO PAY ANNUALLY TO HAVE HOT WATER , SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE AND BUY A UNIT FROM ANY OTHER MANUFACTURER . I 'VE HAD A PREVIOUS UNIT FROM ANOTHER MANUFACTURER WORK FOR 7 YEARS WITH NO PROBLEMS.DONOTBUYTHISPRODUCTORANYPRODUCTFROMEEMAX .
 Please be aware that the manufacturer of Ariston brand does not have presense in US . I had purchased a washer/dryer from them in 2006 and it was sold to me with a full 2-year warranty -LRB- one of the reasons to choose it then -RRB- . Now it is broken and they do n't want to honor the warranty telling that they have no legal obligations to do so .
 how do I replace this unworkable item?and where to send it back?I had ordered a lot of stuff already , but whom can help me ?
 My well produces 6 GPM . I have a tankless water heater and I waste water until the hot water arrives . I put the 4 gal . ariston in series with the water heater for the downstairs shower-it works great - instant hot water . I also put a 2 gal . ariston under the kitchen sink . They both save us water . The tankless water heater heats on demand so every time you turn the valve you fire up the water heater . In the kitchen I hooked the ariston to the cold water -LRB- it takes too long for hot water -RRB- Works fine for me since I do most of the dishes by hand . The fridge has cold water for drinking . These heaters are easy to install so it can be changed in about 5 min . Bill CA .
 Purchaced this product for a small bathroom with one shower . It heats hot enough , but will not provide anymore than 4 gallons of hot water . When it runs out , it dose n't even come out warm . A 6 + gallon unit might allow a decent shower . I believed the unit would provide unlimited hot water for showering . As it is now , I have to run on half flow and shut off shower head intermittently to allow a decent shower . I am still in search of a point of use heater for my shower . They aparently do n't sell those here in the States . I remember seeing a waterproof unit that attaches just before the shower head , with a thermostat , that allows for constant hot water.Mike B
 This water heater is being advertised as a 1500 Watt unit , drawing 12.5 A at 120 Volts . It is a bogus rating ! My measurements show that it draws only 9 Amps at 120 Volts - approx . 30 % less then what is shown on the nameplate . While it does do a good job with only 1100 Watts , the manufacturer should be taken to task for false labeling . Additionally , in order to adjust the temperature , you have to remove 3 plastic covers and 3 screws to make a simple change to the thermostat setting . Good idea - bad implementation .
 installed this heater , after letting it run for 30 minutes I only got slightly warm water . Verified the input voltage and the wattage used . Waste of money
 The 4 gal Artiston was shipped without a manual , so I had this water-heater installed by a pro-plumber and had to pay for his time , of course . It turned on - but never supplied hot or even warm water . Now I have to send it back - what a hassle ! I just read in a consumer review that the main problem might be the of setting an internal thermostat ... how and by whom ? This is not a product for me !
 I have 2 tankless water heaters in my house -LRB- one on each end of the house -RRB- . I added a 6 gallon tank to one of them to see if it would allow me to get hot water faster while the tankless water heater starts to heat up . I purchased an A.O.Smith for this and it worked great . For 4 years it has plugged away and I 've never thought about it for a second . I 've never had to touch it even one time so it 's covered in dust and spider webs . I love it.Two years later , I asked the plumber to put the exact same water tank into my house on the other tankless water heater . Instead , he installed this one by Ariston -LRB- Bosch -RRB- . After I saw what he did , I told him this was n't the same brand , but he assured me that this was far better . It was * NOT * better.From the very beginning , the thermostat circuit kept triggering and shutting off because it said the water was too hot . Even when I turned it down to a very low temperature , it kept triggering . I would have to run down the basement and reset the tank . After many months of this and calls to the plumber , he told me to call their customer service line . Ariston -LRB- owned by Bosch -RRB- sent me a new thermostat and told me to install it . I installed it with some difficulty because the instructions on how to do this were terribile.It fixed the problem for about 6 months , then it started triggering again . At first occasionally . Now it triggers every day . I get lots of exercise running the stairs . I assure you that I 'm monkeying with this thing so much that it does n't have any dust or spider webs on it . It 's squeaky clean.I called tech support and asked for a new thermostat again . They told me that my warranty expired and I was on my own . The guy on the phone , Scott , was rude and condescending.His `` help '' to me consisted of accusing me of not reading the manual and not using the unit as described . He spent about 30 minutes on the phone being rude , interrupting me , and being sarcastic . I try to be polite with customer service and tech support so I did not reciprocate as Scott seemed to want to draw me into an argument . This is the kind of person that they hire for customer service ??? Finally , Scott said that I was going to have to remove the unit from the wall , drain the water , pull out the heating coil and examine it for damage . I explained to Scott that I am not a plumber and I did n't feel comfortable unbolting a water heater from the wall , draining it , and disassembling it . Also , I said that even if I did that then I would n't know what a bad heating unit even looked like . I asked him if Ariston would reimburse me for the cost of hiring a plumber to do this and he said that they would not.I then told him that I was going to have the unit replace with an A.O.Smith brand like I have on the other side of the house and that I would write a bad review on Amazon and Angie 's List . Here it is.From the other reviews that I have read on Amazon , others find this to be a good water tank . But it seems like I got a lemon . Ariston customer service did not stand behind the product or try to help me out . Instead , they were rude and confrontational.When I purchase a product like this , I do n't expect to spend the rest of my life babysitting it . I just want to buy it , install it , and then forget that it even exists.This is not such a water heater.Also , if I end up with a lemon , I want the company to realize that those things will happen occasionally and stand behind the product and help fix the situaiton . This was not my experience . This was terrible customer service.Please do yourself a favor and get a different brand .
 I 've had two of these Ariston water heaters and they work very well as a booster on a long hot water line . However , the first one we had developed a leak after about 5 years . Both had the problem that they added a significant amount of sediment to the hot water line . I think this was either from a sacrificial anode or from corrosion to the tank . Either way , the sediment kept clogging up the filters on my sink faucet and washing machine and dishwasher . The dishwasher clog led to worse problems . The intake valve got clogged and failed to shut off the water going into the dishwasher . This led to a small flood , which luckily , I was able to spot before the entire house was destroyed . It did do some damage to our kitchen floor , which now needs refinishing . After that , we removed the hot water heater and replaced it with an on-demand recirculating pump . No more problems with clogs , and less use of electricity . Moral of the story
 We installed this unit about 4 years ago , and it worked fine and the install was simple.However , it started leaking within the warranty period and found it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to deal with the lousy customer service . Had to wait forever and finally got someone who said I need to talk to someone else where they would want my life history about this product . After 4 hours I just gave up.While this is n't a lot of money , this kind of service is totally unacceptable.I filed a complaint with the BBB.Never again .
 I purchased one of these units about 3 years ago for my kitchen sink . It was wonderful . However just under 3 years it started leaking . Then the entire unit went out . A lot of money for such a short life . I would not purchase another one of these . Just too much money for such a short time .
 I just ordered my fourth Ariston 4 gallon heater because the 3rd one blew out after 3 yrs 4 months . -LRB- All three previous Aristons were installed with plumber that I trust . -RRB- This is my 3rd flood using this same brand so now I know to replace it every three years and go no longer . This is the only tank that will fit under our kitchen sink so I 'm stuck using this brand and size.We have adjusted to using a 4 gallon tank and when we replaced our dishwasher we purchased one that has an internal heater so that we have hot water throughout the dishwasher cycle.If you have space for a larger tank WH and a different brand I would strongly advise purchasing a different brand . When our Ariston 4 gallon WH that serves the laundry room died I was able to replace it with a 6 gallon of another brand . It was a very tight fit , though.Because the 4 gallon Ariston tank is so small we keep the thermostat turned up all the way to have enough hot water for normal kitchen use but we do have to be careful of the very hot water and use less water than most people are accustomed to using in the kitchen . This may be one reason the water heaters failed after three years but that is not acceptable . Our water pressure is not high ; rather normal.Choose another brand .
 I bought this on sale to supply a kitchen sink and the tank failed in under two years . Replaced with a Reliance 6 gallon . We 'll see ...
 Will NOT warm water much less produce HOT water for hand washing . The water MIGHT be 10 degrees warmer than the cold tap .
 This unit suited my needs fine until it failed -LRB- two times -RRB- . The first unit lasted less than two years , the second almost three . I purchased the unit from Home Depot and they replaced the first heater but directed me to the manufacture for the second one . After about twenty minutes on hold , I was connected with a technician . The man shot a multitude of questions at me in a very rude manner.Bottom line is that they do n't honor the six year warranty if you do not replace the `` anode rod '' once a year.I will never purchase anything made by this company again.Bosch GL4 Ariston 4-Gallon Point-of-Use Indoor Electric Mini-Tank Water Heater
 So i ordered this online , went to homedepot and got the water hook ups . It wont power on , the book gives you some troubleshooting tips then says to call bosch if you need help . I called they said that i have to have a electrician or plumber there for trouble shooting , well if i am going to get one here why would i call them ? So the point is if it works thats great , on the down side if it doesnt they arent going to help you or rather your going to need to pay for it . i would go with a different brand if i were y' all .
 I installed this mini-tank water heater three weeks ago to provide hot water for my washer machine . It worked just for two weeks . Now the heating light remains off and no hot water at all no matter how I adjusted the temperature knob . I called Bosch customer center and I was shocked to learn that the manufacturer warranty on this unit only covers the parts , not the labor . I have never heard about something like that in terms of warranty ! My advice is do n't buy it .
 The GL 6 + worked fine from March to November . It quit producing any hot water for Thankgiving . Amazon is not involved in returns for warranty . That 's OK , but Bosch the maker has the worst Customer Service phone service I have ever encountered . After 30 minutes on the worst hold screeching music I briefly talked to a human , and was cut off after less than a minute . Maybe the email I sent them will recieve a better treatment . My take on such things is buy the unit use it , and if works for 6 months count your blessings , and be prepared to throw the unit in the trash - forget stupid claims of warranties that require an act of God to be honored .
 Smart looking package , was what I needed to replace my worn out LP water heater , and at half the price . Easy to install under the bathroom sink/cabinet . Since it would fit nicely in the horizontal I had to install the pop-off valve on the side , not a problem , then attach the included brass plug in the side between the in and out water lined . After turning on the water the brass plug leaked . So I had to drain the water , this time instead of using Teflon tape I tried pipe dope . Same problem . Since it was a plug and was flush with the surface I decided to try a 2 1/2 '' x 3/4 '' pipe with a cap on one end . Wrapped it with Teflon tape ; Leaked just as bad.Called a plumber friend , told him the situation . He said I received a unit that was tapped oversize . With the poor quality of workmanship he finds it frequently.Solution
 This unit it made by the same company that lowes sells for 1 extra gallon you can get it for $ 208.00 7 gallon unit ill be buying this from lowes . Rated one star for price
 The unite was defected or it was damaged in shipping.It was leaking water as soon as was pluged in , it 's returned for replacement or credit.Al
 Received the first product but the round cut outs from the manufacturer were not cut correct to accept the pressure relief valve and the stopper plug . Replaement sent quickly ; however , it was damaged in shipping . Returned for refund.Customer very good but manuafacter and shipping damange an issue .
 I have 2 tankless water heaters in my house -LRB- one on each end of the house -RRB- . I added a 6 gallon tank to one of them to see if it would allow me to get hot water faster while the tankless water heater starts to heat up . I purchased an A.O.Smith for this and it worked great . For 4 years it has plugged away and I 've never thought about it for a second . I 've never had to touch it even one time so it 's covered in dust and spider webs . I love it.Two years later , I asked the plumber to put the exact same water tank into my house on the other tankless water heater . Instead , he installed this one by Ariston -LRB- Bosch -RRB- . After I saw what he did , I told him this was n't the same brand , but he assured me that this was far better . It was * NOT * better.From the very beginning , the thermostat circuit kept triggering and shutting off because it said the water was too hot . Even when I turned it down to a very low temperature , it kept triggering . I would have to run down the basement and reset the tank . After many months of this and calls to the plumber , he told me to call their customer service line . Ariston -LRB- owned by Bosch -RRB- sent me a new thermostat and told me to install it . I installed it with some difficulty because the instructions on how to do this were terribile.It fixed the problem for about 6 months , then it started triggering again . At first occasionally . Now it triggers every day . I get lots of exercise running the stairs . I assure you that I 'm monkeying with this thing so much that it does n't have any dust or spider webs on it . It 's squeaky clean.I called tech support and asked for a new thermostat again . They told me that my warranty expired and I was on my own . The guy on the phone , Scott , was rude and condescending.His `` help '' to me consisted of accusing me of not reading the manual and not using the unit as described . He spent about 30 minutes on the phone being rude , interrupting me , and being sarcastic . I try to be polite with customer service and tech support so I did not reciprocate as Scott seemed to want to draw me into an argument . This is the kind of person that they hire for customer service ??? Finally , Scott said that I was going to have to remove the unit from the wall , drain the water , pull out the heating coil and examine it for damage . I explained to Scott that I am not a plumber and I did n't feel comfortable unbolting a water heater from the wall , draining it , and disassembling it . Also , I said that even if I did that then I would n't know what a bad heating unit even looked like . I asked him if Ariston would reimburse me for the cost of hiring a plumber to do this and he said that they would not.I then told him that I was going to have the unit replace with an A.O.Smith brand like I have on the other side of the house and that I would write a bad review on Amazon and Angie 's List . Here it is.From the other reviews that I have read on Amazon , others find this to be a good water tank . But it seems like I got a lemon . Ariston customer service did not stand behind the product or try to help me out . Instead , they were rude and confrontational.When I purchase a product like this , I do n't expect to spend the rest of my life babysitting it . I just want to buy it , install it , and then forget that it even exists.This is not such a water heater.Also , if I end up with a lemon , I want the company to realize that those things will happen occasionally and stand behind the product and help fix the situaiton . This was not my experience . This was terrible customer service.Please do yourself a favor and get a different brand .
 The unit I have had for a number of years started to produce less hot water . I called customer service to talk to a technician . I was told I had to be an electrician before they would answer questions . Now why would I have my electrician or plumber call ? The whole idea is to avoid a service call . Customer no service Boasch !
 This may have come to me used and faulty but my experience has been underwhelming . Hot water temp is about a 6 or a 7 compared to normal heated tap water and the heated reservoir seems to expire well below the 6 gallon amount . Sadly it 's stuck to my wall not going anywhere anytime soon .
 The product arrived either broken or immediately broke.The bar adjusting pin , part # 530053068 , is as flimsy as could have been produced.It only costs $ .40 to replace , but with shipping it 's over $ 6 ! I would never buy anything in this brand again and recommend that no one else does either .
 I ordered this chain saw based on the description that stated it could be used with up to a 100 foot extension cord . 75 feet from my house is a heavily wooded area that I 'm trying to clear of downed trees . As a female , the thoughts of electric vs. gas just seemed safer . I unpacked this wonderful piece of equipment anxious to clean up my property . As I read through the owners manual , I came to the page that stated that a cord greater than 50 feet is not recommended . Well , that was n't going to do me any good ! I returned the saw and purchased a gas model in it 's place . I received a very prompt refund from Amazon . The reviews on the electric saw were outstanding which is why I had chosen this particular model . As long as you do n't need to go beyond 50 feet , I think it would be a great deal .
 This product stopped working after one use and it was too late to return it to Amazon . I contacted a dealer who said they might be able to fix it but they are not located near me .
 I really can not rate this product properly . I received it very quickly but the item would not run and I had to return it .
 We had a storm blow through my part of Michigan in early September . I ended up with some trees that needed cutting up and me without a saw . Did a little searching and this saw , even though it had it 's detractors , was not rated too badly . I should have listened . Pulled it out of the box and all seemed well . It cut through green wood like butter . Why would n't it , it was brand new . I quickly noticed though that there was no oil residue from the chain . I am not a chainsaw expert , and I though `` Maybe because it 's new it does n't use as much . '' Stupid , stupid , stupid . Anyway make a long story even longer , Poulan blog guy said stop using the saw and take it a service center . MUCH easier said than done . Nobody wants to touch electrics . After calling and/or traveling to almost a dozen , I said `` Wait a minute , this is a brand new saw . Why the heck am I trying to get it repaired ? '' I 'm a little slow sometimes . Came back to the Amazon web site and within 5 minutes I had a UPS shipping label in my hand and in less than 2 weeks I had my money back . I went to Lowe 's and bought a WORX electric and it rocks ! Do n't waste your time or money on this saw .
 I just did not have any good luck with this saw , they all burned up , or just stop working all together , and I had a few of them , all had to be returned , I gess enough is enought .
 Two units arrived not working - would not even turn on.Unit is very cheap and wo n't hold up for long.Basic design has cheap gears and oiler pump.The HP rating is overstated -1 HP = 746 watts , 4 HP = 2984 watts = 24.9 AmpsThus , this unit is more like 2 HP not 4 HP.Compare the HP rating with Husqvarna or Stihl.At least I was n't charged for anything .
 This product works fine for the very first 5 minutes , and then black smoke coming out of the motor compartment vent . After that , it quits , and nothing happens when you press the trigger . I saw other customers having the same encounter with this product . Seems like it 's got a quality control problem at the factory .
 My mistake -- I waited months until I need to use the chainsaw before trying it out and ... nothing . It does n't work out of the box . I guess my situation is rare , so I ca n't complain about most users ' experience with this chainsaw . I 'll probably take it apart to see if it 's just the switch as I have nothing to lose at this point . If I get it working , well , I 'll update this .
 With all the great reviews , I bought this saw from Amazon . Worked great for a while until the oil pump quit pumping . This saw was never run low on oil and the oil was always fresh and clean . I disassembled the saw , everything was clean from the oil tank to the pump to the chain bar . I removed the oil pump , and it had clearly failed . Inside the housing I was suprised to find that the ring gear , which reduces motor speed , was not metal but a light tan nylon like material . My previous electric saw worked for over 20 years and cut a LOT of wood . I was disappointed at this early failure . I do not recomment taking your saw apart unless you know how to put it back together . Springs easily fly , and re-assembly is a bit of a trick .
 I was pretty excited about the Poulan 18inch electric chain saw which worked fabulous -- for about 3 minutes !!!! It then just quit !! I finally managed to get in contact with the primary distributor for my area who informed me that for some unknown reason the motors short out . What ?! I was then instructed to cut off the power cord and ship it along with the serial number and model number off the box . I was supposed to receive a new one . That was 2 weeks ago and I have not heard a thing . At the same time my friend bought the Makita 16 '' electric and loves it ! I wish I had done the same .
 I needed to section a 14 '' black cherry log and bought this Poulan 18 '' electric chain saw because of the number of positive reviews . The first one arrived and I made one cut in the log and then failed - pulled the trigger and nothing . Sent it back to Amazon for a replacement and the second one made more progress - I made 8 cuts 2/3 of the way through the log but when I stopped to turn the log and finish the job , saw # 2 failed in precisely the same way . Pull the trigger and nothing.Perhaps I got two lemons but , regardless , 0 for 2 with 9 cuts is NOT a good product . I would not purchase this saw .
 I used this saw to cut down two live junipers when I got it about eight months ago which work just fine . Then I used it to cut up a dead oak tree , the chain bind in the log , which broke some of the nylon plastic ring gear teeth . Now the motor spins , but if the ring gear does not catch the chain will not . I tried to use the warranty to fix it but so far they say it was due to abuse . This is a powerful saw but if you are thinking for long term use , this saw is not it . This saw is for very light duty work only and will not last for more than a couple of years use , even for light duty cutting , becuase the gear is made of plastic . Even though this saw is inexpensive , I could have taken that money and rented a more heavy duty saw .
 This Poulan died upon first use . Something happened to the motor , and there was black smoke residue on the motor vents . Pulling the trigger - it would occasionally arc , so I know it had power . Amazon let us return it , but charged a restocking fee , since we were busy and not able to send it back within 30 days . Disappointing experience . Spend the extra money and buy the Makita 16 '' . We did . The Makita is much sturdier - no comparison . Makita 's direct drive motor provides a very solid feel .
 Just went to use my saw for the first time , and it was dead on arrival . Does absolutely nothing.Very disappointing given that I ordered it specifically to do a couple of small projects over the labor day weekend : -LRB- We will see how quickly Amazon gets me a replacement and if its any better .
 I also read many of the positive reviews about this electric chainsaw before making my purchase . An electric chain saw for me would be used very infrequently but I still did the research . I received the 400E saw and tried it out without cutting -LRB- running no-load -RRB- . It sounded good . That was the last good experience I had with that chainsaw.My first advice is to stay away from this saw like the plague . As others have pointed out , it is very poorly designed . My first usage of this chainsaw was halted after cutting about 32 feet of 6 inch maple tree trunks to 16 inch length . The trees were downed by a recent wind storm . The saw just stopped dead.Since I only paid about $ 90 for it , and being an engineer , I decided to look into the problem myself . I found that the motor brushes when under load of any kind , became hot and would hang up or stick , opening the motor circuit shutting the saw down . I freed the brushes up , tested the unit and put it away until the next time thinking this was just a fluke and that would be the end of it.Well , needless to say , this happened 3 more times in one day about 7 months later . I was not abusive to the chainsaw . I let the saw cut at its own rate . I even used a # 12 gauge extension cord . Every 30 to 35 feet of cutting 16 '' firewood this same problem would occur -LRB- brush hang up -RRB- . I had only used the saw on two events during about a year 's time . I finally called Poulan warranty services and explained the entire situation to them . The spokesperson agreed that this was a factory defect and said that it would be covered under warranty . I took the name of the spokesperson , his number , and other information to an authorized Poulan repair center that he referred me to.Finally , after the 400E had been in the repair shop for about 5 months , the repair center called me . They had called the Poulan number that was given to me to verify the warranty coverage . The result of the call was that the coverage promised to me was denied by the Poulan Warranty Center.My biggest complaints are : I am without an electric chainsaw.The 400E was a worthless piece of junk to me.My credibility with the local repair center was damaged directly through the guidance of the Poulan warranty spokesperson.I will post again if anything changes .
 I bought this chainsaw a few weeks ago to do some clean up around the yard ... made it for about 1/2 hour , and the thing went poof ... totally smoked it ... unless you like to return things , stay clear of this one ...
 After waiting about two months for delivery , I liked this saw until after a week or so I noticed that oil was leaking out of the bottom from where the two halves of the plastic casing join . I can use it , but when I store it , all of the oil leaks out . What a mess .
 Very easy to start . Just added bar oil . Cut fairly effortlessly one weekend then did n't start at all the next . Not even a sound . Hopefully.just a dud and not a more common issue.Good return policy by Amazon though .
 OK , so I read all of the reviews , and learned that this is the same as the craftsman unit . Lots of positives . So I bought it , oil , and a spare chain . Hard to beat for $ 100.00 -LRB- total -RRB- , and I was only gon na use it once in a while . Everything looked good . Previous reviewer mentioned unit unplugs easily . This is true . Tie the ends of the plugs together and bend the prongs abit , and it is OK . I quickly took down a small tree -LRB- about 10 inches in diameter -RRB- and everything was going fine . I attempted to take down a long run of vertical bamboo stalks . I say attempted . It cut for a few seconds , then spit the chain . Every time . Over and over . I checked tension and determined it was fine . I asked around , and I was informed that chain saws and bamboo just do n't go together . Oh well , ca n't blame the saw for that . During subsequent use on trees and such , the oiler area would get clogged with sawdust and debris . I was constantly having to remove the adjuster / cover and clean things out . At one point it got so bad the oiler stopped working entirely -LRB- no oil consumption -RRB- and I quickly dulled the chain . I cleaned things up and installed the new chain and cleaned the oiler area . Back to cutting on a stump and the new chain lasted about 10 minutes . It was now dull and the rail was very warm . I dont know if it is critical for the saw to be on a specific side when cutting sideways . I dunno . I just kept having to clean out the oiler area which I believe was my major problem . I watch some of the logger shows on TV , and never see them taking their saws apart and repeatedly cleaning them . Design flaw ? Anyways - now I am looking for a good deal on a dremel chain sharpener at my local hardware stores . I 'll get the two chains ready for the next time I need it . Would I recommend this saw ? For the price I paid ? Yes . For the limited frequency user , its fine . Buy an extra chain . Would I turn people away from it ? No . Just warn them to watch the oil consumption closely . When it stops , clean things out before proceeding . The cover comes off easy , and it only takes a couple of passes with a rag to remove the debris . The tool for adjusting the chain works good at getting down in the grooves of the cover to clear things out.Im still glad I went with this one over a gas unit . I dont have any of the associated hassles and the unit will be ready at the drop of a hat . I may have had the same issues with the oiler clogging on one of them , maybe not . I dunno.Hope this helps if your on the fence about this one .
 I was cutting through a 12 inch cedar tree , when the chainsaw motor went up in smoke . I had only used it once before on a plum tree that had fallen in high winds . I called Poulan Pro customer service and they were rude and not willing to assist with recommendations for a chainsaw that could cut small trees -LRB- it was out of warranty -RRB- . I also went to their website for help and no one has written back . Very disappointed in their customer service and their product .
 I bought the saw and I had already read a number of reviews before I boutght it . I sure `` bought it '' alright . At first I thought this is very lightweight , and I remember reading a bout a review from one guy who said the electrical is real whimpy . So , as I stood there holding the saw I remembered that article . Anyways , I finally got a chance to use it on a sago palm , a big one about 15-20 feet high , although the base of the branches that i was trimming/cutting were only about 8 feet from the ground . I appreciated the light weight for this small job . I cut about 35 palm branches at the rate of 5 branches per segment and picking them up and placing them in a certain fashion , so not much stress on the saw . Each palm branch was about 10 to 12 feet long and the part that i cut was only like one 1 '' and 1/4 inch thick at the thickest point but many were smaller , by about 4 inches in width . There was about 5 minutes of time between each segment . Further , between each branch cutting there passed about a minute because i would have to move the ladder around . All in all about thirty-five cuts and then the chainsaw died out before I could finish the job . one hour of work , and it died . i would have been a terrific machine had it just lasted ... it powerful and light , but not enough umph ! thats my review . So that elctrician guy who made that review about the saw was right on about the low quality electrical in it .
 Well.It stopped working after about 6 hours.Also , the customer service of this company is very bad.They do n't have enough repair service centers , so I will have to ship it , which will cost me money.Wouldn ' t recommend Z - -LRB- which is the total opposite to A + -RRB- .
 I purchased the Poulan Pro 400E electric chainsaw after reading the reviews . LOTS of positive ones , but a fair amount of 1 star as well . Well , the price was right and I took the gamble ... BIG MISTAKE ! The unit does not run . Period . Not even a run and stop . I called the 800 number on the machine and was told to send it back , but I ca n't . You have to put oil in the unit -LRB- NOT INCLUDED -RRB- and ca n't ship back with liquid in the unit . Amazon was GREAT to work with and they are going to refund the money . POULAN gets a zero star and AMAZON gets 5 stars for handling the situation quickly and professionally . Wish our Government ran as efficiently !
 I was going to buy an electric chain saw at my local Lowe 's . But they increased the price on the one I wanted by $ 10 -LSB- to $ 100 -RSB- - so I decided to order one from Amazon . I had it shipped via UPS ground . Well , I guess that UPS dropped or threw it like in the Christmas video -LSB- on TV -RSB- . When I took it out of the box , the chain was real loose . I thought , well , maybe that 's the way that they normally send them . Then , the chain would not tighten . I took off the bar clamp , and the `` bar adjusting pin '' fell off into my hand . I called the Poulan help line - and they are going to send me a new pin . But , he did n't apologize . I guess that he thought I was lying . Anyway , the point is that it should work right out of the box -LSB- after you add the bar oil of course -RSB- . I was thinking about buying a 3-D LG TV from Amazon . But after this , I wonder if it would arrive in pieces.As for the chain chaw , I guess it would be a better item to buy from your local store .
 I wanted to acquire an affordable saw for a one time only job . I selected Poulan based on the reviews . I should have read the low ratings one more carefully . I was not able to re-start the saw after the first few hours . I observed a smoke coming out of the motor on the last cut . So , I guess the motor probably died . And it was not even a large branch .
 I used this a couple of times in the few months that I had it
 What a piece of junk . It made two cuts and then quick . Dead in the `` water '' . Wo n't run . Wo n't do anything . Owner 's manual suggests this could be a problem with the power switch -LRB- it does feel like the switch is broken -RRB- - so apparently this is a common problem.Had to get out my `` toy '' 16 inch Homelite chain saw to get some work done , and the Homelite works just fine , except the cutting bar is too short.Poulan ? Junk!Hey Amazon , how do I get my money back ?
 I ordered this saw based on the many positive reviews it had received . Unfortunately when the saw arrived there was no operators manual in the box . I sent the saw back and a replacement saw was promptly sent by Amazon . The second saw had the manual plus blade cover and wrench , but there were numerous scratches on the bottom of the motor housing as well as some other areas on the housing . Also it appeared that the box had been opened and restapled . Upon reading the negative reviews for this saw it seemed that some did not work at all out of the box and others ran only a few minutes before having motor burn out or breakage of a part that runs the chain on the bar . I was fearful that this saw might not give a reasonable service life so I sent it back for refund and will choose another make and model of saw .
 It 's a lemon . Plugged it in right out of the box , and nothing happened . I guess you get what you pay for . Sending ith back for a refund .
 First of all , Amazon shipped this with the worst packaging ever . They slapped a sticker on the manufacturers box and sent it off . The package was all ripped up . I suspect that the bar may have been damaged because a butter knife cuts better than this hunk of junk . My little 14 '' Remington beats the pants off this saw . If I replace the bar and chain I may get better results.Junk . Buy from a store , not from Amazon .
 My Poulan Pro 400E chain saw worked fine for 6 months under light use and then died . Nobody services electric chain saws - so Poulan ostensibly replaces the unit . Except that they do n't actually send you one of the units they have available for sale to other customers . Your replacement unit goes on back order until such time as the factory makes another run.Poulan did send a replacement unit after about two months , and the replacement works so far .
 Got it yesterday from Amazon , filled it with bar oil , and cut twice before I realized the automatic oiler was n't doing anything . So now it 's in the shop . Total cost-per-cut so far
 Bought this as a present for my husband . Unfortunately , when he opened it we discovered that somebody had already gotten to it first . What was sold to me as a new chainsaw was covered in scratches and scrapes . The previous user had n't even bothered to clean it off before repackaging it , because it was covered in sawdust!Maybe it was one of the other reviewers ' lemon chainsaws resold to me , or maybe it was just somebody who figured they could get `` free '' use of a chainsaw by ordering one and quickly returning it . All I know is that somebody should really check these things before sending them out . This one 's going back .
 This saw looks good for the price and Consumer Reports rates it highly . Definitely think twice before ordering this one though . I saw all the one star reviews but decided to order one any way . My first saw lasted 3 uses , maybe 20-30 minutes total . After that it was totally dead . Amazon of course sent me a new one . The second lasted about 5 minutes -- one use . Same problem , totally dead . Someone mentioned in another review mentioned the chain brake . Not a chance , just plain broken . In the short period it ran I could actually see the motor housing glowing from sparks inside . What a piece of junk . If you are going to gamble and buy this one make sure you buy it from Amazon so you can get your money back .
 After reading all the positive reviews on this saw and the positive experience I have with the Craftsman 3.5 HP electric chain saw -LRB- 34116 -RRB- , I decide to buy this electric chainsaw instead of an 18 '' gas powered model . The Craftsman has been used to fell pines and poplars as large as 12 '' in diameter with no problem and I have had it for over three years and it has cut a lot of trees.Well , I have to send this one back to Amazon today . To Amazon 's credit , it allowed me to return but this one should never been shipped out.The box on this saw was opened already because the box staples were all missing . Plus , there was the word `` oilll '' on the box . Apparently Amazon decided to ship me an opened -LRB- maybe defective -RRB- unit . This might be due to the fact that they only had a few in stock.I immediately contacted Amazon . The service was excellent . A replacement one was ordered for me and I was asked to send back this one . However , the replacement was not ready to ship because of `` change of suppliers '' . I cancelled the replacement order , figuring I would give this one a try . If it works , then I will keep it . If not , I will return.So I put oil in the saw and tried a few cuts . Not to my surprise , the automatic oiler on the saw did not pump any oil . The chain and bar stayed very dry . I then ran it in high speed for about another minute and it was still dry . The saw , however , sound very powerful . It is a bit heavier than my Craftsman 34116 . I really have mixed feeling on this order after many many orders from Amazon . I am also looking to buy an air compressor/nailer kit . In reading some of the feedbacks , there were users complaining Amazon shipping opened units . As I said Amazon should have never shipped this one out as it was apparently defective . However , its service in dealing with the issue was excellent . So overall , I will give this a two star rating because of the excellent after problem service .
 I got about a half an hour out of the motor cutting some small pine trees into firewood . I think I got four wheelbarrows of cord wood before the brushes started throwing sparks and the motor slowing down . Then the GFI tripped and I was done . Sent it back for a refund .
 I probably received a return that was totally defective as it would n't start despite my reviewing all the instructions multiple times , checking my cord and plugs and because the box had been opened and the warranty card was missing . The other packing material clearly showed signs of repackaging . To Amazon 's credit , they told me to keep the defective one -LRB- I guess it will do for parts , i.e. the chain -RRB- as I had already put bar chain oil in it and flammable material can not be shipped back to Amazon . They are sending me out another one , which I should receive in a couple of days . I requested that they specifically check that it is new and unopened . Hopefully , they will comply . At any rate , my recommendation is to call customer service prior to ordering , ask them to make sure you are receiving a new , unopened box and not a return to avoid all the hassles , and wasting money on chain oil , etc. . Amazon deserves 5 stars for their great customer service in mitigating this problem , but a -1 star for reselling defective , returned merchandise . I 'm looking forward to using the saw as I read alot of positive reviews .
 I purchased this saw due to the high reviews it got . I used this saw and was impressed by the power of it . After a while I noticed that the chain was getting very hot and smoking . I tried a few adjustments , no improvement . Then I checked the oil on the chain . There was none and the oil reservoir was still full . I took the chain cover off and ran the saw without the chain . Still no oil coming out . I checked the troubleshooting guide and it recommended a service call for this sort of problem . Because this is the first time using the saw , I decided to return it .
 Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chain SawReduction gear stripped after less than one hour of use .
 Got this last year to replace a different brand that broke a retaining bolt - no parts available for that brand . This saw got about 3-4 hours of cutting time total before it locked up tight . It 's now useless .
 I read many of the positive reviews about this saw and made my purchase on that basis . First , I was very dissapointed in the two delivery delays , but I was n't in a big hurry . So , I waited as several others did . I do n't think Amazon should list a product as `` available '' if it is n't . When I received the saw , I used it to cut a couple of small , 8 '' -10 '' trees and buck them with no problems . I was pleased with the power and convenience.I do wish Poulan and other electric device manufacturers would be more realistic with their horse power ratings . Four continuous horse power out of a 120 volt motor is nearly impossible . This much power only occurs at or near stalling speed . Based on the amperage rating of the motor -LRB- I think it was around 11-12 amps -RRB- its able to deliver about 1 1/2 HP continuously . That 's more useful information . Why do n't they use it?More to the point , after about 2 hours of use , the chain stopped running even though the motor was running . I contacted both Amazon and the manufacturer . I was given the option of returning the saw for a refund or having it repaired under warranty . I took it to a repair shop to see what was wrong and they determined that the big plastic reduction gear that drives the chain sproket was spinning on its metal shaft and would have to be replaced . I decided that a replacement would probably be no better than the original and returned the saw , at no charge , for a full refund . I was pleased with Amazons service except for the original delivery delays and , as with other reviewers , they tried to charge me a re-stocking fee . After complaining that I did n't return the saw for my convenience and that they were n't going to restock a defective saw , they backed off and refunded everything . As with some others , I spent a substantial amount more and purchased the Makita 16 '' electric and , while I have n't used it a lot yet , It seems a lot better .
 We used this chainsaw only 8 to 10 times , to cut down stray limbs , total running time less than two hours . Took it out this spring and it would not start . Verified there was power to the device , but it was totally dead . What a disappointment . We had replaced a gas powered chain saw that always needed spark plug attention and were happy to deal with the cord for the sake of reliability , but we sure did n't get it with this unit .
 Saw arrived quickly , and worked well for a couple of 3 - 4 '' diameter limbs that came down in the yard during the last snowstorm . I noticed after 15 minutes or so that the oil level had not changed , and that the chain appeared dry . I removed the bar and checked the oil holes -LRB- outlets for the oil pump to discharge oil onto the bar/chain -RRB- and no oil was present . Will be returning to Amazon shortly , which is unfortunate because for the cost and size it seemed like a fairly competent little saw .
 OK - This is not a high powered gas engine that revs up and rips through trees . It ca n't be used in the woods a mile away from an outlet . I would n't recommend standing in the rain or deep snow when using it . It 's electric.It does n't make a lot of noise . It does n't belch smoke . It does n't conk out.It does work . It cuts wood well . I have less than an acre with lots of trees . Every year I need to cut 3 or 4 that range from 5 to 15 inches in diameter , soft and hard wood . No gas , no oil to mix , no smell , no draining after use . I took it out of the box , added oil , plugged it in , and cut more wood than I wanted to move . Simple and effective.The right tool for the right job .4 / 6/2012Soon after I wrote the above the saw just quit . I had done about 30 cuts . Nothing hard . I contacted the manufacturer and they said they will be sending me another one rather than fix mine . It 's been over a month . They say they are on back order . I have 2 30 foot trees lying in my backyard.Changed my review from 4 stars to 2 because of poor warranty response .
 This chainsaw worked fine for a day , handled all my around the house chores , the second day the started died on me , switched to a new brand and havent had any problems since , Will never buy Poulan again
 Bought this about a year ago , I use it to cut small branches and a few small trees when I moved into my new house . after a few weeks of storage this saw start leaking oil the whole time ... Ever since I 've never use it again . Horrible build .
 I just got my Poulan Pro 400E . . I was pretty excited to start using it -LRB- finally got some free time -RRB- . But when I opened the box and went through the instructions , I noticed that the tension screw was broken - actually it was the anchor nut -LRB- I 'll post a picture -RRB- . This is a bit inconvenient since its not use serviceable -LRB- the cage for the screw is plastic molded so you ca n't disassemble it . Too bad , a serious safely problem caused by a cheap .05 part , and designed so you ca n't easily fix it . Anyways , I 'm going to get a refund . At least Amazon is good about all that .
 It 's hard to review this product since I have not been able to get it started .
 I ordered this item by mail because I trusted Amazon . It was cool to see that this item qualifies for free shipping . Then when I saw my order confirmation , they charged me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- for shipping . When I tried to change it immediately after , their system said too late , but it said my order would be received in about the same amount of time that they said it would take for the free shipping option.Now I do n't trust Amazon anymore . Verrry sneaky people.Sorry it has to end this way.By the way , I 'm sure the Poulan is a fine piece of equipment . I own two of their gas chainsaws and they start much easier than their more expensive competition .
 I originally bought this saw 11/2006 and they said delivery would be around 12/2006 . Then they said it would be another month to deliver it , so I changed the address to deliver . Amazon ended up canceling my order in 1/2007 . So I bought it again on 1/2007 and it was supposed to be delivered on 2/2007 . Then Amazon wanted to extend again another month which would make it 3/2007 , which I approved via email . When my dad did n't receive it 3/2007 , I logged in to my account and Amazon extended it another month without notifying me ! This was a Christmas present and this is unacceptable.I 'm sure it is a great saw . It is a customer reports best buy . Just buy it somewhere else .
 I order this in December , 2007 . After several delays in shipping , I learned it wo n't ship any sooner than late October 2007 . This is totally unacceptable . If it ca n't be delivered , it should n't be advertised by Amazon .
 This chainsaw worked OK at first . I was using it to edge the lawn and it did a pretty good job . Not quite as clean as I would have liked but you ca n't beat the price . Well , I got to the end of one side of my lawn , and I wanted to turn it off . Not knowing how to do so -LRB- I did n't really read the directions -RRB- , I just tried to grab the blade and stop it with my hands . Boy was that a bad idea ! Now I do n't have any fingers and I had to buy that $ 900 dictation software so that I can still use my computer . I really should have paid attention to that label that said `` do not attempt to stop blade with hands '' , but who really pays attention to that stuff ? The worst part about it is that I ca n't do my job anymore and I ca n't even sue the company that made it -LRB- something about putting a warning label on the product removes their liability -RRB- . Yeah , I saw that warning label and it was n't kidding ! I will never `` attempt to stop blade with hands '' again !
 Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chainsaw # 400EI have a serious 4 ft diameter mulberry tree to cut up after a professional tree cutter brought it down to the ground for me . The pieces of tree left for me to cut were about 30 inches thick . I bought a Poulan Pro 400 E chainsaw to cut my tree up with . My last saw was a Poulan SE 300 that lasted over 10 years . I received the new Pro 400 E saw and set it up and started and with in a couple hours working somthing happened and the motor would run and the chain would turn until the blade touched the tree then the motor would continue to run full speed but the chain would stop . Something in the gear drive or clutch broke . I figured it was just a unusual event as I have had good luck with Poulan . I sent it back and replaced it with the exact same model . I received second saw and set it up and started cutting . Both saws cut very very well until they stopped . The second Poulan saw ran for about and hour and a half then the motor made a noise sounded like a pop and then the motor started running at greatly reduced speed . A winding must have burned through in the armature . I feel the Poulan Pro 400 would still be a good saw for light yard work , but if you have a serious tree to tackle it is not up to heavy duty work !
 I 'm really frustrated with the product and Amazon -LRB- at first -RRB- . I get the chainsaw and use it once in the first couple days ... no problems . In fact , I was pretty happy with the product . Then , four or five weeks later I get it out and attempt to use it again . Nothing ! Nada ! No worky ! The thing does n't even try . I 'm thinking its got to be the cord or the outlet , something like that ! But all is good there . Well , its under warranty and the manual says to just return it to the seller . Originally , Amazon would not take the return ; I was not happy ! But after a nice online chat , Amazon agreed to replace it . For that , I have upgraded my star rating from 1 to 2 in hopes that the next one will work more than once . I 'll update after a few runs , and I 've got a small tree to take down next . And finally , three cheers to Amazon for doing the right thing !
 I had n't been cutting for more than 30 minutes when the motor fried . Yes , I was using the correct gauge wire/length . I was disappointed to say the least .
 I purchased one of these about a week before Hurricane Gustav came through Baton Rouge , not even thinking about ever using it to clear off down trees . I thought it would be better to get an electric model and not have to fool with gas and oil . That was a mistake . After the rain stopped , I ended up carting a generator around in a wheelbarrow to use the chainsaw.When it had power , the chainsaw worked great . I could cut through just about anything a gas model would cut . The only problem with the generator was that the saw would trip the overload protection when cutting though large branches -LRB- over 10 or so inches -RRB- . After about 3 or 4 hours of use , the unit just stopped working . I cleaned out the bar , thinking something had jammed it , but no . It was dead . It was a huge bummer to have it die while I was cleaning out the yard . I have returned it and purchased a gas model . If you live in storm prone areas , stay away from electric !!!
 The chain tension adjustment screw nut split in half when I attempted to adjust the chain tension as part of the initial saw setup . This happened while I turned the adjustment screw with a screwdriver using only moderate pressure . Very disappointed . I returned the saw .
 Purchased saw to trim some medium sized trees . Unfortunately , when reading the literature which came with the saw , it states that using an extension cord more than 50 feet long is not recommended and that the saw could overheat with a longer extension cord . This makes it unuseable for anyone except those who have trees within 50 feet of an electrical outlet . You could use a gasoline generator , but this defeats the purpose of an electric saw and it is impractical . Nowhere on the website description does it caution you about this problem and this is a mistake for Amazon which I assume has many of these items returned for various reasons . Description should contain the extension cord limitation .
 Purchased it 3 months ago , used twice for about 1/2 hour total to cut some 6 '' diameter downed logs , light use . It would n't even start for me this weekend . Too late to return to Amazon , we 'll see how good the customer service is at Poulan .
 Written in the blush of new ownership
 I bought it from Amazon.Had it for 3 months , cut down 7 medium trees and cut the logs up into firewood size . Then the motor went out.I live in San Angelo , TX and there is no service center here for Poulan 's electric products.So , Poulan agreed to send me another one without me sending the old one back . I just had to peel all the stickers of it and send those in.Will see how the next one works out .
 Before I could dive the case broke and knife was in the water , after I got back from diving I found the knife and it was already rusted ! I called and was told that Smith and Wesson would send a new case , 2weeks later and nothing ! Do n't buy , complete junk !
 Knife clunky but OK , sheath useless . Like another reviewer said , it comes with a few odd pieces that look like they can be used to attach the sheath to a belt , but the knife itself slips freely in and out of the sheath with no locking mechanism I can discover . Totally useless for diving .
 Other reviews are right . . The knife is okay , but the scabbard is a little less than useless . Put knife in , turn over , watch your toes ... falls right out . Will not do for diving . Need knife and it fell out on entry . Not a great product , there are much better selections on here .
 This lamp is a piece of junk . I would have returned it to amazon but it was more trouble than it was worth . The lamp is not sturdy and attempting to put it together was a nightmare . This thing is cheap for a reason - beware .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I bought 6 and they showed up in good shape and quickly . One died after 2 hours of use ! They are an old design and take a long time to get going . Not what I expected . The new bulbs are much quicker that I buy at Home Depot etc. .
 We recently moved into a condominium built by someone absolutely in love with can lights -- literally dozens of them throughout the three floors of the unit with a 65W incandescent bulb in each and every one on move-in . We initially replaced the incandescent bulbs with these compact fluorescents , GE 13-Watt Energy SmartTM 60 Watt Replacement - 2 Packs of 8 Bulbs - 16 Total Bulbs , and while we were very satisfied with how quickly they turned on , the color temperature , and the amount of light emitted , we did n't like the look of spiral CFL bulbs sticking out of the cans . We then bought these floodlight CFL bulbs to get the same light output and color temperature but in floodlight form . While they put out great light , it takes an extremely long time -- often 60-90 seconds -- for them to warm to full output ; we joke that we have to turn on our lights and walk away for a few minutes so that they can `` boot up . '' While the first generation of CFL bulbs behaved like this , CFL technology has advanced to the point where this is now absolutely unacceptable . For the cost premium -LRB- almost 500 % more expensive per bulb vs. the spirals we initially installed -RRB- , we expected much , much better and will not be purchasing these again when and if they burn out .
 These light bulbs came quickly and I was happy to put them in , but we have had problems with flickering -LRB- even after warmed up sometimes -RRB- and they DO NOT work on a dimmer switch .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 Used the 3 '' extension -LRB- smallest of the three -RRB- one time . On the first use , the top piece literally snapped off where it connects to socket . I am extremely disappointed with the product . I have yet to try the mid-size or larger extension ; however , I do not have high hopes .
 I wish I had stuck with the sunex branded tools , they are just a little bit more money but way better quality than these . I bought their wobbly 3/8 '' extension set and it 's superb . this extension set is poor quality finish and very loose fit into the sockets , barely holds them . not recommended .
 Money would be better spent on a chuck with full grip jaws . This chuck threw ever piece I put in it . It was a hazard on my lathe . I have disposed of it , and ordered a chuck that i hope will hold parts well enough to turn them .
 I bought this dremel tool a few months ago . It was fantastic . A great tool for grinding , cutting , and smoothing very precisely and accurately . The more I used it , the more I wondered how I managed all those years without one.Until ... The spring loaded spring-lock release button on this model is plastic , not metal . This means it will quickly wear out , and you wo n't be able to change bits . It 'll work for a while , but then you 'll have to buy another.Their customer support is pathetic .
 I hate to be the review spoiler as nearly 100 % of the reviews are completely positive and justly so . However , I 've had my Dremmel about eleven months and today it just died . During this span of time I 've probably used it not more then 20 times but when I needed it this was a fantastic tool . Ok we all get the bum one now and then but if it 's going to die it would have been nice had I gotten at least a couple hundred uses out of it . There could be one possible issue that may have caused it 's demise and that is I purchased the right angle attachment from Mirco-Tech thus enabling one to get into tough tight spots . The attachment is a bit tricky to attach and it takes a few tries to get it on properly -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . It 's possible that the inertia of this additional device compromised the motor however the motor has always ran just fine with it attached through all it 's variable speeds so I really do n't have a clue . I turned it on today , it made a few revolutions and that was the end of it .
 This item was probably designed by someone that has never built a fence in their life . The wire slips off the side when you start to pull tension and is dangerous when stretching barbed wire . All it needs is one extra bend in the base plate to keep the wire from slipping off and I would have give it 5 stars .
 I wanted some slide bolts for a few doors on my house for a little extra privacy and security for my family . I found these and ordered them thinking it was 5 slide bolts , since both the title and description both say `` 5 Pack '' , and for $ 7.25 for 5 of them , how could I possibly go wrong ? The order arrived yesterday and SURPRISE ... there was only ONE slide bolt in the package . Even my receipt says `` 5 Pack '' . I called customer service and they said they could not send the 4 missing pieces but they offered a refund . This is dishonest and bothers me since they are still offering this `` 5 Pack '' for sale and as I 'm writing this it says they are `` in stock '' . As far as I know , when a company advertises something for a specific price , they are legally bound to sell it for that advertised price , not 5 times that price . This is apparently NOT the case for this seller or item . The item is n't bad but I 'm not too happy about not getting exactly what I ordered . A `` 5 Pack '' is a 5-Pack , NOT a ONE pack . If you want these , I 'd avoid this seller if I were you .
 I ordered this gas mask for my husband , who wanted to use it for a costume . It arrived with both eyes shattered . I am currently dealing with Allergy-Be-Gone to see if I can get my money back , but this seems to be a consistent problem . They are not packaged properly when shipped , just put in a box and mailed . I had terrible customer service and did n't get any response until I left negative feedback . Just be aware , the product is decent but might arrive damaged , and dealing with Allergy-Be-Gone is a pain .
 well the mask is pretty sweet but the mask came with a cracked lens , a broken strap , and the eye wholes leak . I did not send it back because I was not planning on using it for actual protection from toxic gases , but for show . I also did not want to wait another 2 weeks for it . The shipping was 8 bucks and the mask did not come for about 2 weeks . This was very annoying to wait on . In all the mask was way to expensive for the quality It had .
 Delivered to me today were two Belgian gas masks with broken lenses . I was informed that they can not be returned.The masks and the cartridges looked defective and previously used . I can not help concluding that the dealer `` Allergy be Gone '' is not selling these to use for protection.Whoever used these in an emergency will not know any better because he/she will be dead .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I needed a mortising machine for a project and , after a lot of research , finally decided on this Delta machine . When it arrived , the area where the head unit attaches to the column had two big cracks , just like other users seemed to have described here . Poor design is my best guess for the cracks and I sadly had to return it . Because of that defect and other quality issues that other reviewers seems to have written , I decided not to risk another problem and get a refund . I 'll either order my # 2 mortising machine choice -LRB- Grizzly G0645 -RRB- or just give up and do my mortises by hand.By the way , the item description says this machine has a 5 year warranty , but the box says 2 years .
 Purchased DELTA 14-651 Professional 1/2 hp Bench Mortising Machine and it arrived cracked . Had it returned , and ordered a replacement and it arrived completely broken . We do n't know if it is the choice of materials or inadequate packaging , but ended up just returning it for a refund .
 My local tool dealer told me how great this Mortising Machine was . How in the hell would he know ? Ok , I 've used it for a few years with no problems . Last month I was drilling holes and the coupler broke . Cheep cast iron . Ok , just order a part . Now I understand The part is on back order until October . I 'll be out of operation for 5 months . Does n't that seem unreasonable to you ? My only option is to buy another machine , -LRB- not Delta -RRB- wait for the part then sell the Delta.By the way , I did get a coupler , but not from Delta . I got it from Grizzly . There mortising machine is the same as Deltas . Same maker , cheaper parts . At least they had the part .
 The first one of these I ordered arrived seriously damaged during shipment . There was a large chunk of cast iron knocked off the chuck housing . Someone had obviously dropped the box - HARD . The machine is heavy ; the UPS guys evidently are just not able to handle it constantly . The machines weight is right at the edge of what can be shipped this way . My wife had to wait a bit longer for her new sofa table.The second one arrived intact and in good shape . Assembly was a bit of a mess due to the packing grease on the table which stunk up my basement for weeks . Cleaning required quite a bit of acetone . But everything went together quickly and well.What I likeThis is a solid , quality machine for the serious hobbyist -LRB- it is probably not enough machine for most pros -RRB- . You are going to want to park it on a bench top and leave it there . Unless you are at the gym more than the workshop , you probably will not be pulling it out and putting it away . I would suggest sinking it into an extended bench top level with the work table and bolting it down.The motor is top notch , quality and power - though not the most powerful in this class of machines.The table is larger than most . This accounts for much of the weight difference between this machine and others in this class.The fence and table are smooth and well machined.There is a caddie for the bits and the Allen wrench on the back.It is surprisingly quite for this type of machine , still you will need ear protection and make sure the wife is not napping.It did its job - 16 large mortises in just over an hour including setup in solid cherry without burning.What I do not likeAdjusting the fence parallel to the face of the bit is trial and error ; you will have to burn up some scrap to get everything lined up.The bits are sharp but mediocre at best . You will eventually want to upgrade.The hold down is un-machined cast iron . It is not exactly parallel with the table top so it only makes limited contact with the work . This can lead to marring if you are not careful.While I think I will probably sink quite a few holes with this thing over the years , I would now consider it an old design . There are newer machine with more ergonomic features and slightly larger machines that are much more versatile . If I had it to do again , I would spend $ 100 more and go with a better machine . If I could I would change my rating to 3 stars .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP , Delta should bury their heads in shame for putting their name on this thing , the fit of the moving parts is horrible , I had to replace the gib adjusting screws because the factory rounded the phillips head out , the chisels that come with this are a joke , I tried the 1/2 '' chisel in a piece of walnut and the chisel points flared out , they are way to soft , so much for any heat treatment . do your self a favor and stay away from this cheap thing . I will most likely never buy a Delta product again .
 Both the original ordered machine and it 's replacement had broken column castings . After the bad replacement , Amazon would not ship another due to continued issues with this item . Bought a Jet , locally , instead
 1 . Not a very well made machine .2 . Trying to add all of the options is impossible .3 . The expander can not be bolted into the machine .4 . The drill bits are poor quality and difficult to install and use .5 . The handle to pull the drill bit into the material is hard to pull . No touch at all using the handle .6 . The machine came all greasy and was difficult to wipedown . It was a mess .7 . It was easier to setup my drill press and use than using this machine .
 Bought this machine a year ago . I have done two small projects and the piston that keeps the head up has been nothing but problems.I wo n't invest anymore time or energy into this . I now use a bungee to retract the pull down lever .
 cheap pot metal cast aluminum body , the retention bolt for the depth stop failed within 2 days of light residential use . Power switch burned out with a year . Tension pins that hold the handle to the crank gears failed after two years worth of light use.Terrible Terrible Terrible .
 I have had my Delta Mortiser for about three years and I am sorry that I bought it almost from day one . The on/off switch went bad then the handle broke at the hub assembly and the quarter inch bits snap almost imediately . Delta wants fifty two dollars for replacement the quarter inch bits each . They will not sell just the bit itself , you have to buy the chisel too . Ever since Black and Decker bought Delta their quality and ethics have turn me completely off . Buy beware .
 Gas return spring does not have enough pressure to lift the motor head.Hold down is bent.Back fence is warped and their is no way to get it square.Handles to tighten adjustments -LRB- 3 of 4 -RRB- broke with very little pressure.Delta support was useless as they considered every problem a result of abuse.The provided chisels require extreme caution to use.This mortiser is not capable of anything deeper than 1/4 '' without predrilling.The only good thing I can say about the unit is the base was flat , the motor has sufficient power , and all the tools for adjustment are provided.For large or deep mortises , I 'm sticking with mortise chisels .
 I 've had this Delta mortiser for three years , but it is not heavily used . It 's been babied , actually , and it 's basically worked fine . A lot of difficulties have been mentioned ... the fence adjustment does n't work after installing the riser ; poor quality castings , especially in the sloppy fence ; and today , it `` died '' due to what I came to understand was the on-off switch failure . I 've tried many different manufacturer 's tools -LRB- Dewalt , Bosch , Grizzly , Porter Cable , Makita ... . This will be the last Delta tool I buy .
 The fence on my Delta mortise machine broke after abouttwo years of use . Yes , the * fence * broke ! It broke whilewithdrawing the chisel from a hole . I called Delta andwas told that they no longer make that replacement part.So , my broken fence will cost me about $ 300 , but Deltawo n't be getting it . Caveat Emptor .
 Like many other reviews , my machine arrived today via UPS and the column near the base was severed in two . After these many negative reviews on shipping , Amazon should notify Delta to rectify the packaging problem .
 I rated it 2 stars because of the quality contorl from the factory . I had to return two damaged machines to finally get a good one . After the second unit that had a cracked casted yoke assembly , Amazon removed thwe item from their site and had the vendor investigate the problem . The problem was not with the shipper . The package was not damaged . It had to packed up already damaged.I have to compliment Amazon for working this out and being very responsive . I finally got an undamaged mortiser yesterday and after the short assemby and a single test it does perform as expected.The actual mortiser is very well made and is easy to use .
 I just bought one of these from Amazon for a furniture project I have ongoing . I actually got to a point where I was held up waiting for this to show up in the mail . Thursday afternoon it arrives . Timely , I figure I 'll be able to work through the wekend and have my projects complete . Wrong . The plastic red and green rocker switch is broken , wo n't allow it to be switched on . Brilliant . The thin metal sheet metal that covers the geared piece allowing movement of the fence forward and backward has a big buckle in it.I 've been a fan of Delta -LRB- and still am of Porter Cable -RRB- , but lately pretty much everything other than their Unisaw -LRB- which I own -RRB- has degraded in quality to the point of junk . I stand by that . I mean junk ! If it is n't one of their premium very high dollar power tools , do n't even bother . The `` cheap '' foreign copys are actually of much higher quality . The Jet versions of hte small to mid range power tools in particular are typically a little bit cheaper and actually better made . It 's shameful .
 I also had to send back the mortiser twice because the column casting was broken . It was shipped in the original box with no other protection . In both cases the box was heavily damaged . Amazon would not send a third but did return my money . This product should have been shipped in a second box with plenty of packing . I have no problems with Amazon customer service they were very good but they should find a new supplier or shipper for this product .
 5 stars for the idea , -3 -LRB- minus three -RRB- for implementation . If the rating system allowed for ratings lower than 1 , the implementation score would be even lower.When will this stop ? Packages arriving with missing parts . Customer service with people that want to help , but are unable to because of the structure of their organization . Manuals written by people who apparently do n't understand English . Basic design features , which should be incorporated into the implementation , are either ignored altogether , or hacked-on as an afterthought -- in a sloppy , at times ludicrous fashion.The accumulation of screw-ups combine to reduce the quality of this product significantly.I suspect the culprit is an unbalanced allegiance to cost cutting . Using a labor force on starvation wages with no health care ; manufacturing under no environment regulations
 When this machine went on sale for $ 145 shipped , I decided to ignore some of the bad reviews and took a chance . Amazon got it to me within 2 working days without any external signs of damage . When I unpacked it , I saw that the metal casting around the motor assembly had broken into 2 pieces . I thought about getting a replacement , but when I inspected the edge of the metal which had broken off , I found that the metal used for the casting is of incredibly poor quality . It looked very brittle . There is no way this machine can stand up to even moderate use . I 'm getting a refund and will pick up a Jet or something else . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Could be a good machine -- but I would n't know . I 've now had two shipped to me , and neither of them made the trip in one piece . The first machine had a chip the size of a section of an orange broken out of the base casting and also had a crack in the base casting . I returned it and requested a replacement . When the replacement arrived , the cardboard box was pierced and crushed in places . Bad sign . Inside , the molded styrofoam was reduced to crumbs , the tools and small parts were strewn around and the mortiser was catastrophically broken -- the mortising head was ripped completely off the vertical post , its casting jaggedly broken in two.Clearly , these machines are not being packed in stout enough containers to survive typical UPS shipping . It 's a heavy machine -- 75lbs or so -- and yet it comes in a box that would barely protect a telephone . It seems like a wooden crate is needed , or at least a far more sturdy cardboard box with heftier packing inside . One wonders whether the machine 's castings are suspect as well , but given the inadequate packing , it 's hard to know.I 'm in need of a mortiser , and this seemed like the right one , but the anticipation is reaching Tantric proportions .
 I had n't planned on writing , but I just read the review titled `` shipping trauma '' from Jan 11 , 2004 and , having had a similar experience , felt the need . Several months ago I ordered the 14-651 and it too arrived badly damaged . The shipping container was smashed and the styrofoam broken . The verticle post was completely broken in two near the base . This next part may sound made-up , but I swear it 's true
 I 've had my 14-651 for a couple of years now and it has not lived up to the reviews that I read before I purchased it . It has not been dependable . First thing to go wrong was the pot metal locking handle for the depth of cut adjustment rod stripped out with not much leverage on it at all . The next thing was the pin that holds the up/down lever on came partially out and was a real pain in the neck to get lined up and back in properly . I 'm now at a standstill with a cabinet project I promised in three days because the machine wo n't turn on . Yes I 've tested the recept and power supply . I believe that the switch is shot as it does n't seem to have a positive click to it when pushed ... it 's kind of a mushy feeling . This machine may have all of 40 hours on it total . If I were to do it again , I think I would spend the extra money on a more substantial mortiser . Right now it looks like I 'm going to get to hand cut 8 mortices -LSB- with a chisel -RSB- so I can get this project done and out of my shop . The quality of this machine is not what the reviews claim . If you want something that is built to last , avoid Delta stuff made in China !
 This is number 2 that I 've had -LRB- feel free to substitute the `` fecal matter '' definition of # 2 -RRB- , and it 's been in the shop for about 4 years ... with moderately light use . I have a full time custom cabinet and architectural mill work business and occasionally get customers who 'd like storm doors or front doors . That 's when this gets used most , and most of the wood that 's ever gone through it is Mahogany , due to it 's weather resistance ... very easily machined . The first one I owned had a cracked head casting , which Delta replaced , then the cast gear teeth on the adjustable handle broke -LRB- cheap castings again -RRB- . Enter machine # 2 . It was used for a couple of Mahogany doors , then it lay dormant for 3 years . I put it into operation today for a Mahogany storm door . Just like some others I 've read about , the lovely switch started smoking after only being on for a few seconds . Rather than spend $ 25 for a new switch from Delta , I conveniently replaced the bad switch with one from Radio Shack ... worked fine . Ah , but now after gingerly starting the 3rd mortise -LRB- yes , even taking time to carefully clear the chips as I went down -RRB- the teeth in the cast gear for this handle crack and fall out as if they were infected with gingivitis . I 'm now waiting over night to wait for the steel epoxy to set up with the carefully glued in teeth ... we 'll see . ... and what do my wandering eyes notice here ? ... a five year warranty !! Well , let 's just see if Delta / turned `` Blackend Pecker '' will honor that one . Not a chance , it was only a 2 year warranty ! Better fix that faux pas Amazon.I ended up going down the road to a tractor trailer manufacturing place , and had them permanently weld the `` crap n ' pinion '' handle adjustment -LRB- since it does n't really ever need to be adjusted in the first place ! -RRB- . It 's works alright now to get the job done.A professional machine , this is n't . A Poorfessional manufacture and design , it definitely is .
 Since I am 2 for 2 on recieving broken units I would not recomend purchasing unless shipped byt truck . Fedex and UPS both damaged units . The packaging for the unit is not suitable for this type of shipment.Thanks ,
 I received a new Delta Hollow Chisel Mortiser -LRB- Model 14-651 -RRB- May 24 , 2006 that I purchased through amazon.com . No problem with Amazon . Good price , fast shipment . I purchased Delta brand vs. one of the several competitors because of the Delta name . I am a woodworker hobbyist with mostly Delta power tools including 14 '' lathe , 14 '' band saw , finish planer , 8 '' jointer , 10 ' radial arm saw . I am very disappointed with the quality of the mortiser . It seems that Delta Quality has declined progressively over the last few years and you can be sure that I will seriously consider other brands before my next shop tool purchase . My first disappointment came with the purchase of a Delta 10 '' radial arm saw . I paid a premium price for the radial arm saw about three years ago . When considering ease of operation , setup , and precision . I do n't see any advantage that the Delta has over the Craftsman saw it replaced . My next disappointment came with the 12 '' finish planer . I had run less that 10 ' of mill planed poplar through when the drive pulley fell off the cutter head shaft . It appears that the bolt that holds the pulley on was not torqued properly during manufacturing . This cost me the loss of a weekend working on a project , a new belt and a new belt guard . Now Delta 's third strike comes with this mortiser . After unpacking the machine , I noted that the pinion shaft was lying in the packaging rather than in the assembly as indicated in the Instruction Manual . It appears that the set screws in the gear and collar were never tightened during assembly and things fell apart during transit . There was no key for the pinion gear/shaft assembly so I had to get one before I could proceed with the assembly . It took me one frustrating hour to get the pinion assembly together . Then , when I put the handle on the pinion shaft , I discovered that the ` Special Screw -LRB- for raising and lowering handle -RRB- ' would not fit into the recess of the handle . I have to file the tooling marks off of the screw to make it fit . In hindsight , I would have been much happier if I had gone to Harbor Freight and purchased their mortiser . When it comes time to upgrade my table saw , Delta brand is not going to be high on my list of potential tools to purchase .
 I have a terrible experience ordering the mortising machine . The first order arrived with the housing unit cracked . I was resent a 2nd machine and that was also cracked in the housing unit . Figuring 3 times is a charm , I anxiously awaited delivery of the 3rd attempt to send me the Mortising Machine . I was NOT rewarded - the third shipment had pieces of cracked housig and was worse then the prior 2 shipments . I returned the product AGAIN and said thanx but no thanx I do n't want to try for a fourth time . No effort was made by Amazon to say sorry or obtain a completely whole Mortising machine . Very disappointed .
 After reading other customer reviews about receiving broken mortising machines from UPS I was leary about ordering one . I decided to order one because of the great price and free shipping . Mine was shipped via FedEx . The box arrived in excellent condition , with only one corner having a small ding . I was sure that the machine would be fine . unfortunatly I was wrong . There were two large cracks in the head at the dovetail and one at the lower end of the column . The styrofoam packaging was still intact.Given the condition of the box and styrofoam I am convinced that this machine was already damaged before it was ever packaged at the factory . I waited 4 weeks for this machine because it was on backorder.I called Amazon.com the next morning , the person that helped me was very professional , she contacted FedEx to arrange a pick up and they did arrive as scheduled . The mortising machine is still on backorder so I just asked for a credit.I have decided to look at other manufacturers like Jet or even Craftsman . I would prefer the Delta model but ca n't wait another 4 to 6 weeks to possibly receive another defective tool.It seems to me that Delta has a problem with their manufacturing . I hope this is not a sign of things to come , the last thing we need is another manufacturer of cheap tools ,
 We all know that the unit has been well reviewed on the web and the woodworking mags . I think that those units were hand-delivered by Delta reps. Like many , the Amazon price was right and the free shipping was a nice bonus . Like many others , I too received a damaged unit with large cracks at the base of the column . I re-read all the reviews and kept a tally ; more than 32 percent -LRB- 17 out of 52 -RRB- of those taking the time to write a review had encountered shipping damage ; in some cases on multiple units shipped !! Amazon , what 's wrong with this picture ? What part of a horrendously high shipping damage experience do n't you understand ? I own a bunch of Delta tools
 This is an example where pretty good engineering is erased by lousy quality control . The machine work is extremely rough and the table and fence took hours of grinding and filing to get them half way smooth . Once the parts are smooth enough to be assembled , you realize that the fence is n't square to the table . That takes more grinding and filing to correct . Now you get to actually use the machine - only to find that the chisel and bit do n't line up with each other and neither is square to the fence . Shimming the column square to the table and then shimming the motor to get the chisel and bit in alignment finally yield a useable machine.This would n't be a bad machine if there was some quality control in the machining and assembly processes but unfortunately there is n't . My mortiser finally works OK but I really wish I 'd bought a General or Powermatic .
 Like others who have posted here , I received a broken mortiser in the mail . It did not appear that the box was damaged , so I thought all was well . However , upon opening the box , I saw that the casting had snapped in one location . Judging by the material exposed by the crack , the casting looked as if it was of poor quality . I returned it for a refund and will be looking around locally for one that I can be sure is in good shape when I take it home . Do n't be fooled ... this is a common and serious issue . No one likes to waste time shipping broken tools back and forth .
 I ordered this item dispite the previous reviews about damaged shipments thinking that they were the minority and I would get lucky . Well ... the machine arrived in a box that was in great shape and I was optimistic until I opened it . The housing was cracked at the dovetail joint just as described in the other reviews . It is either a defect in the manufacture or the method of packing by the manufacturer . I do n't feel that Amazon or UPS was at fault for this . I returned it for a refund.Do yourself a favor . Find a reputable retail store that sells the mortiser either assembled or in a box that you can check immediately . It would be worth the extra $ 30 you save from Amazon by avoiding the hassle of shipment and returns .
 After reading other customer reviews about receiving broken mortising machines from UPS I was leary about ordering one . I decided to order one because of the great price and free shipping . Mine was shipped via FedEx . The box arrived in excellent condition , with only one corner having a small ding . I was sure that the machine would be fine . unfortunatly I was wrong . There were two large cracks in the head at the dovetail and one at the lower end of the column . The styrofoam packaging was still intact.Given the condition of the box and styrofoam I am convinced that this machine was already damaged before it was ever packaged at the factory . I waited 4 weeks for this machine because it was on backorder.I called Amazon.com the next morning , the person that helped me was very professional , she contacted FedEx to arrange a pick up and they did arrive as scheduled . The mortising machine is still on backorder so I just asked for a credit.I have decided to look at other manufacturers like Jet or even Craftsman . I would prefer the Delta model but ca n't wait another 4 to 6 weeks to possibly receive another defective tool.It seems to me that Delta has a problem with their manufacturing . I hope this is not a sign of things to come , the last thing we need is another manufacturer of cheap tools ,
 After reading other customer reviews about receiving broken mortising machines from UPS I was leary about ordering one . I decided to order one because of the great price and free shipping . Mine was shipped via FedEx . The box arrived in excellent condition , with only one corner having a small ding . I was sure that the machine would be fine . unfortunately I was wrong . There were two large cracks in the head at the dovetail and one at the lower end of the column . The styrofoam packaging was still intact.Given the condition of the box and styrofoam I am convinced that this machine was already damaged before it was ever packaged at the factory . I waited 4 weeks for this machine because it was on backorder.I called Amazon.com the next morning , the person that helped me was very professional , she contacted FedEx to arrange a pick up and they did arrive as scheduled . The mortising machine is still on backorder so I just asked for a credit.I have decided to look at other manufacturers like Jet or even Craftsman . I would prefer the Delta model but ca n't wait another 4 to 6 weeks to possibly receive another defective tool.It seems to me that Delta has a problem with their manufacturing . I hope this is not a sign of things to come , the last thing we need is another manufacturer of cheap tools ,
 Had previously reveiwed this item -LRB- review titled `` Shipping Trauma # 2 -RRB- . Couldn ' r receive a replacement then because I used a coupon which voided because I had to return the broken machine . Feeling optimistic , I decided to give Amazon and Delta another chance . So far I have been waiting for about 5 weeks on a 3-5 week shipping estimate . Got a message today saying that my order will be delayed another 8-12 weeks pending approval by me . The message stated that if my order ca n't be filled by then , it will be cancelled automatically . Hmmm ... seems kind of a strange coincidence that something like this happens about the time that other places are starting to raise their prices on this item . I 've noticed that this item is arriving in significant numbers at local retailers and find it hard to believe that Amazon ca n't get any . I hope that someone is n't holding out because I ordered before the price increase . I used another coupon too . Hope I do n't have to forfeit another one . Just like before , this has been a very disappointing experience . Hope others are having better luck than me .
 Avoid this tool at all cost . I purchased one 2 months ago , uncrated and set it up yesterday and used it for the first time today . On the fourth mortise cut , the handle flopped freely and the head stopped in position . Unable to raise or lower the head with the handle , I removed the head from the stand . Upon examination of the gear mechanism I discovered that the pin that holds the gear to the handle had sheared off . I had not really stressed the machine at all so the failure was inexplicable . I 've never been a fan of Delta tools and this experience proved my worst fears . Buyer beware .
 Delta , if you are reading this , the problem of cast iron breakage is in your packing ... there are two reasonable and economic ways to fix your problem.ONE . . use a minimum of six inces of molded styrofoam at the edge of the base . A coulpe inches of styrofoam at the base edge is not going to dampen the shock on a unit this heavy in the event it is dropped . Even if it is only a foot or so ... and or , TWO . . disconnect the column from the base . You seperate the column and motor from the base during shipping and I think your problem is solved . Now if the unit is dropped during shipping you will not have the kinetic energy transfering to the column and motor which is brittle and top heavy . Newton 's 4th law of motion still applies today ... just remove the weak linkDelta , why do you take so long to address this issue ??? P.S. Sorry Norm
 As a woodworker with thirty years experience , both amateur and professional , I feel that my review is qualified and hope that it will be helpful . The occasional mortising that I 've done in the past was either by hand or with a router ; I purchased this machine as a matter of convenience for a couple of personal projects in mind . This is my first experience with Delta 's Chinese line and I am not impressed in the least . Although it will probably serve my basic requirements , it is nonetheless of exceedingly poor overall quality . Not long ago , Asian imports were a cost effective option ; it seems that they have now become the standard . It is truly disheartening to have witnessed the decline of American machine manufacturing with respect to the woodworking industry . I 've yet to meet a woodworker who does n't take pride in both the end product and ownership of a quality tool or machine ; if this is not the case , you 're merely a DIYer . Again , I feel that the mortiser will give decent service and if the formula of low cost = good value is applied , this purchase was a fair deal . As to the pride of owning a quality machine , I believe that I 'll resign this one to a dark corner in my shop , letting it see light on an as-needed basis .
 After reading the existing reviews of this product I expected a real quality mortiser . My experience has been anything but good . The first problem I had is serious enough that I would never buy the tool again . The handle that lowers the bit onto the woodpiece is made of incredibly poor steel . I 'm not that strong and I broke all the cog teeth on the handle while depressing it into a piece of oak after using it for only a couple of days . Amazon.com was super helpful in getting me another replacement tool . However , this new tool still had a poorly fitting cog wheel and in addition it had another problem . The set screw that tightens the bit would not screw in tight enough to keep the square cutting knife from turning . I used all my might to tighen the screw , but the bit still turns -LRB- I was using a 1/2 in . mortise bit -RRB- . So , the second tool was even worse . I live in fear that the cog on the handle will break again and the bit slipping makes my mortises crooked . It 's too bad Delta would let these 2 parts -LRB- and they are critical parts -RRB- ruin what would otherwise be a very solid well built mortiser .
 How anyone could give this sorry excuse for a woodworking machine a good review is beyond me . I suppose there are a couple of precision parts somewhere , but they are few and far between . If you are looking for a mortiser that will give you precision mortises after careful setup keep on looking . You will probably need to spend twice the money , but it will be money well spent not thrown away . The chisels are cheap , the mortiser has so much play in the column that you would be much better off cutting mortises by hand . I ca n't believe this thing says Delta on it !
 As with others here it was cracked on arrival . in the same place where the motor part meets the column . Bad castings . overseas cheap labor ! I returned it with no problems for a refund . The powermatic looks like a better machine .
 I am a Delta tool guy with a Unisaw and 3 HP shaper to name a couple of things . These tools are great . Made well and dependable . This Mortising Machine however is a POS . After a couple of years the Pot metal used for the twist clamps breaks into pieces in your hands like a graham cracker . I have had to replace these twist claps with bolts from the hardware store just to keep working . The machine is underpowered at 1/2 hp and stops easily clogging on wood chips . The lever is too short and needs to be a little longer like the other bench top models like the Shopfox or Powermatic .
 Use this machine at your own risk . You will have to regrind the fence to get is square and do n't believe for a second that the center line of the motor is automatically perpendicular to the bed/table . Nothing but grief . I 'm looking to replace my two-year-old Delta with something else .
 Mortising machine received by UPS , box completely crushed . Machine had large , serious crack through frame and I had to return it . Amazon was very good to replace it . But it was a lot of hassle . See review of new machine when received .
 What can I say ? This arrived on my doorstep with the box and packaging in shreds . Some parts were just sitting on top of the box , as if they were rolling around in the back of the UPS truck . Screw were strewn about and nothing was even inventoriable . UPS shredded the whole shipment . However , I see that this is a recurrent problem . I believe that Delta needs to package the item in something that will stay together . Some plastic or metal strapping would have worked fine . I should n't blame UPS because I do n't believe that it 's their fault that so many of these things are arriving in such poor shape . Blame Delta .
 I purchased this item on February 20th , 2005 and it reached me today 15th March , broken in two . It seems as though it shifted while being shipped and the machine broke away from the base . I am very disappointed at this time , but the shippers promise to compensate me for the damages . From what I saw , I believe that the packaging was not properly labelled and therefore it may have been placed in the container for shipping upside down , which meant that the heavy base was in the air rather than flat on the ground . Nevertheless I will order a replacement since I need to have it .
 The Mortising Machine I bought was broken during shipping , never got to use it , delivery for a replacement was too far out . Canceled order .
 I just received my Delta Mortiser and like others have reported , it was damaged . The packaging looked as if it had already been `` around the block '' a few times . After opening it , I found a crack in the cast iron motor bracket . -LRB- my heart fell to the floor ... ; - -LRB- Just finished packing it up for return . I was very suprised at the flimzy packaging from Delta . I own at least a half dozen or so Delta power tools and all of them where packaged as if they were ready to take a trip on the space shuttle . I 've bragged to my wife several times about the way Delta tools are packaged . -LRB- She even keeps the boxes for storage -RRB- Even with the marginal shipping practices of UPS , this unit is truely packaged poorly . The fact that the unit is packaged with the head attached to the stand creates an accident waiting to happen . It seems that minimal shock can crack the dovetail . I guess Delta failed to do a drop test on this unit.The styrofoam seems as if was not fitted for this tool . There is so many little cubby holes that do n't seem to fit the parts that it took some time to figure out how to repackage it for return.I guess I 'll give it another try . Maybe next time I 'll be able to talk about how much I love the tool ... . dc
 So I bought a Delta 14-651 Hollow Chisel Mortiser recently . Setting it up , I find I can not fit any Delta chisel into the machine 's bushing part # 1346469 . So on 9/23 I call the Delta service & warranty number and get a nice girl who tells me I 'm the second caller that day with that problem , but she has a bushing right there on her desk she can ship me and I can expect it in a week . Cool.That was then . This is two weeks later and no part has shown up so I call and get a guy who tells me the part is back-ordered until 11/14 . Now the first problem is , slipping a chisel into this bushing is fundamental to the operation of the machine and you might think that this might be a basic quality check prior to shipping . After all , quoting from the Delta manual , `` All Delta Machines and accessories are manufactured to high quality standards ... '' Further , `` Since accessories other than those offered by Delta have not been tested with this product , use of such accessories could be hazardous . '' This implies Delta accessories included with the Delta product might be expected to fit a Delta product . But you 'd be wrong . Apparently not this one . And yes , I tried other Delta chisels & bits I had on hand
 The first one had a problem with the base . The holes for the tower , fence slots , and chisel/drill thru-hole were all machined off center . I returned it and the replacement had the same problem ... only a little less and in different places . You can actually see the problem by eye.I will say that the support folks and sales rep were very helpful . I was told that the DELTA people are going to do spot checks on the production line .
 Upon reading all the reviews on this both good and bad , it is a mediocre product . I picked mine up from a woodworking store 5 or 6 years ago and had no issues with packaging and assembling per everyone elses problems . My issues were the lever would bind half way down while trying to drill through and once I started drilling it was rather tough going . After many mortises the piece where the lever connected to the motor broke into pieces and it did take quite a while to get a replacement . I do agree that the hp is not quite enough for drilling through hard woods like maple or oak . Many mortises have been made since my purchase but I just deal with with the binding ... you get what you pay for I guess .
 Box was just like new . Opened box casting on main housing broken . Therewas no sign of rough delivery . Delta has gone down hill on tools . Returned and got refund no more delta tools for me . AMAZON was great .
 The first unit I received was litterally broken in half
 I ca n't review this product because I have not been able to receive one in working condition . I have ordered and received this product 3 times and all 3 times it arrived in pieces and in an unuseable condition . The one star rating is for amazon and the shipper that they use . I would think that after 3 times you would get the product in a useable condition . I will probably just go elseware and purchase the product even though it will cost more I will be readily assured that it will arrive in good condition . Probably Lowes , Home Depot or Farm & Fleet . I have wasted about 8 weeks on this fiasco .
 I learned a lot from this mortising machine . Like , how to uninstall the chisel and bit to remove the wood chips jammed in them . Of course , removing the chisel and bit ruins all your squaring efforts and you have to square everything again . And I learned to put a gorilla twist on the chuck in order to keep the bit from falling out of the chuck whilst you mortise away . I learned how to swing on a handle in order to get enough force to cut into the wood -LRB- Oh , yes , the chisels are honed and very sharp -RRB- . I learned to cut my fingers when changing out the chisels or having to bang on the top of the drill auger bit to get it out of the chisel when it jams with wood chips , or more often wood CHIP.I do n't have any problem with the actual quality of this albatross . It is heavy , roughly finished , and everything squares ... again and again . But I now use a router or more often a drill press and a hand chisel .
 As with so many other people that have purchased this item , it arrived broken . Mine was broken in the same place as the customer photo shows , a major cast iron section . They either are n't packaging these correctly for shipping or sending them back out after they 've been returned as damaged . In either case , you do n't save enough money buying it from Amazon to make it worth the extra headache and time of returning it , especially since it is so heavy -LRB- 80 lbs -RRB- . You 're better off just buying one locally if you can.UPDATE
 Never got a chance to use this item , it was delivered broken . Amazon was good about the return and refund . I think the break in the main body casting shows a weakness in the design . The casting should be thicker in the area of the break .
 I read the reviews and decided that , for the money , this mortiser would be hard to beat . I felt that the shipping problems were probably causing more reviews than the quality . I received my first machine in good condition and followed all the steps to set it up before trying it out . Everything appeared in order and I saw no defects ... . until I turned it on . When I did , I immediately noticed the chuck wobble slightly as it started turning . I mounted a chisel and bit as directed and turned it on , only to hear a racket as the bit wandered in the chisel . I re-adjusted everything and tried again , with the same results.I removed the chisel and tried just the bit in a piece of pine . The wobble was enough to score the wood in a circle 1/16th of an inch larger than the bit . Anyway , I packed it up and sent it back to Amazon . BTW , there returns system started out wonderfully.I received the 2nd one two days later . I noticed that the box was slightly banged up . I opened the top to find that the mortiser was packed upside down . Upon removal of the top piece of Styrofoam , I saw the cast iron housing that holds the sliding gib completely broken off so that I could see the rack and pinion gears . How disappointing!Upon closer inspection , I could see that the metal looked quite different than the cast iron I am familiar with . The jagged edges almost looked like quartz ... it had several flat shiny spots of varying angles . I am not a metallurgist , but it appeared that the cast iron itself is of extremely poor quality . I have broken cast iron before after subjecting it to extreme force and have never seen such a structure in cast iron.Finally , I returned this machine immediately and requested a third , figuring , `` Three strikes and you are out . '' Well , Amazon writes back and advises that there is obviously problem with the product and that they can not ship a third . They say they will refund my money , but I am still without a tool that I need . I think I will have to try and find a Shop Fox mortiser locally , and fork over the extra cash for chisels.As an owner of several other Delta tools , I am very disappointed with the quality of the two tools I received . Good luck if you decide to go for it .
 I recently ordered a grizzly band saw and I was so happy i went back to this company . when I recieved this tool from the mail it looked a little lerry to me . after opening it I found that the moter was cracked in half ! I was very desipionted but they are sending me a new tool very soon . I ' v heard this tool is great but I havent tried it yet : -LRB-
 Out of the box , the unit would clod very quickly when attached to a planer taking 1/16 of a 4 '' board -LRB- something a 650 CFM dust collector should not have a problem with -RRB- . The problem is caused by a crossbar in the 4 '' inlet which appears to have been added to prevent someone from sticking there hand up into the impellers . Longer shavings from the planer get caught on the bar and then in turn help catch later pieces . I could probably be sued for suggesting people fix the problem the way that I did , so instead I would suggest the slightly more pricy JET which does not have a crossbar . Another reviewer went up in size instead and I think that is probably overkill for most small , single operator , shops .
 30 micron bags this product uses makes it worthless for saws . It lets too much dust get through . Buy a collector with 5 micron or less bags or canister filter . The AP400 lets a lot of fine dust through the standard bags and blows it all around your workshop . I think this is a big health risk.If you get this collector due to limited space or power requirements , throw out the original 30 micron bags . Replace them with Delta 's 5 micron bags , Penn State Industries -LRB- PSI -RRB- 1 micron bags , PSI canister , or Grizzly 's 5 micron bags or canister . Any 14.5 inch diameter dust collector bag or canister will work.Works fine for a planers and jointers . They do n't generate fine dust .
 This 1HP collector was barely okay when I was running a contractor saw , DeWalt planer and Rigid 6 '' jointer . -LRB- one machine at a time -RRB- Since I upgraded to 220V planing , jointing and sawing power , the collector has proved itself useless . Constant clogging of the intake port -LRB- at the cross-hairs underneath the impeller -RRB- and not enough airflow to extract certain heavy shavings -LRB- poplar , mahogany , etc -RRB- from ejection ports of the specific machines -LRB- planer , jointer -RRB- . This leads to constant shutdown for manual extraction . You will be severly disapointed if you try to run heavier duty equipment on this machine . It is possible that my ducting runs were too long , but I doubt it . -LRB- See some of the Fine Woodworking 's reviews on collectors to confirm my situation -RRB- .
 The motor started smoking on initial start-up . We 're not talking about a little bit of smoke - we 're talking enough smoke to fill my workshop with a thin fog ! Thinking maybe it just had something to do with the break-in I plugged it back in and tried to start it up and the motor was seized . I contacted Amazon and they sent a replacement right away -LRB- had it in 2 days to be exact -RRB- . I set the replacement up and the same thing happened to the new machine !!! I contacted Amazon and they refunded my money and paid for the return shipment . They said they would contact their distribution center and stop shipping the units . They also allowed me to substitute to the JET model as well . 5 Stars for Amazon , 1 star for the Delta AP400 .
 Tnaks to Delta for stopping further distribution of this machine . Like some of the other owners who complained of seized motors , mine did the same . But I use my only very seldom so the machine was out of warranty when the motor burned up but it had less that 1 hour of use time on it . When I checked about replacing the motor I found it costs over $ 200 . The machine did n't cost that much . This was my first -LRB- and last -RRB- piece of Delta Equipment .
 If it was n't for the really low price on this I would be very upset with the purchase . It 's my first Delta tool and has left me disappointed . It is much louder than the other reviews indicate . Forget talking to anyone while it 's on -LRB- in a small shop at least -RRB- . It is also very top heavy and is extremely easy to tip . Hit one expansion joint in the concrete and down she goes . I 'm trying to figure out a way to put it in the attic and run hoses because otherwise I ca n't see myself using this dust collector .
 I tried using this unit on a jointer and planer and it could not handle either of them without clogging . If you are only using on saws , it might be sufficient . I bought at local store and returned it the same day . I will be getting a larger unit .
 Save your money , it 's useless . Even fine dust 2 inches away from the hose sits there . I have n't measured the CFM but my old shop-vac works better . Delta makes poor products and they do n't stand behind them
 I was in the process of ordering this item but found no for the inlet which is needed to order hoses and fittings ; I have therefore canceled the order .
 Plumber could not install this handle on Kohler toilet . The color was right but the fit was wrong . I returned this item .
 I tried for over an hour to make this product work for my Eljer toilet with a side mount flush handle . The packaging explicitly states it will fit , but it DOES NOT !! I wasted a good share of my afternoon , being misled by false advertising .
 This does NOT fit on our Toto side mount flush toilet . And the return window has passed . I am angry that the advert claimed it would work on all toilets . IT DOES NOT .
 definitely not working with side installation , and by the time you `` adjust '' the arm and think this will work , you already destroy it to the point that no refund possible . So unless you are doing the front installation , not worth it at all .
 Handle looks great . Only issue is after 2 years , handle broke off . I have a power flush that requires a little more force . Plastic handles never were an issue , this one snapped at the handle leaving me in search of a new one .
 The handle is nice looking , but the metal on the inside has bent already and made the handle useless . Looks good , but lacks functionality .
 Bought 6 of these for 6 bathrooms . I have replaced one 3 times , one twice and one once in a period of 2 years . In all have bought 12 of these and another one just broke . The metal seems heavy duty but ... inside it is cheap alloy and they keep right on breaking . They do not correctly fit side and angle mount toilets as advertised . In addition the cheap metal alloy corroides inside causes them to stick and break . Spraying them with wd40 helps them last a few more months before they bind up and snap off inside . The only thing made of decent quality metal is the exposed handle giving it weight and fooling you into thinking this is a well made product . Do n't waste your money as for 15 dollars this product is unacceptable and irritating . You will find similar comments under the Home depot reviews from many buyers .
 Contrary to what the packaging claims , this handle will NOT work on a side mount toilet . This sort of false advertising makes one want to avoid all Danco products .
 Unfortunately , I did n't see the reviews before installing . As others have said , it will not work as a side mount lever . There is only about a 1/2 '' lift when mounted on the side of the tank . It was returned .
 This is a cheap product . Do n't waste your money on it . A month after I installed it the lever broke from the shaft . What a waste of money !
 I bought one of these at Ace Hardware . Had to return it because it doesnt side mount at all.Its a good price point , and it looks nice , so if you have a front mount , go for it .
 While the handles are very heavy , the interior components did not hold up well to water . Both handles purchased handles coroded on the inside of the tank within one year . We do have hard water , however you would think that this product should be able to hold up to a constant wet enviornment .
 Although the lever 's design is very much like the faucet handles on my new Victorian bathroom vanity , I do not like the way it flushes . The hardware with it is not nearly as nice as ones I have purchased previously .
 I spent three hours with this thing yesterday attempting to get it to lift the flapper high enough to flush the toilet , but it simply wo n't work . There 's not a wide enough range of motion in the flush action to get the flapper high enough to flush.Might be useful for front-mount toilets , but again DOES NOT WORK FOR SIDE-MOUNT TOILETS!Returned .
 The cheapo plastic lever that came with the new toilet worked incredibly better than this product , and the to add to the aggravation of it never flushing properly , the handle of the lever broke off after a month or two .
 I purchased this item to match the decor of a bathroom remodel project for our powder room . After only three months of actual use the handle portion snapped off during a routine flush . You get what you pay for .
 We have several of these . As someone else mentioned , on one our handle broke off after a short time of normal use . The worst thing about these is the lever arms are painted/coated metal to look like brass . Look closely at the ends , you 'll see it . Get read for this thing to rust like crazy and muck up your tank and bowl . Shame on this company for trying to trick folks into thinking it 's brass and wo n't rust .
 It looks very pretty and is heavy , but it does n't fit the side flusher toilets as it claims to . Also awkward directions and set up .
 It does not and can not work on side mount plus the instructions ramble on without any clarity . They are pointless for any installation as if a bunch of words about the lever equate to instructions . Very disappointing and certainly not worth twice the money over std levers . I only bought it due to the side mount claims which are completely false .
 Good quality , but I could not get the handle to work for mounting on the side of the tank . It would not lift the flap high enough to get sufficient water flow . I 'm sure it would work fine for a front lever install , but it is definitely not a universal mount like the product claims .
 This is NOT a universal toilet tank lever ; it WILL not work with a side mounted toilet . As the other reviewer noted , it will not life the rubber flap high enough to get good flow . I messed with this for several hours before returning it . Avoid .
 The previous owners of our home replaced the toilet levers -LRB- along with faucets -RRB- in all of the bathrooms . Of the 3 toilets we have , 2 of these levers have broken.Yes , they 're very attractive levers and quite reasonably priced but when you have to replace them , the price no longer factors into the equation.Do yourself a favor , buy a Moen or some other brand that offers a lifetime warranty as toilet levers are n't something that should just snap in half !
 I bought this planer because it was alot cheaper than the others , mistake . This planer does work but spend a few more bucks and get a planer with a few more features.The feed rollers need help , I usually have to push the board into the planer to keep it moving . There is no locking device , the vibration of the unit causes the cutter heads to move up thus not giving even cut . Does not come with any attachment for dust collection.The planer works great for 4 '' to 6 '' pine , but struggles with wider boards and most hardwoods . It seems to have plenty of power the feed rollers just do n't work well .
 The blades wear easily on just a few sticks of oak . Carbide blades may help if you can find them . The owners manual has sequential page numbers but is missing several illustrations that I downloaded from Amazon . Delta 's home page came up blank when I attempted to download the missing pages . A couple of screws rattled out of the machine on my first use . No clue where they belong . The nuts on the knives are so tight that I rounded the 8mm end wrench provided . Had to revert to my Craftsman 8 mm to turn the blades . I have several Delta products , but this is not my favorite .
 Well built , but not enough power . I picked up 2 of these from lowes , and a 10 inch Drill press -LRB- # 21900 -RRB- from sears to compare . I ended up getting 2 from lowes because the first one i thought was defective , the pin that holds the drilling table level was drilled in at an angle , which i thought was just bad workmanship . I picked up a second one from lowes to compare it with , and the second one ended up having a broken switch housing , But the pin was straight on this one , so i switched the drilling table and ended up with 1 complete drill press . I was making a wine bottle holder and needed to make 2 inch and 4 inch holes with the hole saw drill bits . Even on the lowest speed setting , there was not enough power , and the motor would lock up many times -LRB- stop -RRB- . It took over a minute to make each hole . I used my Hand drill and made the holes in less than half that time . I tried forstner bits and spade bits on the same 3/4 plywood for testing purposes , and again with the motor lockups . I picked up the 10 inch drill press from sears and ran the same tests . In comparing the two , the sears unit is slightly small , but same height . the base is about an inch smaller on each side , the table is about 1 inch smaller on each side , and the main pole/shaft is also about 1/2 less in diameter . The belt/pulley/press on both units are roughly the same size though . The sears drill press has 2/3 hp , of wich i could feel the difference immediately . It made short work of the sameprojects attempted earlier with the Delta . Not once did the motor on the sears drill press lock up , even on the same speed/torque belt setting . In conjunction with the more powerful motor , the sears unit also had a laser guide , which was a plus . I ended up returning these delta drill presses back to lowes , since the motor driving them was just not enough power . Since manufacturers usually list hp as peak , the delta probably had way less than the 1/4 hp listed . My overall impression was that the delta drill press was a well built drill press unit that is severely underpowered , which makes it nice to look at , but pretty much useless for my needs . It appeared to me that it was built for a bigger motor , but probably ended up getting cut for cost reasons . I would highly recommend looking into the sears unit for about the same $ . It offers a laser guide , a fence and stop block , which i used a lot for drilling out the holes for cabinet hinge cups . it also has a much larger , more powerful motor , with an electric brake that had enough power to drill through all of my wood projects . Both units employed the belt drive system with pulleys , which at first i did not like , but after using forseveral minutes , ended up liking . Sure a transmission style drive system would be nice , but much more money , and not really worth it for me . The belt system allows for lower speeds and an increase in torque , something that a speed controller does not add . For example , by holding the trigger a little lighter on your hand drill , slows the speed down , but does n't give you more torque . that would require a gear or transmission change from `` high '' to `` low '' . The belt system is like that `` high/Low '' switch on your hand drills , but with greater variation , or more gearing options to choose from . For a $ 100 drill press , the pulley system is a great `` manual '' transmission . The depth adjust on the delta is a joke , and seems to be common among the cheaper drill presses -LRB- ryobi -RRB- . It is adjusted on the press lever and constantly slips . A better alternative is that found on the Craftsman , an actual depth stop , like those used on plunge routers and biscuit joiners . I was n't looking for a monster drill press that could drill holes through rocks with blazing speed . Just something that was accurate and had more torque and power than my 18v Bosch Cordless drill . I agree with the other reviewers who say this is a well built unit , with the exception of the depth stop and limited power . Look at other units similarily priced.pros
 As a hobbyist woodworker and woodturner , a small drill press seamed like a handy tool . I bought the Delta DP-200 from a tool store that has since gone out of business , for about $ 90 . Setup was easy , had lots of fun trying things -LRB- my first drill press -RRB- , used it on various projects , and drilled pen blanks . Yes , it was under powered , but patience was rewarded with precision work . Then one day , I turned it on and it did n't start . Even with the belts disconnected the motor would only vibrate and hum . With the help of the internet , the diagnostic work indicated the start/run capacitor was the problem . Long story made short . Delta would not warranty the motor without proof of purchase -LRB- my lack of record keeping was the problem -RRB- . They could sell me a new motor , for over $ 100 . They had no way of selling a component ; the capacitor . After extensive checking locally and on the web , I can not find anyone that could sell me the capacitor . I wrote to distributors in China -LRB- I had the factory and catalog number -RRB- , but they wanted to know how many thousands I would need annually before they would quote a price.End of story
 amazon has been helpful . that 's about all i can say about this item.i received it and the case was cracked in transport . amazon and i settled that and then less than 3 weeks after receiving the drill press it broke . the tension spring snapped while i was drilling 2 inch deep holes into Douglas Fir . So now i 'm returning it for , hopefully , a full refund.otherwise , the delta was easy to set up and seemed sturdy enough . however , i probably wo n't buy another delta again because of all the problems i 've had with this supposed workhorse .
 After 2 years of light and I mean extremely light usage , the motor burnt out right after the warranty expired . It was an ok press while it lasted but do n't expect much from it and do n't be surprised that it does n't last .
 This is my third delta tool . I have the bandsaw and a mitre saw . This is the first dissappointment . I have used my drill only 5 times and my chuck is out of alignment . I bought it do drill holes with a hole saw and can not do this because of the slight wobble in chuck . The drill press is quite heavy and felt solid out of the box . but the machine does not do what I bought it to do . I am using my cordless drill to make holes now and am thinking of buying a larger drill press because of this . It definitely wo n't be a delta.The Light is a great but I would look elsewhere .
 Easy to put together ... excellent for starting up a woodworking shop , but plugged it in the second day and the motor just hummed and would n't turn -LRB- it worked the day before for boring a 2 inch hole with a hole saw.When I took the motor cover off , and removed the belt , the motor would work with a spin of the hand helping it along . But if the motor slowed too much , it would simply hum and turn at 1/4 speed.My conclusion is that this was manufactured with a defective motor . Not too good publicity for the Delta brand name.I 'll have to return it to Lowe 's , but I 'm not confident that the next one will work either . If the one I exchange it for works OK , I 'll wite another review but I wanted to let you know about this .
 This new version of the Delta 50-280 is n't as good as the older model . I 've had a 50-280 for about 4 years now and it does a real good job of collecting chips/dust from my table saw , band saw , planer , joiner , spindle sander , etc. . I move it from tool to tool as I use them , kind of a hassel , but it works well . Thought I would buy another to cut down on the hose moving . Still wanted a smaller unit so I could stash it under a bench out of the way , so ordered an AP300 as the 50-280 is no longer available . This is definitly a much cheaper unit . Even with the standard hose it does not seem to have enough suction to keep up with my Delta planer , chips load up in the dust chute and eventually clog the spaces not directly in front of the four inch outlet . When the inlet of the dust collector clogs up -LRB- frequently -RRB- it is a real pain to clear it out , and chips are always left in the hose , sometimes a couple of handfulls will not make it to the bag.Using a can for the larger stuff is n't really an option for me as I 'm space challenged.I 'm going to return this dust collector , and take a look at some of the other offerings out there . Delta seems to be getting in a habit of producing duds lately . This is one of them . Ca n't recommend this tool .
 The AP300 replaces the 50-280 in Delta 's dust collector line . In my shop I have two 50-280 's and was rather disappointed when I opened the box . The blast gates are no longer part of it . The fan shroud is now sealed ; on the 50-280 one could easily split the shroud with one bolt to clear the fan blades , now there are approx . 10 sheet metal screws to remove the inlet plate . The base is a flimsy piece of stamped steel ; mine arrived bent and was too easily straightened . The hose is only 10 ' if you stretch it out , at rest it is about 8 ' . The motor on the AP300 is its only redeeming quality . The only reason I gave this 2 stars is that 1 star is only given to a completely useless POS . If you can find the 50-280 elsewhere , buy it .
 Bought at Lowes for $ 99 plus there was a rebate -LRB- forgot the amount -RRB- . Works great for dust collectoin from sanding table -LRB- also a delta -RRB- but does poorly w / planer -LRB- delta -RRB- because chips get stuck on protection cage in front of impeller -LRB- I may remove this -RRB- also leaks where hose fitting is screwed to housing -LRB- silicone should solve this -RRB- . 2 stars because Delta should have thought this out better . Also replced crappy 30 mocron bag w / 5 micron bag . Big difference !!!
 The main reason that I purchased this was the portability , which allows me to move it around my shop -LRB- since I do n't have an installed system -RRB- . My experience has shown that a powerful shop vac -LRB- I have two Ridgid ones -RRB- are more portable -LRB- due to the casters -RRB- and a heck of a lot more powerful . I have installed this on several machines and found that it is only barely adequate on those that have built-in collection ports . When used as a free-standing collector -LRB- router table , drill press , etc. -RRB- , more goes by the intake than goes in . The unit just does n't have that much suction power -LRB- putting your hand over the intake will demonstrate this -RRB- .
 I have a small shop in my garage so wanted a small dust collector . Attached it to a delta planer - Does n't do the job . Attached it to my router table - Nothing . My portable vaccum is much stronger.Go for a more powerful unit.I 'll sell this one -LRB- one month old -RRB- in a blink.Shame on Delta .
 In 30 years of buying DELTA woodworking products , this is the first one I have not been fully satisifeid with . The collector does not work when connected to a shaper that is using a large diameter raised panel cutter . The collector becomes clogged at the entrance to the blower , at the cross bars , stopping the vacuum effect . Very dissappointed .
 This device works well as a dust collector but not a chip collector . I have tried to use it with a thickness planer but the chips clog on the intake opening cross bar . It works with my router dust vent okay . I assume it work okay with an sanding table . Do n't expect too much from this .
 Glad to see this unit is discontinued , one was given to me by a friend , proved to be a total piece of crap . The bag constantly blows off constantly which make a huge mess. , then the plastic zipper failed which made things worse . The casters are merely decoration its rolls about as easily as a dead Buick . Been a source of aggrivation since it entered my shop , do yourself a favor and keep looking
 Delta AP300 Shopmaster 3/4 Horsepower 680 CFM Horizantal Bag Dust Collector , 120/240-Volt 1 PhaseI gave it away . It is a weak product that does not take in much dust . Bag is a pain to empty . If you are going to get a dust collector , do n't expect too much from what you buy unless you get something over $ 1000 .
 This tool belt is a good idea and feels great ... here 's the lowdown . In the field the loops on the back of the pouches for the horizontal belt are weak . They broke within two weeks . Bucket Boss makes great products and I hope that they would upgrade this unit as soon as possible . I wish that I would have bought mine here , alas I did not and am now stuck with it .
 I made my old tool belt and it lasted over 20 years and I LIKED IT . I working in the trades as a framer and concrete contractor and I know how important a tool belt is
 I 've had this belt for not to long , and already have had to replace the belt because all the plastic buckles -LRB- of which there are a quite a few -RRB- have broken . Now I have a halfway serviceable belt I have to tie on every day .
 I am thoroughly dissapointed in this item !! It was extremely uncomfortable , the suspenders rubbed my neck all day . The pouches would not stay where I wanted them and liked them for comfortable wear . I have worn combinations of belt and suspenders before with success but never ones desgined to work together . These are a huge dissapointment , and I am glad I only lost $ 40.00 on the purchase !
 I have owned 3-4 of these tool belt systems . They worked well for what you are buying for a good price -LRB- at first -RRB- . With each new purchase of the item the condition and build quality was different and cheaper made with each one . The belt thickness would change , the style of suspender would change , different clips or hardware where they were attached . The most recent one I purchased will have me seeking a different type when it comes time to buy another one . I guess maybe the next iteration COULD be built better as it always changes , but how would you know that before you buy .
 As a builder , dont expect to use this thing right out of the box as mine came squished flat as a pancake and i couldnt fit all my tools in it and still reach them because the pockets were closed from being flattened
 I do n't think anyone at Bucket Boss has ever actually USED this product , or talked to anyone who did.The suspender straps slip under the weight of the tools , so the pouches and belt pull your pants down . The suspenders only attach to rings on the pouches , so you ca n't position them where you want them on the belt . The belt is flimsy , so it ca n't support the weight of the pouches or the hammer loop . The hammer loop can only be positioned in the MIDDLE of the back where it can slap against BOTH legs as you walk . There are very few places you can put a screwdriver , a pair of wire strippers , pliers , etc. , where they will stay and can easily be returned to the same point for future use.I am BIG with a 44 inch waist , If I hook the front suspenders to one side of each pouch and the backs to the other side , the suspenders end up running horizontally across my back and pulling the pouch around to my side too far . And because the suspenders slip , the whole assembly is soon around my knees.The suspenders are padded and comfortable , making the weight easy to carry , but because they ca n't maintain proper length , I have to keep adjusting them -- not easy with the backs.If I knew then , what I know now , I would have picked some other tool belt than this one .
 Although the machine runs very smooth , and has great suction for it 's small size , there is a glaring problem when it comes to attaching the bag to the exhaust flange
 Although this kit contains several fittings , tees , angles , screw on connectors for the 4 '' tube , clamps etc. ... NONE OF THE FITTINGS seem to fit each other . I have been forced to grind the inner diameter of any part I want to fit.Have tried to contact Delta by phone several times . No support e-mail address that I can find.Perhaps you could get somewone at Delta to contact me ... Thanks : Walt 719/845 -1091 or lobos@starband.net
 I would definitely not recommend the Delta 36-255L . I had probably used it only ten days before one of the lasers became unusable . I took this to an authorized Delta warranty center for warranty repair . After 5 weeks , the Delta technician told me he had replaced the laser , but had broken the guard in the process . He then told me the machine was now irreparable and they would have to get me a new one . Later in the conversation , he changed his story and told me they would be getting me a remanufactured model , but it would have a two year warranty from when I got it . I basically said I expected them to honor their warranty and either repair mine or replace it with a new one . About a week later , when I phoned again , the person I spoke with looked up my order and told me they were getting me a new one , but it still was n't in . Finally , 49 days after I dropped it off for repair they called me and said my `` reconditioned '' saw was in . I said what do you mean `` reconditioned '' ? The Delta person then stated that he was n't sure what it was and it might actually be new.I drove down to pick it up -LRB- two hours round trip -RRB- . I was told they would replace my saw with a reconditioned saw with an unknown history . I complained that they should either repair mine or replace it with a new one . The Delta manager said to either take it , or wait another week and make another two hour drive and they would repair mine . I asked about the reconditioned one and he said it would not have a two year warranty like I was told , but would only have the balance of the warranty that was left on mine . They pretty much left me between a rock and a hard place . In order to avoid an eighth week of doing without a saw and another two hour trip , I was forced to accept a reconditioned saw with an unknown history.To sum up
 I was ready to buy this ` nice ' piece when I stumbled across some of the fineprint :36 -255 L bevels ONLY left 4536-255 bevels left & right 45So the 50 $ I would have been paying more gives me a laser but on the other hand takes away the double bevel function . That is too expensive a trade off.I ended up not buying this particular saw but a double bevel one from a different manufacturer and adding a separate laser unit : - -RRB-
 CHECK AMAZONS SHIPPING PRICES CLOSELY BEFORE BUYINGPORTER CABLE 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW $ 9.99 DELTA 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW $ 49.99 -LRB- SAME SAW AS PC ABOVE -RRB- DEWALT 12 IN COMPOUND MITER SAW FREEHOW CAN THIS BE ? THESE PRICES FOR SHIPPING ARE AS OF NOV. 4 2005
 The first problem I had was several bolts for the knives were `` frozen '' and I could not get them out . After being in the shop for 6 wks they fixed the problem . The next problem was the input sled was not level and warped . The repair shop had it for a month and when I went to get it back I checked it with a square before I left the shop and it still wasn `` t fixed . It was still under waranty and they said they would not give me a refund because I purchased it online and they could not fix it .
 This is NOT , IMHO , worth what it cost to manufacture the styrofoam it 's packaged in . That fence drove me nuts , and plan on spending 1/2 hour trying -LRB- KEYWORD -RRB- to align it . I 'm surprisd that Delta selected such a poor choice of materials for this Unit.Save your money and buy either the next Unit up -LRB- I believe that is the 360 ? -RRB- and while it 's twice the price you 're getting 10X the quality . Likewise Ridgid 's new Jointer
 A jointer is supposed to allow you to put a square edge on stock -LRB- so , for example , you could join them together with glue and have a flat surface -RRB- . This machine 's fence is so poorly thought out , I wonder if Delta had anyone test it before they went into production.No matter how hard you lock it down -LRB- assuming you can get it square to the bed , which is a big assumption -RRB- , it flexs , so it is just about impossible to get a square edge.I may try to make a fence of my own , perhaps a fixed wooden fence with the whole jointer on some sort of hinge . Otherwise , it 's pretty worthless.dan
 i actually read these reviews before i bought this thing and actually ignored the negitive reviews . Every bad thing in these reviews came true when i set it up the plastic handles broke i could n't get the fence square and it was warped and the friction on it was horrible . The table scrached after 2 days and wood got jammed under the blade and when i went to take the blade off the screws stripped i owned this jointer for 4 days and i returned it for the craftsman one that was only 20 dollars more but all cast iron what i difference
 I bought this tool at Amazon.com . The out feed table is warped and the fence does not stay in place . Forget trying to joint anything . It will not be straight.There are other things I could mention , but what I have written above should be sufficent enough .
 Please note in my update below that I have raise my rating to 3 stars . -- This is n't so much a tool as it is a way to spend an afternoon getting frustrated . I really wanted it to work out as it 's the perfect size for my tiny shop , alas it was not to be.On the plus side , it seems to have plenty of power for a small unit . It also seems to face-joint okay , which is nice.And then there is the vertical fence , what a piece of junk ! Between having a rather high coefficient of friction , even when waxed , being slightly warped from one end to the other and its greatest downfall , the pathetic mounting system , I have yet to get one square edge.The plastic-headed bolt that attempts to tighten the fence stripped out within a few days . Even when I actually got it tight , I could still alter the angle of the fence slightly without too much pressure pushing against the base of it.The results I 've had are not worth $ 200 . Maybe $ 100 as a face jointer . I can still combine this with my router table to get the job done , but I 'll be in the market for a real jointer as soon as I can make the space!Save your money and get a better unit . Delta has a full sized one for $ 300 and it has to be better than this!UPDATE to my review : I have fixed this unit 's two major shortcomings . First I replaced the useless swiveling fence mount with a solid and supportive piece of MDF . Now it holds 90 degrees . I do n't miss the ability to bevel the fence , but if I had to , I could stick the factory mount back on.Second , I covered the face of the fence with low friction tape . Now wood can smoothly slide through without binding.In it 's current state , I 'd probably give it 4 stars as it works as it should , but because I had to do those things myself , I 'll go with 3 .
 I 'm on my second Delta jointer planer . The first planer was delivered with a bent in-feed table . The table was bent one half an inch down at the end of the table and had a large chip in the table top . It looked so bad I just look at it and shook my head in disbelief . I sent it back , then I re-ordered . The second jointer came with two cracked tables plus a dent in the edge of the out-feed table . Both tables had a dip in the center of over 24000 of an inch plus some nicks in the top 's . It was useless to me . If you pay your hard earned money for a tool and that tool does not do the job it was intended to do then it 's junk and not worth the money you paid . I was really wanting this to be a good jointer because it was just the right size for my shop and was not that heavy . I guess you just ca n't beat Cast Iron.Don ' t waste you time on this Cheap Delta unit . Everyone that gave this unit a bad report was right . I should of listened .
 Spend the extra money and by a good -LRB- free-standing -RRB- Jointer -LRB- You 're going to eventually , once you realize how useless this product is on anything but the smallest scale project -RRB- . I built a couple of small end tables with this jointer , but when I went to put a straight edge on some longer lumber I am using for a desktop , I was not able to effectively do it -LRB- I eventually rigged-up my router table to do it -RRB- . It is mainly 'cause the outfeed table is so short.Also , there is no way to effectively hook up a dust collection device to this . I ended up using a magnetic dust chute , but it 's still not very effective .
 I researched this purchase for a long time and finally decided that I would get this machine , even though there were so many negative reviews . Well , I am not a negative reviewer , but I returned the machine and got a Ridgid JP0610 from HD . The Delta machine I received was just as described in the reviews on this page , so before purchasing this jointer determine what are your needs . Small projects -LRB- boards < 24 '' -RRB- or small shop then you may need to get this machine , but be forwarned because the distance apart b/t the Ridgid machine I just bought and this Delta machine is measured in light years . Now I 'm not selling the Ridgid machine , but for $ 150 more you will get a tool that is worth 10x that compared to this little machine . The Delta fence is pathetic , and the table to is very small , but I got it setup in 30minutes and had it finishing boards right away . Good finish , but when I tried a few longer boards it was much more difficult to manuver . Just not a good long term purchase for what I need it to do . So , figure out what type of work you will be doing and then make your decision , but if you have the room spend the $ 150 more !!! It is a no brainer !!!
 The only good thing about the Delta JT160 is it 's portability -LRB- one star -RRB- . It came well packed with no damage -LRB- one star -RRB- . The fence , sliding bracket and mounting bracket is a problem . They are simply made badly ... I had a lot of trouble squaring the fence to the table . The fence bends as you push wood through it.The knives needed ajusting . The four screws holding the knives in place were so tight I almost rounded them off unscrewing them . The quality of the knives are poor.The infeed table ajustment is bumpy , and unreliable.The whole unit vibrates a lot.I ran some soft pine through it.no problems . I then ran some Teak through it . The delta really had problems with the hardwood.To sum this up . I believe Ive wasted my money . I went for this model because of the limited space I have . I did nt buy it thinking it would give me years of good , reliable service , but even for short term use its not the solution . I wanted this to work , but unfortunately it doesnt . Lets just say , I wouldnt but it again.I 'm annoyed at Delta for the bad quality products they are banging out in China , throwing them on a boat and taking peoples hard made cash . Greed has gotten the better of them . I will have to think very carefully before buying any Delta product in the future .
 The infeed table on my machine was tilted down on the outfeed side by a 32nd of an inch or so . Being new to jointing , I did n't figure this out until it was too late to return it . My boards were coming out with a crown . The ends were tapering . After working on my technique for a while , I finally looked to see if the machine could be off . Sure enough the tables were not parallel to each other . There are no adjustments on the machine to fix this . I had to rig up a solution by putting rubber washers under the infeed table . Still not 100 % there , but a lot better .
 I do n't see how anyone could get good results with this thing . A jointer must be heavy ! Without weight , a jointer is useless . I bought one of these and sold it at a loss a few months later . If you 're looking for a jointer setup for a good price , get the Rigid 6 '' jointer -LRB- with a cast iron bed -RRB- , one of those magnetic knife setting jigs -LRB- a MUST -RRB- , and a set of carbide knives from a shop that specializes in making such things .
 Well , I almost completed a dresser for my daughter before this piece broke . Now I need to buy a real jointer.Dont buy it !
 It may be good enough for a pot-head to roll a joint on -LRB- especially if the boss is paying for it -RRB- . I went through two of them in a month 's time . A dopehead will hang out in the shop for days and milk you dry before he tells you that it broke down , or that he can not change the blades on the aluminum head once they have worn down a bit . The bolts wo n't come out of the aluminum drum in order for you to change the blades.Of course , it worked just long enough for me to put a little faith in it , as Delta rests on it 's laurels and it 's `` American-Made '' name of old . But of course , it 's made in China now.Don ' t buy this thing , and do n't hire any `` American-Made '' dope-heads . The combination would drain your checkbook in a very short time.-A Professional Woodworker since 1985P . S. Not trying to win a popularity contest with dopeheads .
 I broke the Prime Directive in buying
 The only good things I can say about this is 1 -RRB- it 's fairly easy to assemble and 2 -RRB- it will give you a decent straight board edge . Aside from that it 's a complete waste of money IMO.Mine arrived , I took it home , assembled it and ran through some cherry , sapele , wenge , and purpleheart and the edges were smooth and straight . When I turned the board face down to plane it the machine 's underpowered motor really showed up and chewed into my board 1/2 the way through.I usually use a Grizzly 12.5 planer which I love and works wonderfully but this Delta was a real disappointment in the planing side.Save your money and buy a Grizzly or Jet jointer -LRB- heck the Craftsman ones will probably work just a well -RRB- if you want to do both jointing/planing . If you already have a planer , then you could use this for edge jointing and while it will work , that 's all you 'll be able to do with it .
 I bought this tool at my local Delta dealer . Obviously it was a light weight tool but previous experience with Delta convinced me it would be OK . I could not have been more wrong . I tried for two days and could not properly joint one peice of wood , regardless of how short the length.I had to bring the tool back to my dealer and wound up buying the Jet 6 '' Professional Jointer.From now on I 'm going to steer clear of any Delta `` Shopmaster '' tools .
 I WENT THROUGH FOUR UNITS IN A PERIOD OF 2 WEEKS AND NONE OF THEM OPERATED PROPERLY . THEY EITHER CUT A TAPER OR PUT A LOW SPOT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE BOARD ELIMINATING ANY KIND OF AN ACCEPTABLE JOINT . ALL FOUR UNITS WERE TAKEN TO THE LOCAL DELTA FACTORY SERVICE FACILITY WHERE IT WAS DETERMINED THAT THEY COULD NOT BE REPAIRED . THERE IS NO ADJUSTMENT ON EITHER TABLE OTHER THAN ELEVATION ON THE INFEED TABLE . ALL OF THE UNITS HAD ONE OR BOTH TABLES THAT WERE WARPED OR HAD UNEVENLY MACHINED MOUNTING BOSSES . THE OTHER PROBLEM WAS A FLIMSLY FENCE AND HORIZONTAL/VERTICAL ADJ. KNOBS THAT INTERFERE WITH EACH OTHER . I HAD NO PROBLEM GETTING REPLACEMENTS OR IN THE CASE OF THE LAST UNIT , A REFUND .
 I bought this unit and tried to set things up so everything was flush and true only to discover that the infeed table was badly warped . I took it in for service and they had the gall to charge me for repairs . The fence is horrible . I am really sorry I bought this thing and will never purchase another delta tool .
 `` Features '' include
 I read many reviews , some bad and some good . I decided to take a gamble and buy one , but it was a mistake . I discovered that both of the tables were warped . One was out by slightly over 1/4 '' . I was able to get two new tables sent to my house under warranty . I found that they were also warped , just not as bad . I should note that none of the boxes or parts showed any signs of damage . All four feed tables show uninterrupted machine marks on them . In addition to Delta not being able to create flat surfaces , I also found that the surfaces are very rough . They should have used a finer finish for less friction against boards . I have found that I can not get a flat surface or edge on any board . This purchase was a waste of my money and is completely frustrating since I am back to using the router to edge boards and the hand planes for flattening . I have really been disappointed with Delta 's lack of quality control on their products . Since this bad purchase , my Delta table saw motor burned up . Needless to say , I am shopping for another brand to replace these cheap products .
 I bought this unit at Sears about a year and a half ago and right away found the blade vibration side-to-side was awful . In addition the blower tube did not work . I took the unit back to Sears and they repaired it . The blower tube will remove very light dust if I can get the outlet close enough to the material but that is as good as it gets . The blade movement is still the same and Sears says there is nothing they can do about it . I have tried bolting the unit down but that only served to vibrate EVERYTHING else off of the work bench -LRB- even an impact wrench -RRB- . I can make pretty good cuts on soft wood up to 1/2 inch or hardwood up to 1/4 but thats it . Try anything more and the blade wanders all over the place no matter how it is tensioned . Maybe I just got a lemon but I have yet to have a good experience with anything in the `` shopmaster '' line .
 Very interesting to find the same problem in Gainesville . The little saw worked great until it tip of the upper arm broke and ate the rubber mount below the arm . I would n't have been so disappointed given the low price but it was almost new .
 I bought this model from Lowe 's a year ago . It 's a pretty simple machine , easy to use , and is great for small , detailed work.I had some problems with it , though . First of all , the `` quiet , less vibration '' thing is true ... if you 're comparing it to a large chainsaw . And second , it broke ! The tip of the cast-iron top arm piece actually snapped off while cutting , which lets the whole blade-holding section swivel up . It seems to me that this design was not very well thought out . Hopefully I just got a bad one .
 I just picked this saw up 2 nights ago . Assembly was fairly simple and the price was right at $ 79 . Before I ever even tried to fire it up , the lower nut that holds the bottom of the blade snapped in half while tighenting it . I replaced it with a wing nut temporarily . When I finally turned the saw on the blade speed was wandering all over the place . I turned the speed all the way down and tried again , but the same thing keeps happening . It will start out slow then jump to full speed , back and forth . I normally am very happy with Delta but this thing is a pile of garbage . Back to the store with it .
 This is what happens when we import products.This is 1950 's technology , that 's why it 's $ 59 at Lowes . It takes 1 hour to change the blades . The tension control came unscrewed and would not go back in when changing the last blade . This piece of junk is going back to Lowes.CHEAP , CHEAP , CHEAP ! Do n't buy imports .
 When I started putting this saw together I was impressed with the heftyness of the unit . Unfortunately as the blade moves up and down it moves side to side -LRB- perpendicular to the direction of cut . -RRB- Calling Delta 's toll free line yielded an explination on how to tension the blade , which is not what I was trying to do , I 'm not even sure if the person helping fully understood the difference between a scroll saw and a band saw . The unit is so simple there is no way to adjust for arm misalignment . In addition , to get the table 90 degrees to the blade the table must be tilted 2-3 degrees relative to the workbench -LRB- works to get a 90 degree cut but does not sit well with me . -RRB- Now I have to decide weather to try another one or shop around . Good Luck .
 We have a house full of these , and they fail regularly -LRB- the grease inside oozes out onto our cabinets , and the seal is lost -RRB- . If you 're stuck with these , contact Blum directly , and they will replace your failed units with new ones . They will fail too , but it 's better than paying to replace defective units .
 I bought one of these to replace a Delta 6in grinder that was stolen a little over a year ago . The 8in grinder seemed like a deal . I do a lot of plane and chisel sharpening and wanted something that would dish out the cutting edge a little less . This it does . However it absolutely stinks otherwise . I bolted it to my bench and it vibrated so badly anything that is on the bench walks itself off no matter how heavy . Not only are the stones not round , but are out of true by at least 1/16 inch ! Delta sent me new stones ... same problem . I bought new stones ... same problem ... but less . It turns out that both the stones and the shaft wobble ! Delta would not warranty the grinder unless I sent it to them and pay the shipping both ways ! This was as much as the cost of the grinder . . Not only that , but the clear spark gaurds had huge stickers on them , that when peeled off , left all their adhesive on the gaurd so you could n't see through them . Water would not remove the adhesive and anything that could , dissolved the plastic as well . Delta sent me new ones ... for a different grinder ! Delta is off my list for tools as long as they keep having things made in China . I cant image what their other stuff made in China must be like and I 'm not willing to take the chance .
 I have had this drill press for five years . It has had infrequent use . When I have used it , it has had light use , not repetitive use of industrial environment , as I am a weekend woodworker only.After four years the chuck itself jammed up , so that it would not open and close freely with no bit in it . You have to use the key to open and close it past certain parts where it gets jammed , with a fair amount of effort , even with no bit in it . As such , it takes several minutes of struggling to change bits of fairly different sizes , where before it was a quick operation . It still spins fine with the motor on , of course
 This drill press is adequate as a bench top unit . Initially I was fairly happy with it , other than some vibration from the spindle . But the more I use it the more I am dissapointed with it . The minimum spindle speed is 620 which is too fast for my hole cutter -LRB- recommended 400 RPM -RRB- . Delta should change the pulley ratios to allow an alternative slower speed rather than so many at the higher end . I used my hole cutter anyways and ended up barely being able to cut a 3 '' diameter hole the drill kept stopping . It appears as if the motor just stops under load . I noticed a similar problem using a small diameter forstner bit . I hope that my motor needs to be replaced , and it is n't just that that 's the best that 1/3 hp can do .
 As an old woodworker , disappointed that the depth stop mechanism does not work , even when following the written instructions . The spindle travel is very short out of the box , and ours just -LRB- without any adjustment -RRB- became shorter . The depth control ring and the guage are not intuitive , the guage reading what appears to be backwards . Not up to the old standads of Rockwell/Delta days . Do not buy this model .
 Received my DP300 on Friday afternoon . Out of box the tool rest was broken . After assembly , the depth stop was not settable - the screw stop inside the mechanism was not attached . More importantly , the quill raised and lowered with great force required . It would not return under its own spring return tension . I suspect there is a woodruff key in the slot and it is broken . Of course customer service is closed for the weekend and I can not get redress from Delta until Monday.I have several other US made Delta tools with which I am satisfied . There was no damage to the shipping container , so I believe the DP300 left the factory in China in this condition . Delta needs to revisit their Quality control in offshore locations or risk ruining their previously fine name .
 I purchased the drill press to use with my middle school students . Less than 2 weeks after it arrived , my students called me over cause it smelled funny . I noticed hot melted plastic dripping from the motor and immediately unplugged it and we had to leave the area because of the fumes . Now I get the wonderful task of tracking down the warranty , and then the communciation with delta/amazon , and then the return shipping or lawsuit , and then the ... You get the picture ! You may want to check other brands ... if not , good luck !
 Hi Guys , I just spent a good long time researching a tool purchase . I was looking for a small planer and there are some really cool looking tools out there . I even purchased a planer , a delta 400 , and ran through a set of blades testing it.What I found out is that any planer that relies on a set of disposable blades is going to put a big hole in my budget if I actually intend to use it . And almost every small planer on the market these days has gone to disposable blades.A disposable item is something that can be thrown away without having to pay much heed to the cost . If disposable planer blades sold for a dollar a piece , one could regard this as a fairly good deal . But the sets sell for $ 30-50 dollars !! And this just is n't good economy for cheap high speed steel construction that chips and dulls so easily in this application . And if the truth be told about it , they do cost only a few pennies to make , and package , and ship all the way from China.When something is as public domain as a knife , and the complexity of manufacture less than that of a happy meal toy , and it can be turned out on a machine by the thousands per hour , there is something very wrong with charging $ 30 - $ 40 dollars for it . And calling it disposable is just plane ridiculouse.There are two big common threads in all of the reviews for small planers and they are
 Do not buy the Delta TP400LS 12 1/2 '' thickness planer.If only it would feed . If it would feed , it would be a great product . My TP400LS worked well for about four months -LRB- low useage , about 50 to 100 lineal ft of board -RRB- then suddenly stopped feeding . Having now read other reviews -LRB- obviously too late to do me any good -RRB- I see that it is a serious problem , one that Delta does not appear to be willing to address . I would not recommend buying this product .
 This is my second Delta 12.5 '' planer . The first one lasted about 2 years with moderate home shop use before the cutter head bearing assembly failed as I was preparing to insert a board . A spectacular array of metal and plastic shrapnel flew around the shop , and some into me , before I could cut power . Although Delta Factory Service agreed it was most likely a manufacturing defect , alas , it was a month out of warranty and the cost of repairs would far exceed the purchase cost of a new one . Oh yes ! And the knife retention screws were so tight it broke my hex wrench , rounded the inside of the screws , and 6 of them ultimately had to be professionally extracted.But I have a mostly Delta shop , already had the dust collection chute , and so I bought another one figuring some design and manufacturing improvements had been made . Not . Same experience with the knife retention screws this time breaking the tool provided by Delta to remove those screws . The hex heads are so rounded off on the inside I do n't dare put them back in . I had to haul it in to have 4 screws professionally extracted . Those screws , incidentally , apparently are n't covered under warranty and charged out at -LSB- money amount -RSB- each at the Delta Factory Service Center . And the motor is making a suspicious growling sound -- after 12 hours of use ! I 'll live with my purchase mistake , and wince every time I turn it on , for the duration of what I 'm expecting will be a remarkably short lifetime for this planer.Buy something else . I should have ...
 I received the drill press in great condition and quickly from Amazon . It was easy to assemble and the instructions were well written -LRB- there was a lot of grease on every piece that made assembly challenging -RRB- . Once together , it functioned flawlessly ----- for about 1 day ! Then the variable speed function ceased working properly . Upon examination of the pulley system after removal of the top cover -LRB- which was nearly impossible to reassemble -RRB- it was noted that the spring system on the rear pulley did not work properly . The die-cast -LRB- cheap -RRB- rear pully had a small crack in it as well . I disassembled it and returned it to Amazon.Subsequently , I purchased the Sears Craftsman 12 '' drill press and although you need to change the belt pulley ratio manually to adjust the speed , it has worked perfectly on a daily basis for months now and under heavy loads the motor does n't even lag.AVOID THIS DELTA DRILL PRESS !!
 This drill press has been very disappointing . For a bench top , it is too heavy to lift so I made a stand for it , taking up limited space in my small work area . After using it for a couple of months things sort of flew apart . The main reason I selected this model was its ease of changing speeds with a simple turn of the dial . Since I have experience in machine and assembly , took the thing apart and discovered the reason was poor parts and design . While the variable speed mechanism is faily simple the design needs a little work . A set screw to hold the bearing in place on the upper motor pulley would have helped . It worked its way out of place -LRB- friction fit ? -RRB- and there went the variable speed . Next , a little attention to the machining of the cap holding the spring above the motor pulley so it would n't bend the retaining ring out of it 's grove on the motor shaft would help as well . I believe I have spent more time fixing the thing than it has given me doing the drilling tasks I bought it for .
 This has to be one of the worst tools ever made by Delta ... and I 'm usually a big fan . The fit and finish are awful . The spindle does n't line up with the hole in the table . It 's a single speed , around 12500 rpm which is too slow for small diameter bits and too fast for a large panel raiser if you 're cutting anything other than pine or mdf -LRB- You ca n't use a speed reducer with this motor , either -RRB- . I bogged it down trying to take a finish cut with a large panel raiser.The grooved metal table marked up every panel or board I 've ever pushed across it and the spindle does n't have enough travel to allow you to mount even a thin plywood top to protect your work.To get started you 're better off with a 1-1/2 hp -LRB- minimum -RRB- variable speed router with a 1/2 '' capacity chuck and a moderately priced router table ... until you can step it up a notch later .
 I have owned the Delta Router / Shaper for several years now and have come to dislike the height adjustment . Every time that I need to make the slighest adjustment , the spindel will shift to the left when tigtned by the lock . This makes for repeatable , accurate cuts impossible . I have looked at other Delta router / shapers and they seem to do the same thing.If any one has an answer for this problem , please let me know as I am about to junk this machine . I own many other Delta and Porter Cable tools that I am very satisfied with . I guess they all ca n't be perfect .
 Thought I could save some money , but it 's true - - you get what you pay for . Fence is pathetic !! Called Delta Customer Service for help in locating an after-market `` quality '' fence , and they just passed the buck . Spindle height adjustment is also very bad . Fine tuning is impossible . Overall - a total waste of money spent . I thought Delta was better then this . I sure was surprised !!
 Delta definately dropped the ball on this tool!The 1/4 '' collet adapter does n't fit in the collet without driving it in or using some sort of lubrication -LRB- dangerous ! -RRB- . When you finally do get it in , the act of getting a 1/4 '' shaft router bit into is harder than getting the collet adapter in!Accessories ? Not hardly . They could n't even include the miter gage with the tool . Try finding that locally is like trying to find a frienly sales person at LOWES - not going to happen!I bought the tool because I was in urgent need of a shaper at the time . Now I wish I would have passed it by and waited for a quality machine from another manufacturer.My recomendation - Do n't waste your time with the Delta SH100 Router/Shaper ... unless your a weekend wood worker with a weekend to waste trying to set up and change bits in this machine !
 Without a doubt the biggest piece of junk I 've ever owned . At 13000 rpm it is to slow for most router bits , but does not have enough power to do a good job with a big bit . The table is too small and has razor sharp edges . The fence is a joke so is the height adjustment . I actually smiled the day it went up in smoke while running a 1/4 '' slotcutter because I knew I could toss it and build a real router table , which I did with a makita 3612c plunge router . I am now quite pleased . I should have done this in the first place .
 I found this Delta machine at a local retailer and purchased it . The Delta SH100 was on sale for a SIGNIFICANT discount so I decided to buy it . I had been eyeing this machine for quite some time and have read many reviews on Amazon and the Woodworkers Group on Google.com . Most people did n't like the machine , but I figured for the price , how could I go wrong . Yes , I was wrong , way wrong . The machine does not adjust up and down very well . There is a significant amount of play . The router head will move slowly and just when you need a tad bit more , it will jump a quarter of an inch . The height adjustment wheel spins around a few times without moving the router head , but when it finally catches , it causes the head to move irradically . The router head lock also causes the router bit to move when locking down . This is a little annoying , but I do n't think it would matter too much . I called Delta and talked to their tech people who told me this is a hobby machine - strict tolerances of a true shaper can not be expected . Heck , I was just hoping for a little better accuracy than a cheap router slapped on a piece of scrap plywood . I have to admit that I am sad that this machine will not work for me , and now it will have to go back .
 I bought this device with a very specific single purpose in mind , and was able to make it work with a LOT of effort . I wanted to do tongue-and-groove on some long cedar boards for paneling , and after a lot of futzing was able to make acceptable joints on all my boards . It was cheaper than a good router and table would have been.That having been said , this is neither a router table NOR a shaper , and combines the WORST of both . The fence adjustment stinks , ditto the height adjustment -LRB- see other reviews -RRB- . The hole in the top wo n't accept wide bits , so I had to use a spacer board to get my planks to the right cutting height , which is why I had no problems with the sharp edges on the tabletop snagging my workpiece . The extension table accesory requires the removal of the fence and dust collection port . The single speed is too slow for small bits and too fast for big ones . This is not a very adaptable or flexible machine . Buy a router and table .
 I used -LRB- not much -RRB- one of these for about a year in my home workshop . There is NOTHING good that I can say about it , except that the motor did actually run.Notes : - Lack of power , single speed , bogs down under load - BAD BAD BAD Fence adjustment . You just ca n't get it set accurately . Can you say snipe ? - Poor height adjustment , but it can be done . - Table top is sharp and rough , which makes feeding your material difficult and unsafe . - No place for featherboards on the fence - Single speed too fast for big bits , too slow for small ones - The use of this machine will lead to a near terminal case of frustration.For a hundred dollars more you can buy a Rousseau router plate , Bosch 1715EVS router , build your own table , Incra Ultra Lite jig -LRB- use as router fence - it 's great with a slight modification - see review on amazon -RRB- . I 've used this setup without any trouble at all at least twice a week . Please , please , please do n't waste your money on Delta 's worthless router/shaper .
 I 've owned this grinder for at least a few years . I ca n't remember when I got it , but I hardly use it . After between 1-1/2 to 2 hours of use , I went out to grind the head on a stake , and it would hardly spin up . When I went to grind , the act of grinding brought it to a halt . I thought Delta was supposed to be quality stuff , so I was quite surprised that this did this . because it is more than two years old , it is out of warranty , but I would expect to get more than two hours worth of use out of it . I wo n't get a delta for my next one .
 It works OK , but it is really cheap . Looks like it was made in the USSR . The base is rusting out of the box - cheap metal . The welds and outside casing looking like a home built kit painted . Just cheap , cheap , cheap.Why can they offer something from somewhere else ? Obviously , Delta/B & D ; does not make this , they subcontract it and it shows . I would pay more , but the other offerings are the same thing in a different color . I would gladly pay $ 20 more , and not simply for yellow paint .
 I bought the similar model , I believe it was the GR-275 . I ended up taking it back . Some reasons
 one of the tool rets one mine broke wile gentel use I was suprisd because I thought it would be steel or cast iron wich i could fix by weldimng it but no it was pot metal which is almost imposible to repair . Ten seconds after I turned it on the spare stopers on top losend and started to grind away the spark shileds got dirty and started to shake about and get in the way . so needless to say I took them off and threw them out . them moter spins to fast to grind cuting tools for it burns the temper and is good for nothing but light slow deburing . The moter is pathetic It takes for ever to grind a lawn moer blaed espsily if you have a tractor with two blades like on a tractor mower . if you even have a slight nick in the blade it takes five pluss minuts longer at least . then by trhe timne you are about done shrping your two blades the mote housing is very very warm for it dose not have sufficent cooling . also to use it it needs to be bolted to heavy and sturdy base or else it will tilt back and flip over if you use any presure . also it takes forever to grind any thing.buy a real grinder like a 1725 rpm grinder for wood wqorking tools or an angel grinder for lawn mower blades and outhe stuff .
 I have used one at school several times and it is great for theather were accuresy is not a concern be other wise it succs . its fence is not tall enough to stack two 2x4 on face and cut sfly . It is 13 amp not 15 amp . the mitewr scale is pathetic no verner agustment for fine tuning miters no preset stops.blade guard dose not side or move well at all .
 I own Dewalt , Bosch , Hitachi , and now unfortunately a Delta - so I know a good miter saw and how they should work . This thing has been a headache from the start . There is no arbor lock for blade changes , it constantly needs adjusting if you really want a true 45 or 90 cut . Good thing I bought this as a light duty saw for shoe moulding and little stuff like that instead of dragging out one of my ` real ' miter saws . I do n't know what the deal is , I 've tried different blades and there is n't much run-out but the cut quality is much less than the other saws with the same blade . It also runs after the drigger is depressed for a second or two before it kicks off , and the base get 's energized from time to time and can give you a small tingling shock when you touch any of the bare metal on it . If you only have one had to carry it with you have to put it down on the miter adjustment handle and picking it up with one hand puts pressure on the same spot . The handle is on the bottom of the back instead of on top like the dewalt , the fence is way to small , the table does n't slide smoothly at all and the bevel gauge is useless for setting a precise angle without at least a hand bevel gauge to check it . There is a reason the other 10 '' saw cost more , you get much better quality and three times better function . I could care less if I drop this think now or it gets rained on because I 'd love a reason to get another 10 '' Dewalt and put this were it belongs , a landfill .
 Be sure to check your alignment on this saw before operating . Mine was about 1/4 '' in six inches on the perpendicular . Thats alot . The holes that allow adjustment of the fence for this were n't big enough so I had to bore larger holes to get it into alignment . I still have problems getting tight miters . Otherwise , the saw is easy to operate , has plenty of power , and it is easy to change angles . The dustbag does n't do a very good job of collecting sawdust , will have to go to a dust collection system to keep sawdust off of my cutoff table . I would n't recommend my saw to anyone doing any kind of fine work , probably okay for cutting 2 x 4 's if you get it into alignment .
 I had this , after looking at saws from harbor freight and sears and this . I got this . It is not bad , it does the job . I tried my brothers sears craftsman for a few extra dollars you can get the which feels more solid , more smooth , and more stable ... So I returned it and got the craftsman . Also tried the 12 '' dewalt sliding saw which is VERY NICE , but you can get 6 of these or the craftsman for the price of that .
 I do n't know the outcome of this story yet , but here 's what has happened so far . I 'm fairly new to woodworking , but I read the reviews for Delta machines . They seemed `` mixed '' , but generally positive.So I took a chance and ordered my JT360 online , with high hopes . The box arrived rather loosely strapped to a small pallet -LRB- the weight was 251 lbs . -RRB- . I carefully unwrapped the package and everything seemed to have come through OK . I removed everything from the box except the body of the jointer.The stand/dust chute/motor assembly went just fine . Then came the moment of truth . With my wife 's assistance , we lifted the body of the jointer -LRB- about 175 lbs . -RRB- out of the molded styrafoam and set it on two wood blocks.Much to my dismay , a hairline crack about 2 inches long could be observed in the outfeed table , going right through the machined dovetail section . Since it is the weekend , Delta can not be contacted until Monday.I will keep you posted on what happens . Hope Delta comes through on this , because right now I 'm the proud owner of 175 lbs . of scrap metal . Developing ...
 You can get the 6inch Shopmaster at Woodworkers Warehouse for 379 .
 I bought one of these a few years ago as my first jointer . I thought I was really a klutz because I could never get it adjusted right . Being a beginner , I just blamed myself and kept saying I need to take a course . Finally , long after it was out of warranty , I took it to a pro to adjust for me . I was told the beds being out of parallel was a manufacturing defect and it could n't be adjusted enough to get it true.I know most instance of this product will be fine , and I read similar reviews of other jointers -- at least in this price range . But be sure to check out the things the manual says are factory set and do n't need adjustment . What that means is if it is n't right , it ca n't be adjusted out .
 I purchased this jointer about 6 weeks ago and I 'm returning it to Lowe 's tomorrow . First , this thing vibrates so bad when running there 's no way it could make a smooth cut . I adjusted the belt several times , no help . Second , it would n't cut a straight line for anything . I checked all the settings , everything is right on , blades are the right height , tables are parallel , everything is as it should be . It just wo n't make a straight edge and the more you run the piece through the more concave it gets . I even ran a perfectly straight piece through it and it did the same to it . The tables are out of flatness a little but not enough to cause this I would n't think . At least I do n't have to dissassemble it before I return it . Think I 'll give Jet a try .
 Problems started right from the beginning during the assembly.The stand is not square so when attaching the main unit to the base using 3 provided screws I was able to put only 2 . For the third one the holes do n't align . There 's no way to square this thing . After `` assembling '' I tried to align the outfeed table to the blades . Surprise ! I can turn the adjusting wheel back and forth but table does n't move . It is about 1/8 '' higher than the blades . I do n't know what other surprises awaiting me when I will wrestle with the fence - but not tonight . I 'm too tired and frustrated . I hope Delta have some kind of service . I bought this jointer today brand new at Lowe 's and it is on warranty .
 I 've had a GR250 for slightly longer than the warranty period . In this time , I 've only used it for a few hours , probably less than FIVE ! The only use I had for a grinder was establishing a quick hollow grind on edge tools . The stock tool rests stink , so I had it set up on an MDF base with a Veritas rest.Recently , I took up turning , so I 've needed to use a grinder more . As soon as I started using the GR250 for serious work , I found excessive runout in the _ shafts _ , which no stone truing or balancing can correct . Also , my variable speed quit , and the grinder will no longer run at anything other than full speed.Need a good grinder ? Spend the cash for a Baldor or equivalent , 'cause this is n't a precision machine.I have several Delta machines , including a DJ-20 and X5 Bandsaw , and have noticed that the quality of lower priced Delta products has really hit the wall over the last few years . Other than paint , marketing and advertising , I see no difference in quality between this unit and some of the $ 29-39 Chiwanese imports.Last point - the design of the base on this unit prevents a OneWay Wolverine jig from being mounted underneath the wheels .
 I just bought a new lathe and needed a grinder to sharpen the wood turning tools . I picked this grinder for cost and features . I liked the variable speed . The light on the grinder is a big plus . The grinder came undamaged and the joy to use until about the third time I turned it on . The variable speed control stopped working . The grinder was stuck at its top speed . I returned it and got my money back . I have a few Delta tools in my shop and have n't had too many issues with them .
 I expected to get a high quality tool when ordered.The arm hit the casing when RPM was at mid range and up , making it unworkable at that speed range.The plastic dust port and drawer were very low quality.I returned the tool , and am considering the 20 '' saws .
 I purchased this press to upgrade to a 12 '' press . The reviews on the 12 '' varable speed press were good and I have been very satisfied with the other Delta products I have purchased over the years . I liked the thought of a varable speed press so I bought it and have been very disappointed .1 . The machine requires frequent oiling . To do that , the top cover must be removed -LRB- small screws and washers -RRB- . Why Delta did not install a piano hinge is beyond me . I did . An easy fix .2 . There are no intermediate speed ratings on the face of the machine . I called Delta and the tech rep told me `` that 's not required for hobbiest '' . I then asked , `` Why then did the press ship with a paper diagram indicating recommended speeds for different types and sizes of drills?Bottom Line
 I purchased this drill for woodworking and have used it less than 4 times since purchase . The top pully on the motor has a poor design to it and the sleeve that it is keyed to will came apart during normal use . You can press the sleeve back in , however it will seperate again after only a short period . When Delta was called they will replace the pully however it is on back order and a ship date is not known . If I could sell this press or get my money back and buy a Jet Press I would . This is one of the worst purchases in woodworking equipment that I have made .
 If I knew what I know now I would think twice about buying delta products . Longer warranty does not mean that they can obtain the needed parts for service . For example I turned in my dp350 to an authorized service center 12-30-2004 for defective drill speed adjuster guess what ? they could not obtain the needed parts til today 2-19-2004 . Can you go without a needed tool for that length of time ? Other delta products I own , portable 12.5 '' planner and a 2 stage dust system . when I replace these items it will not be made by delta .
 I got the drill press last year as a gift . I had only used it 4 times . As I can see that most people with this drill press are not very impressed with the variable speed adjustment . It has to be the worst design I have ever seen in a tool . To add insult to injury when I went to use it the 5th time to motor blew , while it is still under warranty I am getting new motor , but I still have to ask myself , `` what 's the point '' the truth is the tool sucks . The truth is that delta knows they have a bad designReview number 9 by
 Wish I would have read these reviews two years ago . Yep , mine fell apart yesterday -LRB- in the middle of a project for a customer -RRB- . Just like everyone else , the rear variable speed pulley came apart . The spring popped off of the shaft -LRB- among other things -RRB- . Guess this gives me a reason to buy a new -LRB- and better -RRB- machine . `` Gosh darn , Honey , I have to get a new drill press ... shucks '' . I gave this tool 2 stars ... one star for lasting 2 years and one star for giving me a reason to buy a new power tool !
 After drilling about 300 holes in wood , the drill press started making a grinding noise and vibrating excessively . When I took it to the repair shop the technician told me it was probably the bearings . He commented that Delta uses cheap bearings made in China and they fail at a high rate . That was about a month ago . The repair shop had to send the press back to Delta and I have n't heard a word from anyone since.While the press was working I was happy with it , except I would like a little more power for using hole saws on hardwood .
 New Review as of 05/02/2011After having this drill press for now over 3 years i still like the drill press , but i have had pulley problems also i have modified and corrected the problem through trial and error but it now is working good again you can purchase new belts through an auto parts store just take off and measure or take and compare until you find the one that works , delta does n't have any on hand per my experience with them . I feel the quality of Delta products is now much to be desired , they need to sink the boats from China and start making good American products again and MADE in USA , but go look at Craftsman products they are the same china junk , i do n't buy craftsman anymore even hand tools , instead i go to Auctions and garage sales and purchase old USA made tools and am getting rid of all non USA made tools in my shop , at garage sale prices .
 Buy anything else!Delta obviously does n't test their tools . Mine broke after less than two hours of run time.Top of motor pulley slips off bushing , resulting wobble breaks snap ring . You 'll spend many hours cussing it.Replacing the snap ring wo n't fix it . I ran a screw through pulley into bushing . This fix is chronicled with photos by another Amazon shopper . Will probably end up replacing # @ !! % snap ring with cotter pin.Just figuring out how to depress the spring to install a new snap ring took me a couple of hours . Finally assembled lever system using some bar clamps and carefully sized hole in wood .
 Take it from those of us who own this drill press - Delta really compromised on this one . I purchased this drill press to get the most versitle machine I could with a quality reputation behind the manufacturer . What I got was an unusable hulk of metal that sits idle in my shop . I have replaced the belt twice , once myself and once through an authorized service rep. I am in over $ 100 in repairs , and that does n't include the lost time or the latest failure - now the motor simply wo n't turn on . While probably an electric problem -LRB- the unit is getting power -RRB- , no one should have to endure the headaches caused by the poor quality of this unit.Save yourself the grief - avoid this drill press at all costs . I , for one , wo n't by Delta ever again .
 I loved my DP350 , then the pulley broke . Long story short , Delta will sell me a new DP350 for about $ 280 , but the pulley -LRB- $ 10 -RRB- has been made obsolete by Delta . How can that be ? They 're making them for their new machines !?? The trunnions for my Delta bandsaw -LRB- 28-276 -RRB- have been on `` backorder '' for months with no release date . Delta never advertised their tools as `` disposable . '' One part breaks ? Throw it in the landfill ! Doubt me ? I have spent months looking for replacement parts locally and on the internet . PLEASE ! Prove me wrong .
 This thing worked well until I bumbed the variable speed knob while swinging a board around . We had it jammed in one speed and used it for a time . It is seldom used . Today it will not turn on . We think the switch is broken . I peeked into the top today and it looks like the top motor spindle has seperated from its bushing and is just bouncing around on the motor axel . Not a serviceable machine . Pos .
 I gave this drill a 1 and not a 0 because 1 is the lowest.Don ' t have exactly date when I bought , but it 's around 2 or 3 years ago.Worked from time to time and it was OK . All together I think I must have used it maybe 20-30 hours and now , also here , the speed changing mechanism is gone.I ca n't describe it in details like others here did , but took it apart and after spending hours with a friend who knows machines , we could n't find the problem . The handle used to change speed was stuck.Usually I buy very cautiously , read reviews , forums and so , this time it looked like a good reliable one , looking at the specs and the name Delta was OK . Should have done my homework . Writing here hoping to help someone else to avoid the mistake I did.I do n't know what exactly to do , because every penny I will invest in it will be a penny down the drain . Maybe I 'll sell it for parts -LRB- or give it for free to someone I really do n't like -RRB- :--RRB- and buy a `` real '' one .
 Yes the variable speed would be a nice feature , if it would n't cause the machine to break down !!! I suppose if the drill press were manufactured better and the price increased it would all work out in a perfect world , but the truth of the matter is its a PILE OF JUNK . Improper tolerance for the bearings which require a press fit only to secure them made them pop out while changing speeds . The keyed sleeve that holds the motor pulley on its shaft is press fit only and pops out frequently . What a royal pain in the stuff . I have made modifications on my drill press to keep it running , including making a shim to hold the bearing in the frame at the ` output ' pulley and beating it into place with a hammer \ block of wood from the top of the shaft , and fabricating a custom washer to go under the spring of the ` input ' pulley to keep the keyed sleeve in place . The extra material under the spring made the retaining ring \ spring \ cap shoot off and Lucklily I was able to find them and avoid injury . I have since heated the spring with a torch and compressed it a bit to make it fit . I have also permanently made the drill press a LOW speed unit . What speed it is I have no idea , the markings on the speed indicator are innacurate from the factory , and after all the modifications that were nessecary to make the PIECE OF JUNK function at all , the actual speed would be even harder to guesstimate.ALL IN ALL A VERY POOR DELTA PRODUCT . DO NOT BUY UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES !!!!!!
 I was a toolmaker for 25 years and have used alot of pro drill presses . I bought the dp350 new about 3 years ago for my home wood shop . I was impressed with its build and wanted a small varible speed drill press , I thought this would be perfect . All my machines are JET except for this one drill press and a Delta planer . The planer is great this drill press is JUNK . Over the years I do n't think my dp350 has more than a few hours total on it . It was always noisy stiff and vibrated too much no matter how I tried to adjust it and dampened the way I have it mounted to a table . 3 weeks ago it really started to make noise and vibrate and then the on-off switch started to smoke . I emailed Delta and did what they suggested . When that was n't the problem I loaded it into my truck and drove to the repair center as Delta suggested . I just got the call from them $ 155.00 to fix it . Needs a new Quill and switch and a few other things . I 'd like to dump it in the river and buy something else , but I 'm hoping my $ 155.00 will now give me the drill pres I thought I was buying 3 years ago . It never was right and I 'm going to let Delta know how I feel after I finish writing this . I will write back if they tell me anything I should share with you . I am very disappointed with this drill press . Buyer beware ! / / Today I talked to Delta . I told them I know I have no warrenty left , but I just wanted them to know how crappy their dp350 is and how unhappy I am . They had a tech call the repair center I took it to and then the tech called me . He told me everything I already knew about the repair ! He said they ordered the parts and he will check back to see how the repair center makes out ... not to help with the $ 155.00 so far , but at least he 's trying to make some kind of effort . It kills me to pay this repair , heck I could buy a new one all over again for about $ 40.00 more , but then I 'd have 2 boat anchors instead of one . I 'll give a final report here when it 's all over . Mean while if your buying a drill press buy a JET . FINAL UPDATE
 I have to give the the DP350 variable speed drill press a thumbs down . I have owned mine for two months and suddenly had a problem with load noise and vibration yesterday . I removed the top cover -LRB- another story -RRB- and found that the pulley that is located over the motor had the top and bottom parts drastically out of alignment -LRB- no longer parallel -RRB- . I called Delta at the 800 number and explained the problem . They stated that this was a `` known problem '' and that they would send me a new pulley at no charge . HOWEVER , the part is back ordered and they did n't know when they would ship it . After some more questiosn they said it could be a month before they shipped it.So lets see . Owned it two months and it will be out of service one month on a known warranty problem.That coupled with the already identified issues with the speed decal that is not calibrated and the bolted on top cover which has four bolts and two screws and no hinge to permit oiling of the pulleys , and I say stay away from this product .
 With regards to the 12 '' variable speed bench-top drill press -- Delta has clearly not implemented effective manufacturing and quality assurance checkpoints in their fabrication line.After assembling the drill press , I turned it on and ran it through the speed range only to encounter excessive vibration . After removing the top access plate , I determined that the spring loaded rear pully was not engaging correctly . A `` press-fit '' keyed sleeve is supposed to ensure proper meshing of the spring loaded split pully during speed adjustments . The problem is that the `` press-fit '' sleeve slips . This limits the higher rpm speed ranges . This problem can be rectified by applying LOCTITE 638 retaining adhesive to the sleeve . Unfortunately , the problem did not end here . After getting the press up and running again , I determined that the front pully would not fully open on the high range which limits speed variation adjustments . I opted to add a spring to the internal forward adjustment mechanism to ensure that the front pully would open as intended.The bottom line -- although the basic engineering design appears to be sound for this DELTA product , the as manufactured product is clearly a dissapointment .
 The tool is a piece of junk . I do n't know what I was thinking when I got it . First thing , the retaining spring on the variable speed pulley came off , and pieces flew everywhere when I tried to drill through 1/4 inch plate . I did n't press it ; it just flew apart . All the machining on the machine is shoddy , and today , it flew apart again , and cursing I threw it into the recycle bin . The only thing I kept that was any good on it was the light bulb and the key . Delta used to make good machines in days of yore . Then , I suppose , the white shirted efficiency expert who 'd never once in his life been in a shop decided they could make more money by making throw away machinery , selling it for cheap and degrading the lives of anyone fool enough -LRB- me -RRB- to buy it . This machine really did degrade and belittle human experience , for me anyway .
 What the heck happened to delta?This thing is a piece of junk , bad pulleys , bad arbor , switch caught on fire.buying a floor standing jet as soon as i can .
 i got this item and the cast iron part of the head was cracked in 3 spots , big cracks.called amazon and they could n't replace it because they were out of stock.i spent over 45min on the phone with them , they took it back and got a full refund , but now they do n't offer it for 240 with free shipping and they wo n't honor that price.ya amazon dropped the ball on this , very very unsatisfied .
 I 've had mine for 3 yrs without problems although the variable speed mechanism made mysterious noises and everything else squeeks . All the adjustments are very fussy and could have been done much better . Still , all was not bad until the rear pulley blew ... as I see others wrote about . There 's a very hefty spring on the rear pulley spindle that is held in check with only a small retention ring that snaps on to the spindle . This is what gave way and allowed the spring to take flight with the pulley on it 's heels . The manual was useless & I had to puzzle out how to fix it . Fixed it once and it broke again!Fixed it again and so far so good BUT I am running it only at the highest speed which is the position that results in minimum tension on the spring . If this does n't work ... I 'm done with Delta Variable Speed models !!!
 Received quickly from Amazon . Box was in very poor shape although all components were ok . After two weeks of light usage the variable speed spring sprung its spring and pulley . Took three hours to put parts back together after finding all the pieces . One week later the spring popped again . This time I tried a washer under the spring because the sheeve in the pulley came up . Has held for two days . Also the chuck started continuously dropping down from the arbor when using 3/8 inch or larger drill bits . This has become an unsafe tool.Contacted Delta who readily accepted my problem -LRB- without a serial # -RRB- and ordered the parts ... Spring , washer , pulley and new chuck . The spring and pulley were on backorder but yesterday I received the replacement chuck and washer . Waiting on the other parts . There is no guarentee that replacing these parts will fix a design problem.Can not figure out why the Delta engineers -LRB- ? -RRB- did not hinge the top plate . Removing six screws and washers every week -LRB- to lubricate the VS pulley shaft -RRB- will soon become a bore.I am seriously considering upgrading to a JET drill press -LRB- $ $ $ for floor model -RRB- . They appear to be more solid and professionally made . But for the price ... . you can not beat the 12 '' Delta VS althought this tool should be put on Amazon 's discontinued list.I would not buy the variable speed again . Changing belts is easier than trying to compress a spring while installing a lock washer . Maybe Delta can provide a tool for this task.Received replacement parts . Retainer still the same . Am replacing with a collar . Pulley new design . Has a setscrew now . Took 3 weeks for parts .
 I bought this drill press on Delta 's so called Quality Products.I assembled the unit and 3 holes later the thing started making a loud grinding noise . After I took of the cover a large spring shot across the room . This large massive spring witch pushes on the torque converter pully was held in by the smallest circlip I have ever seen . If I had only had to fix this thing once I would have been happy . Now I have a jig built in order so I can put the circlip back on . If I had a penny for every time this thing has craped out on me I would have bought a new one . The engineer who specified that paperclip circlip should be droped in the East River whith this drill press tied to his leg .
 I have had this drill press for almost 4 years for mostly light duty shop work . As my woodworking time is limited , it has not been used extensively . Despite this it has failed twice ; first the on off switch broke down . It was fixable , but a bit annoying . Now the pin holding the spindle pulley broke , rendering the machine useless . It was not possible to get a part of the pin out , and I have temporarily fixed it with a piece of a coat hanger . It was disappointing to note that the accompanying parts diagram was rendering an incorrect picture of the machine , and it makes me question how much quality control this machine has been subject to.When the coat hanger breaks I will invest in a Powermatic variable speed drill press , which might have been the right thing to do from the get go .
 Piece of junk , so bad Delta will not stand behind it , had motor pulley blow apart , discontinue part along with the belt , and many other repair parts ... Drill press is not that old and has limit use ... . Do not purchase one ...
 I am retired and I have had this drill press for about six years and in that time I may have used it about a dozen . The drill press started a vibration and when I took of the top to see what the problem was I discovered that the motor pulley was not separating correctly and wobling . So I removed the pulley , but in doing so I broke the lip off the pulley . I called my local dealer and he in formed me that the part was discontuned and no longer available . Then I called Delta and they confirmed that it is no longer available and could not help me . So here is the dalima should I use it a a boat anchor ? When I look around my shop I wonder how many more future boat anchors I have ! I have purchaced many tools over the years , this was my latest . My friends told me to by the best , which I have , thousands of dollars just under the Delta name -LRB- unisaw , heavduty shaper , 8 '' jointer , belt disc sander , bandsaw to name afew . But this is the first one that was not made in the good old USA . So if you know of anyone that might have parts please let me know . Thank you .
 I should not have ignored all the poor reviews I found on several sites about the variable speed control on this drill press . I figured they had tried to adjust it when it was n't running . I took delivery on this drill press yesterday . The very first time I turned it on and , SLOWLY AND GENTLY , tried to adjust the spindle speed . IT BROKE ! When I opened it up , the belt had jumped the pulleys ; it appeared as though the adjustable speed mechanism tore itself apart . I 'll check into getting it fixed , but not sure I even want to keep it . That may depend on what the service people tell me about this piece of junk . At this point , though , it 's a very heavy paper weight and definitely not worth wasting your time or money . This experience has SERIOUSLY damaged my opinion of the Delta brand .
 I 've Had this thing less then 4 months and it has broken twice.The warranty repair center is 40 miles away . Delta 's warranty department has been no help at all , NONE !! Bottom line this drill press sucks .
 I bought Delta 's 12 '' variable speed benchtop drill press about a year ago , but did n't use it much until recently . After using it more-or-less continuously for about half an hour , the variable speed pulley system broke . The self-adjusting pulley mounted to the motor shaft uses spring force to keep the top half of the pulley in contact with the belt . This is held in place with a cap and retainer ring . I do n't know if I was unlucky to get a defective unit , or if the design of the machine is just bad . While using it , the retainer ring came loose , and the pulley halves separated . I have no idea where the retainer ring ended up ; regardless , I now have an unusable drill press until I find a replacement retainer ring.I do n't own any other drill presses , and do n't have much experience with other benchtop models , but my hunch is that the multiple fixed-speed drill press is a more reliable machine . I did follow the instructions from the product manual by lubricating the portion of the shaft upon which the bushings slide up and down to vary the speed of the spindle . I also followed the recommended practice of running the machine through all the speeds . I assume that this functions to move the pulleys through their range of positions , keeping everything sliding properly . Neither procedures appear to have made a difference in making the machine last longer than a couple hours .
 After less than 20 hours of shop time , my pulley and belt drive blew . Had it fixed by Delta authorized center ; blew the minute I turned it on . Had it fixed AGAIN by a different Delta center and FOR THE MOMENT it 's working . But if it breaks again , the center said that the Delta factory does n't have the pulleys or belts for repair and does n't know if they 'll ever have any more ! ! ! Way to go Delta ! You 've duped me for the last time . What 's with companies that market products and stop providing repair parts in just one year ? There should be a federal law .
 After assembling drill press , I turned it on it ran all of maybe two seconds before it threw the belt off . This was a reconditioned `` factory perfect '' unit . Table has a pin that is supposed to keep table at 90 degrees . Well it 's off by a couple of degrees , it 's very obvious . Table is not perpendicular to the column . The quality of this Chinese made tool is not what you would expect from Delta.I called Delta 's customer service and with very little explanation was told they were a where of the problem and would send me a new belt , pulley and retainer clip . Well gee I did n't think I would have to start mechanicing on a brand new tool.Buyer beware , even at $ 159 it is too much .
 When i bought this drill press it was just what my husband wanted . Did not weigh to much and had the V S he needed for the different types of wood used . Everything worked fine for about 90 days . All of a sudden when starting up on day it started to make a terrible noise . The noise was relevant to the pulley system and and verable speed system . Tried to take it back to Lowe 's where it was purchased , no deal not after 90 days . called Delta and was informed they were having trouble for over two years with the same problem . They have a 7 piece repair kit but they were in the process of moving to a new warehouse and could not send me the kit untill after May 5 , 2005 . Today is the 15th and nothing yet and All I get from Delta is put on hold . Save your money and buy a good drill press . No repair station within 175 miles . Thanks
 After 2 1/2 years the bushings in the variable speed vbelt pulleys slipped on the spindel end and popped clear out on the motor end . This renders the drill press unusable and unfixable . The bushing and pulley are a single unit on the parts sheet . The problem is the alignment of the bushing and pulley are critical , but they are not fixed together in any way - just a loose press fit . Sounds like other users have had the same problem . My last Delta product .
 Shipping was fast and freindly . Assembly was staight forward . The issue I have with this is that it does not have any through slots on the table for assesorries to be used . I called delta and asked if they had any I did not know about or if they were planning on releasing any . and they stated that this machine was made for metal working not wood working and they had no plans of making any attachments . I asked if the mortising attackment would fit and they stated yes . When I asked about the fence for the motrtising attachment would fit they stated that they did not know . -LRB- Not very Helpful -RRB- . I asked if I could purchase a new table with the slots from them and they stated that I could but it void the warrenty -LRB- makes no sense -RRB- and would cost about $ 100 . If a new table voids warrenty why would n't I just cut slots in the table it came with and save the $ 100 . I asked why in thier documentation does n't it state that it is intended for metal working and it is not compatiable with may of thier attachments . and agin they stated I do n't know . If you are looking for a drill press for metal I guess this would be a decent one . But if you are going to use it for wood working and want to use attachments you should look at something else
 The ElectraTrac extension cord is advertised as `` 6 outlets spaced 8 feet apart '' on both the website and the box . However , it is actually 5 outlets spaced almost 10 feet apart , with a 6th outlet on the very end , only one foot away from the 5th outlet .
 This vendor sent the wrong -LRB- cheaper -RRB- item and would not respond to my requests for a return exchange or refund .
 I was cautious to purchase this reading the mixed reviews , and it turns out that they were correct . The sink is not meant for use as a kitchen sink , it does not have a glossy finish and looks like cheap plastic . There was also a small scuff mark in the front which could not be removed with any amount of elbow grease . Not a good sign for a sink that is supposed to be durable and easily cleanable.I shipped the sink back to Amazon the same day it arrived without giving it a second thought .
 I bought this on the basis of -LRB- from what I can remember -RRB- one other product review ... let me add one in the hopes of helping prospective new sink owners . Yes , it is big , can fit large pots and would likely clean up well . My issue is with the aesthetics
 Arrived completely faulty , made some fancy laser lights and buzzing sounds then gives error no matter what surface i pointed it at.Would return but am in Singapore and used a forwarder to get this product , not sure if worth hassle to get a refund.Wouldn ' t buy anything from them again .
 Zircon Ultrasonic Measure -LRB- DM S50L -RRB- This item worked for 2 days and did a great job . After that it only showed an error message . Working on getting a replacement .
 Powers on but does not work at all . A waste of time and money . Avoid this product . Hope to get my money back .
 Does not work outdoors in strong light and long distances . Need clearing for the laser to shoot into a flat surface .
 Need to reset every now and then , accuracy is + / - 1 ; 2 ft. So i can not say it does not work because it does and trying to do best but i would not rely on accuracy of the tool . Also cant really use it outside on sunny day . Because it wont see reflection of the laser to calculate the distance .
 I can not believe the recent rave reviews for this product . They must be plants from employees etc. . Do n't get fooled - this is an ULTRASONIC device and uses sound for actual measuring . The `` laser targeting '' AKA laser pointer is just a cheap gimmick to fool the unsuspecting.TRUE laser distance measuring devices measure distance with light and have 1/16 '' accuracy and are very consistent . Better yet , you can pick one up for under $ 100 . Do yourself a favor and steer clear of this obsolete technology .
 I purchased this product after reading some reviews which rated it higer than other similar ultrasonic measuring tools . In general , the reviews for ultrasonic measuring tools were negative but the Zircon was rated OK in several reviews . I have tested this unit for accuracy and repeatablility of meaurements from a few feet to 20 ft. or more -LRB- all indoors -RRB- and find it UTTERLY USELESS . Except for the case where you are measuring a distance to a flat , unobstructed , LARGE wall surface across a room with no obstructions OF ANY SORT -LRB- i.e. no furniture , light fixtures , curtains , pass-throughs , etc. -RRB- there is no repeatability . In repeated tests over the same distance , I found that displayed distances varied not by inches but by feet . It would be impossible to trust the measurements displayed by this unit . My advice would be to pay the extra money for a true lazer measurer . I have one on loan and it is astoundingly accurate , even in a cluttered indoor environment .
 Good for basic measuring with big solid walls or structures . Not good for narrow beams or such .
 I can put this on a solid floor , pointing at a solid 10 foot ceiling , and get readings from 8 feet to 12 feet without moving anything . Point it at a wall with some features like paintings or windows , and the results are even worse.Pretty useless .
 it worked well the first 5 times i used it but after that the measurements began to read very wrong results like a 10 ft room would show up as 18 ft etc
 This product initially worked the few times I used it . Then it gave an `` Err '' message which can not be cleared . The instructions say that `` an ` Err ' message will be displayed if the target is not a good ultrasonic reflector ... '' . The target that I aimed at when it WORKED and when it gave the `` Err '' message was the same . A Drywall !! I even removed the battery to see if it would re-set itself . It will not . Thus , I conclude that this product is poorly designed .
 This is a nifty tool that has a lot of potential , and really should be able to work well even at this low price.In fact , I was able to run tests and get quite accurate and quick results . Definitely needs a hard surface as the target -LRB- i.e. , not carpet or curtains -RRB- , but that 's easy to arrange.However , on the third day , the unit just said `` ERR '' with every measurement attempt -LRB- normally it only says this for distances under 2ft or soft targets -RRB- . Replacing the battery with a couple others did not fix the problem -LRB- well ... momentarily I got one good reading -RRB- . Oh well . Thanks Amazon for your easy return / refund process !
 Sounds like most everyone install their own garage door openers . I would have preferred to do that , just not enough time . Anyway , I had to replace a screw type Genie that was 20 yrs old . The Genie was so quiet and smooth , it was hardly noticed , too bad it quit raising the door . I had a new Liftmaster 3200 Professional - screw drive , installed by `` professionals '' . This opener is VERY noisy , it bounces up and down , and twists the rail while it 's pulling the door up . I was told it was `` better '' than a Genie ... my experience says do n't believe it . -LRB- suppose the installers may have done a poor install -RRB- . Still , I wish I had replaced the Genie with another Genie and done it myself . A $ 350 lesson .
 this model was a bear from start to finish . i had before put up 3 different sears openers and had little problems . this unit , hmmmm ... how many times did i feel like tossing it out.there are the safety sensors , which must be adjusted PERFECTLY . and i fear the future with them . they are sooooo sensitive , the little bit they are off , no door will work . and i see no way to bypass them in the event of either of them failing . then the book several tiems has the caveat , the weather will adversely effect the opener working . i have NEVER EVER had any door fail to sork due to weather ... ever!the booklet is sort of ok , but in many spots very hard to discern what they mean , and the picture to help was useless.overall i wish i had used the local door company for them to install a belt drive unit . yes at 300 , but a better unit and NO hassle . this unit at 129 is decent in price , but not in hassle ... what is that worth , not to mention the darn thing working over time , the sensors working over time and their out , the weather .
 First of all it is not easy to install , way too many pieces , wires , adjustments and things . Second , it is not reliable , it works sometimes others do n't , after checking the diagnostic LED , running the recommended test from the instructions manual , the conclusion was `` RPM sensor damaged '' , solution `` replace it '' . What ? I just bought it , how is that possible ? What this even tested at the factory ? ... Anyway my recommendation `` Do n't buy it '' .
 Ordered this item with assumption it would ship in approx two weeks . Amazon delayed shipment by changing the delivery estimate . Still no order at this time . Am disappointed with Amazon . From the sound of the previous reviews , this does n't sound like it 's a Chamberlain problem . I 've bought Chamberlain before and am very pleased with their product.Have cancelled order and will purchase at a local store where you know if an item is really in stock or not .
 I ordered this product from Amazon earlier this Fall and after several weeks of waiting , I could not get any estimate as to when it might be available from Amazon . I honestly do n't think Amazon ever had any intention of of filling the order . I finally cancelled the order . The more I deal with Amazon the more I question their integrity .
 This opener works fine for a short time , but when it goes there is no middle ground . The built in -LRB- annoying -RRB- feature that freezes the keypad for 30 seconds if you hit the wrong number is the same feature that makes it impossible to recover when a number starts to go bad . If it does n't work , you ca n't try again for 30 seconds and , after the 3rd try , it wo n't work again until you open the door from the inside . Mine worked correctly for less than a year . It is poorly made and poorly thought out .
 Nowhere in the instructions are you advised to perform a very necessary step -- start by deprograming the Liftmaster garage opener AS WELL as deprogram the Clicker . As a computer literate operator I eventually tumbled to this solution after several futile installation attempts.Of course , now you have to take your car visor remotes and reprogram them as well to the new Liftmaster code , but this is straightforward . Would it really have hurt the feelings of the instruction authors to have included these simple steps?The cover that slides up to expose the buttons has no finger grips ; you have to press hard against the cover and rely on friction . My Clicker is under a significant overhang , so I just leave the cover up . There are much more elegant designs.The Clicker , however , works well . I note there are some durability questions , and only time will tell whether I encounter them . Battery issues that leave people unable to enter are probably the operator 's fault - change the battery every Fall just as you do for smoke alarms . I managed to lock myself outside the house in winter weather , while in shirtsleeves , so my first step thereafter was to install a Clicker . I 'm satisfied with the results , but dismayed by the incomplete instructions .
 I 've now purchased two of these openers and each went out after only a couple of years . When it was new , it worked well but be prepared , it will fail when you need it most . My most recent failure was when my wife went out walking and a storm came up . She was unable to get back in the house becasue `` The Clicker '' was dead.I 'm replacing mine today ... but with another brand .
 The instructions for the CLK1 are terrible . A year ago I installed it , stuggled for an hour with the programming instructions and finally got it to work . Today , it does not open the door , so it 's back to the instructions . If I ca n't get it to work in five more minutes , you 'll read about some nut going postal in Apple Valley , Minnesota .
 mine worked about 16 months , then `` the lights went out '' it seems they made this thing to last that long according to all the other complaints . the problem with something like this is that when you discover it does not work , you are outside with no keys .
 Mine worked only a few days until the battery died . When I replaced the battery , the opener no longer worked , even after I reprogrammed it .
 This opener worked ok for a year then failed while we were away on vacation and my mother was watching the house and dog.She took him for a walk and came back to find that the door would n't open . I 'll never hear the end of it now !! Buy some thing better or hard-wired and battery-less 25 min . on the help line and I got tired of `` pushing 1 for other choises `` Junk and no suppport
 After 18 months of sporadic use , the device stopped responding . Thinking it was likely time for a new battery I replaced that , but still no functionality returned ; no lights on the keypad as there had always been before.Good instructions and simple installation . However , from my way of seeing it these things should last longer .
 I bought a CLK1 for use with my Liftmaster -LRB- 1997 -RRB- opener . It works fine for THREE openings and then resorts to acting simply like a remote -LRB- press any key and the door opens -RRB- . The instructions are awful - I have a Liftmaster with off-white buttons on the remote and nowhere do Chamberlain give instructions for this -LRB- even though it is listed as being compatible -RRB- - you have to try it as an ` orange ' or ` green ' . A complete waste of money with the worst printed instructions imaginable .
 I ORDERED chamberlain two door opener model clk1 , AND WAS SENT A LIFTMASTER MODEL 387LM -LRB- THIS IS A 1 DOOR OPENER -RRB-
 The old addage is true with this product . I went on the cheap and this is what I got . Who knows if the wireless transmission is the problem or if it 's the ancient garage door opener , but either way the success rate of this product is about 50 % . Programming it is no problem and hanging it on the wall is pretty simple for anyone who knows which end of the screwdriver to grab . If you 're looking for reliability , you may want to spend the extra $ 10 to upgrade to the next model
 Had product 2 1/2 years with no problems . Then when had problem , discovered that there is NO toll free # , a hold time of 40 min which I guess is why they want it on your dime , they sell NO spare parts , The staff is lackadaisical , they downgraded from a 2-door to a 1-door opener , staff has no idea why , adding insult to injury , they sent me an email that said my problem was `` solved '' then sent me a survey with a 500 character limit for comments . I wasted 4 hours total trying to address problem before abandoning project .
 My replacement unit just failed after 3 weeks of operation . Same failure as original . A dead keypad with a good battery . Looking for another brand . Support phone line had the most unfriendly tree for help I have ever seen . Endless prompts with the fear you might hit the wrong one and have to start all over again ! Easy to program and operate but seems to lack quality in the hardware design . I might add the first one I bought did n't work out of the box and the local store swapped me a `` good '' one -LRB- which failed in two months -RRB- .
 Unit worked fine for 2 1/2 years but then failed . It 's a little bit difficult to program , but if you read the directions closely and follow verbatim , you should n't have a problem.Keep the instructions in a safe place as you will need them to change the code/reprogram when changing battery as the unit loses all information and has to be reprogrammed when you change the battery .
 I have an Intellicode Genie and this does not work with that brand . It is advertised as universal but when I tried it it specifically says no Intellicode . They do not explain this in the Item description .
 I 've used the CLK1 remote garage access product for a couple of years and have had to replace the unit three times because it simply stopped working . I 've unsuccesfully tried following the instructions to get failed units working again.Because the instructions are so poorly written , it 's easy to wonder if you 're following the instructions properly . However , after reading all of the reviews about this product , it 's clear to me that both the instructions and the underlying product are bad.I strongly discourage anyone from buying this product .
 If you have a `` Genie '' anything , I would recommend that you do n't purchase . The information on the package said it was incompatable with one Genie garage door opener , however after struggling to program , etc. . I finally had to call the manufacturer who informed me that it was not compatible with my model either ... so ... it is going back .
 The description told me it 's compatible with my garage door opener ... liar 's ! I had to look online to find out it 's not compatible for Chamberlain Liftmaster 's with the purple learn button so if you have that , DO NOT buy this product ... it WILL NOT work !
 This product keeps loosing its programming . I have changed the batteries and reprogrammed several times . It will work after reprogramming for a few weeks and will loose the programming again for no reason . This unit is not exposed to water or extreme temps . I would not recommend .
 I have a Genie garage door opener , but I was unable to program this clk1 unit . The help phone number is ALL recording - there is no live person to talk to , so I am throwing it in the trash and getting another model .
 Ordered a replacement CLK1 from Amazon for my Multi Code opener . Received a CLK 1D which is the new model . The new model no longer works with Multi-Code openers.As of 10/08/2007 , the posted installation instruction PDF is for the old CLK1 model.Luckily my old CLK1 remote started working again .
 Worked great for about six months . Stopped working last week so I replaced the battery today . Still would n't work so I tried another battery and the connector -LRB- 9 volt style -RRB- broke off . Now the whole unit is useless . I 'm pretty sure it was dead anyways , but a cheap connector adds insult to injury.Avoid this one .
 We 've had this about 4 years . The last time the battery died , it would no longer work to open to doors . We 're replacing it , but not getting another Clicker . There is no reason for it to die after so few years .
 This `` universal '' remote does not work with Overhead Door Co. systems . Buyer beware !
 I have a 3 year old CLT1 which works fine for my gate and for my garage door . However , the CLT1D has dropped support for Multi-code controllers . So my CLT1D will not open my gate . I am taking it back . Further beware , there is no warning of non-support in the CLT1D documents . It is up to you to notice the difference between the instructions for your new and your old controller . The only info on the company web site is a pdf of the CLT1 instructions , indicating support for Multi-code . I guess they ca n't manage the five minutes of labor it would take to post the updated pdf . Figuring this out was a frustrating waste of time for me . Frankly , it is very rare for a newer version of an electronic device to do LESS than the earlier model.And , the phone support is a useless duplication of the printed instructions .
 This is not compatible with all garage door openers . Not just the ones that are itemized in the manual , -LRB- which I read before ordering -RRB- but also ` Overhead Door ' -LRB- not an uncommon brand -RRB- which was only brought to my attention after calling customer service and after an hour of aggravation !
 I first had to reprogram both my receiver and my existing remotes , because the CLT1 does n't have a `` 0 '' setting for its DIP switches . That was annoying and tedious but not hard . I then followed the programming instructions for the CLT1 precisely and it did n't work at all . I also tried reversing the on-off settings as another user suggested , and that did n't work either . I 'm returning it tomorrow .
 First of all , this remote is very big and bulky . I was hoping to replace a big Multi-code remote and a LiftMaster remote with this . Turns out this is bigger in size than the old , bulky Multi-code remote . Setup for the LiftMaster was a piece-of-cake thanks to the learning button on the door opener . Had to get a ladder and open up the control box to get to it , but worked promptly . The Multi-code , on the other hand , took a lot of time and frustration and still did not work . I should 've just listened to one of the reviewers -LRB- drwam -RRB- who already mentioned this . The Clicker support website has the CLT1 which says it supports Multi-code brand , but the model being reviewed here is the CLT1D which does not even show up on their website or their automated phone support as a valid model . When I finally talked to their support person , he confirmed that the new CLT1D dropped support for Multi-code because ` it was outdated technology ' . Beats the purpose of being a universal remote . He also confirmed that the older CLT1 did support Multi-code remotes . They need to mention this in their literature so Multi-code owners do n't make the same mistake I did . Needless to say , I have returned the remote .
 My Clicker seems to have developed a problem after being only a month old -- it eats an entire , fresh , brand-new 9v battery in a matter of days . I keep it in the door pocket of my car and I have repeatedly verified that the buttons are n't getting mashed . I know the button is n't geting stuck -- the LED on the front illuminates when you press it , and it goes off when you would expect it to . But I 've now replaced the battery three times in two weeks . Each battery was a fresh , brand new 9v bought from different stores . Energizer , Duracell , did n't matter.This makes my Clicker a useless paperweight .
 I moved into a house with a 10 year old Craftsman opener . It has a smartlearn button and everything , but this remote just wo n't learn from it no matter what I do . Others were fine , but this one does n't like me . I 'm sure it 's great , but does n't work for me
 Remote worked for the Sears Green learning button garage door opener ... but does not work with Sears dip switch garge door opener.Instructions are vague in parts , and forget calling tech support . I was on speakerphone on hold during the entire evening news as well as dinner and still in cue . I lost any interest in getting this to work just because of the non existent customer support .
 This so-called universal remote does not operate wayne - dalton garages , and it is not listed on the dreadfully long automated customer no service call !! This remote SUCKS !!
 I bought this to replace a Stanley Multi-Code remote -LRB- 10 dip switches -RRB- . It does n't work . Although the packaging states NOT compatible with Stanley Secure-Code it did not say anything about incompability issues with Multi-Code systems . But after a couple hours of frustration -LRB- reversing the dip switches , using different dip switches for different remote brands , flipping DIP switches 11 and 12 to both OFF/ON and combinations thereof -RRB- , I am convinced that this thing does not work on Multi-Code systems . The packaging needs to be a lot more clear about this .
 This unit was listed as a replacement remote for my Sears garage door opener ... BUT , unlike the Sears remote , which has eight 3-position switches to set the opener code , this devices only has eight 2-position switches to set the opener code with my unit . The instructions blow past this point saying `` just do n't use any of the 0 settings for the switchs -RRB- , but this reduces the number of possible opener codes from 6,561 to only 256 , which is much less secure . No thank you .
 The packaging is pretty unhelpful about which systems it will and wo n't control . Unfortunately , our 12-switch DoIt -LRB- non-Intellicast -RRB- is one of the ones it wo n't . Back it goes !
 would be very cool and i think smart to show how it might work.i should n't complain about its site . i have yet to go to one toreally know if it would work.probably would be a good idea to set up the site by lettingabout 50 `` normal '' people figure out how they should try and buy one . Give each a different remote.i bet their sales would skyrocket . cause nobody else is doing it
 I 've had a Clicker 321 for years and it finally broke . I replaced it with the CLT1D . But it does n't work . There is no 0 setting on this new one . So the directions tell you to go back and change the settings on the receiver side.That is ridiculous . I ca n't change the receiver in our community . So this P.O.S. goes back right away.Clicker has no remotes now that work with Chamberlain or Sears .
 I have an older model Sears garage door opener , and the Clicker had the same dip switches , but this Clicker opener would not work with my Sears Garage Door Opener .
 Very dissapointed . Could not return item because box was open . How would you know item does not work if you do not open box ???!!!!
 The remote refused to learn my doors code , even though my door was supposed to be one of the easiest for it to learn . I had to send it back .
 it does not work ... even under the models . . it is suposed to work and accept the codes ... it does not recognize the codes ...
 Nice concept , but it is difficult to program , in the end it does n't work , and no one answers the Clicker `` customer service '' line . What a frustrating waste of money .
 My review is in no way meant negative to what might be a fully functioning product ; it 's rather directed more to the Clicker not just being incompatible with certain garage doors but a lack of manufacturer compatibility in the product description . I bought one of these locally , and after wrangling with the typical impenetrable plastic packaging -LRB- you know the type - requires a chainsaw to open -RRB- , the documentation revealed a list of compatible garage doors .
 If you use any of the Craftsman openers -LRB- chamberlin , Liftmaster , Craftsman , Security + , etc. . . -RRB- do NOT get this opener . I fought it for DAYS trying to get it to work with my existing opener . It would either work on it 's own , or the old GDO would work , but not together . Turns out that it somehow `` takes over '' so unless you want to buy a whole new set of openers , dont ' bother . Go with the Craftsman Security + GDO . Works great ! Solved all my problems , unlike this POS .
 Although this item was still in it 's packaging as new and listed as compatible with my garage door opener it did not work . I 'm positive that I set the programmable switches correctly and I 've tried other possible combinations with no luck .
 the size is way too big . do n't be fooled by the photo . It did not come with the updated instruction , I have to call technic support - which you got automatic answering again and again and could not get a real person or the help I needed . finally I emailed and they sent the new instruction for my Chamberlain opener and it worked . but the huge size is definitely an issue .
 This remote will NOT support a multicode remote , as the previous CLT1 would . It took me several tries to figure it out , only to finally retrieve my old paperwork from the CLT1 , -LRB- thank G-D I had saved ! -RRB- , only to find out that this newer model does not do all that the older model did . If you have a multicode remote , this remote will NOT work !!
 The CLT1D would n't work with my Chamberlain door opener . Could n't get anyone to answer the help line and the help line did n't even recognize the the CLT1D as a valid model number . I bought a #CLT 1 somewhere else for my other garage door opener -LRB- same model of Chamberlain -RRB- and it works great . Buy the CLT1D at your own risk .
 The package says it works with Linear garage doors , but it does n't if they have a smart code buttons . There is no where in the package information that tells you this , but if you work your way through the customer support line it eventually shares it with you . Worthless .
 I bought this remote as an addition to a fully functioning CLT1 . I have set the dip-switches identically ... but lo and behold , the `` updated '' model does not work . OK , fine . But there is absolutely zero customer support . There is no phone # . There is an e-mail form on the website ... but my attempts have gone completely unheeded . Only after reading some of these posts have I learned that the CLT1D has glaring incompatibility issues . I have wasted so much time , I 'm livid . No more Chamberlin ... ever !
 tried several times to get this thing to work.Don ' t waste your time or money .
 After spending an hour trying to set this up in my parents ' home , I discovered in tiny , tiny print inside the instruction sheet `` doorbell must ring for 2 seconds '' for this product to work . Of course , there was no such disclaimer on the OUTSIDE of the package . If you have a doorbell sound that is flatter and less ringing , this will not work , no matter how you locate or adjust the transmitter . I could actually say Dinggggggdonggggggg and it would work -- just not with the actual doorbell ! This is a $ 30 donation to Heath/Zenith . I have a Dimango extender in my own home which took 10 minutes to install , works every time , and works with any kind of doorbell except electronic ones that play tunes . Get that instead and save yourself a lot of aggravation !
 A great idea if only it would work . Even with the microphone mounted directly on -LRB- or in -RRB- the doorbell case and the sensitivity turned all the way up , the chime only works about 10 % of the time . I called the company and their response was I needed a bigger , louder doorbell . Back to looking for a product that can be wired directly into the doorbell .
 My experience with this product is similar to most of those stated . From day 1 , the extender worked intermittently and unpredictably . It 's mounted right on top of my doorbell chime . So , I do n't really understand why the performance should be unpredictable.Over time , its performance degraded . Now -LRB- even with new batteries and the sensitivity turned up -RRB- , it works less than 10 % of the time . I give my strongest non-recommendation to this product .
 At first , I thought this was the greatest thing I could 've bought for us so that we could hear the doorbell upstairs . Well it was , for about two weeks ; for the it worked . It pretty much has a mind of its own . It works when it wants to -LRB- new batteries or old -RRB- . Sometimes , we will hear the thing go off and the doorbell was n't even pushed . Use your money on a different extender . Normally not a negative person but I gave this item one star because there was no option to go lower . If I could , I would give it 1/16 of a star ... just for working for two weeks . Piece of junk !
 Worked for about a week then suddendly died . After trying a second one , never again .
 I thought this would be a perfect solution for hearing my front door bell from my basement . It only works approximately 10 % of the time . Even after many adjustments , it does not work as portrayed .
 The first plug-in doorbell chime lasted 2 years and 4 months . The extension transmitter is still working.So , off to Home Depot I went where the original kit was purchased from . Since they did n't have just the wireless accessory chime , I had to look for the least expensive wireless door chime kit which turned out to be the SL-6166-C which came with the push button transmitter . Only the plug-in doorbell chime was needed . That chime lasted a couple of hours before I smelled something burning . The unit self destructed while plugged into the wall outlet . I returned the piece of junk and got a refund.So , off to Rona I went . There I was able to find just the replacement wireless accessory chime . It was model #SL -6143 - A and did n't have the volume adjustment knob on the back . It was only a 2-note chime which was fine with me . So far , it 's $ 10 cheaper than model #SL -6166 - C and it is still working .
 I purchased this item so we could sit out on the back porch and still hear when someone stopped by . Unfortunately , it does not have the range claimed and does not work outside of the house . Positioned the reciever from plug to plug in a direct line from the chime and the spot we ultimately wanted to place it in . This was of course after setting it up several times following the directions . Would ring if you kept the button down long enough and if it liked the doorbell chime at that time . Placed on the back porch directly opposite an indoor house plug we had used in the direct line site and it would ring once in a blue moon , maybe not that often .
 I tried 3 of these chime extenders - thinking the first two were defective . Howenver , is simply poor product design . The Microphone - even when placed directly on the chime - sometimes does not function -LRB- with the sensitivity at maximum -RRB- . When the microphone -LRB- transmitter -RRB- does work , the Chime -LRB- receiver -RRB- has to be close to the transmitter , otherwise it does not chime consistently . A very aggravating product experience that wasted a lot of my time . Look for a better product .
 Bought my first set of two electrical outlet chimes and one button a couple of years ago . Initially , the system worked fine , then stopped working . Changed the battery in the button -- still no do . So , I eventually searched for a replacement button , but could n't find the same type sold alone and had to buy another system . This one had one outlet chime and two buttons . So , now I had three outlet chimes and three buttons -LRB- one of which no longer worked -RRB- . Installed the battery in one of the new buttons and snapped in back in place outside my front door , and installed the three chimes around my small home -LRB- none more than 30 feet from the button . At first , all three worked . Then , after a day or two , only one of them worked . I began troubleshooting , but there was absolutely no rhyme or reason behind when they would decide to work . Sometimes I 'd press the button and nothing would happen . Sometimes all three would chime . Other times , just one or just two . I 'd switch around the chimes , but there was nothing consistent . I called tech support , but , of course , one I got them on the phone , everything was working just fine . Hung up , put everything back in place , and same old problems . It 's pretty much useless , I 've given up spending any more time with it , and all the components are now in the trash . Seems like cheap construction in the button , to me . I 'd stay away from these and finder a higher quality solution . That 's my next quest .
 Product works sporadically when mounted to the door chime 's case . However , our poodle 's bark apparently is in the same frequency as the doorbell . The dog would bark , the doorbell would go off , we 'd answer the door and there 'd be nobody there . We finally discovered that the dog 's bark caused the bell to ring , when we thought the bell caused the dog to bark . Product lasted several years , died , and the replacement was even more sporadic than the original . I would not recommend this product , unless you just want to keep track of your dog .
 This doorbell extender works by placing a small microphone near your doorbell . The microphone listens for any loud sound within a certain pitch range , and then triggers the remove units , -LRB- which plug into outlets . -RRB- While the remote units were loud and worked great , the microphone on the main unit was very touchy . A loud yawn would be enough to set it off , but many time the sound of the doorbell ringing would not.After about a year of ownership , the chimes started getting set off for no reason at all , and about a week later the microphone stopped working all together . I 'm now stuck shopping for not only a new doorbell extender , but I need new satalite units as well , meaning that this will code me at least $ 40 to replace .
 First Heath Zenith unit just could n't be heard , even with volume all the way up . Second unit worked for about 10 days then died . Presumably the transmitter , since its light did n't come on anymore .
 I bought this at Ace when I moved my home office upstairs and was unable to hear the doorbell . I 've had this product for over 5 months now , and no amount of adjusting will make it work . It will go off if the dog barks near the transmitter , or when we run the vacuum , but never when there 's someone at my door . Very disappointed . A waste of $ 30 .
 I must say that I have to agree with all of the bad reviews for this product . There are two main issues I have with this wireless chime . One , the microphone 's sensitivity is poor . Like most reviewers here , I had to place it right next to the door chime , and I had to turn the sensivity setting all the way up for it to work . And two , the unit rings falsely all times of the day , tho ' it seems to be most annoying at 3 in the morning . Many times I 've had to get up and remove the receiver from the power outlet to get it to stop . The manual says the unit may send out false signals due to loud noises - not so ; at 3 am , it 's quiet as a church-mouse in my house ! Unfortunately , I bought this at Home Depot without doing online research . My conclusion - do n't buy this product ; do your research and spend a few dollars more for a better quality product .
 I 've had this for over a week . The bait is getting eaten and the trap is getting sprung , but still nothing caught . I think they do n't get all the way in and the door falls on them and they get away . I would give it 5 stars if it were called `` The Squirrel Feeder '' .
 This is waaaaaaaay too small for squirrels . Chipmunks just fine , but when a squirrel trips the trap his body is half way out of the trap so he just runs away . Great quality but no way it works for squirrels
 I read the reviews and most everyone seem to have no problem with catching many squrriels , with peanut butter on a cracker stuck to the tray . But i am begining to wonder if they smell the human scent and dont come near it . Or maybe they hid it under something that masked the human scent and the trap itsefl . Has anyone got any ideas ?
 Maybe this would have worked if our rats were less intelligent , or maybe if I was more , lol . I 'm not sure if I set it up wrong or not but the rats got the food out without it going off and we had to resort to other methods .
 The Havahart 1025 Two-Door trap did not work very well for capturing small Rabbits . Several times I watched a rabbit walk through one end and out the other without closing the trap .
 I have used Havahart traps to catch squirrels in the past and had GREAT success . I bought this one recently only to determine after getting it that it was way too small to catch a proper squirrel . They have tripped the trap 10 times on not gotten caught . How do I know I have squirrels ? One got caught in a rat trap . Very inhumane since he did not die , but was crippled instead.The larger Havahart I used many years ago caught 40 in 30 days and NEVER was tripped without catching one . DO NOT BUY THIS MODEL FOR SQUIRRELS !
 I did n't read close enough and have a squirrel trap that 's too small for those `` North American Monkeys '' that are bane in my garden . I wish I was catching them but not a one .
 It was out for weeks before I realized the bait had been eaten and the trap had not closed . Rebaited and had the same results .
 This trap has not been effective in catching a squirrel in my attic . While following instructions and baiting the trap with peanut butter and crackers , the trap has been cleaned of the bait on numerous occasions without tripping the door release . . There have also been three occasions when the bait was removed and the doors did trip shut , however no squirrel was captured.Even though this is advertised as a squirrel trap , apparently it does not work , unless the squirrel is small enough to get fully into the trap before tripping the release . I can only assume that the times the trap was tripped , the squirrel was able to hold the doors open with some part of his body while eating the bait . Very frustrating efforts over a two week period . I also had contacted Havahart and was using their suggestions for baiting the trap differently than called for in the instructions . . that did n't work either.I am planning to try a slightly larger trap -LRB- 1079 -RRB- based on reviews of that model .
 It is better described as a dining room for visiting squirrelsThe trap is too small to trap squirrel as their tail remains outside of the door and they just back out.The bait has been taken three times and the doors sprung but no squirrel remained.Squirrels are hoping I put out more bait soon .
 I bought this to catch suirrels . I found out , it is too small to catch grey squirrels . I saw one go in , but his tail was sticking out . So when the trap door came down , he backed out and ran away . I caught a chipmunk with it , but no squirrels . Then I bought model 1084 . That model is so easy to set up and large enough and sturdy enough to catch all the squirrels in my neighborhood .
 This trap uses gravity to hold the door close . If you transport your animal and the trap tips over , the door will automatically open and if you have the animal running in the car , good luck ! The cage must be at a horizontal position at all time if you do not want the animal to jump out when the door opens automatically at high angle .
 It is a bit frustrating to try to bait and set up this trap . It often trips itself and spills the bait . But , the worst thing is that it did not work for the squirrels we have here . I see now that if I had read the product description carefully I would have seen that it was for red squirrels , not grey squirrels , but I did not think much about it since the name is `` two door cage trap for squirrels '' . Get this only if you have LITTLE squirrels where you live .
 Havahart 1025 Live Animal Two-Door Squirrel , Chipmunk , Rat , and Weasel Cage TrapI have about 5 chipmunks living in my front yard around my wife 's flowerbeds . Bought the 1025 to take care of the problem humanely by relocation.Using peanut butter I watched them feast for 5 days with no success . After reading the reviews posted here I tried placing the bait in different areas like underneath and above the trip tray . I finally caught one 2 days later which still was n't good results . The main problem lies in the tripping setup . The chips only weigh 2 to 3 ounces and it takes more weight to trip this trap . Needless to say I returned where purchased and got a 1 door model 0745 . I caught a chip in 10 minutes and in 2 days caught the other 4 . So if you need a trap for chips get the 0745 .
 The trap has a couple of issues.First out of the box , the trap would not work . The trigger mechanism would not shut the doors . After bending the rods a little bit , the trap was working . Not a big deal for me , but definitely not a good first impression .2 nd problem is that the trap is too small for squirrels . I had squirrels in the attic and she got the bait -LRB- teeth marks visible on the remainder -RRB- and closed the trap doors but no squirrel inside . My guess is that to get the bait , the squirrel was not all the way in with either the tail sticking out or even the body and once the trap was tripped , she was able to back out because she was n't all the way in . I bet the trap would have worked for a smaller squirrel or rat or chipmunk but not the squirrels I had .
 I have the other Havahart one door design products & they work well but I 've observed squirrels much more interested in the two door since both sides are open.Problem with this unit is it is too small for squirrels . Part of their body sticks out the sides and they can stop the door from coming down and squeeze back out.This size probably works great for mice or maybe rats but much too small for squirrels ... buy the larger unit .
 I use this to trap squirrels . The bait pan is n't very sensitive . Even when it is sprung , one of the doors does not close entirely and the animals escape . It 's OK when used as a single door trap . But those are harder to attract squirrels since one door must remain shut at all times , and some squirrels may then be too cautious to enter .
 These traps are WAY too small !! The squirrels are hanging halfway out when it goes off . Worthless !! Buy the bigger one .
 The trap 's concept is good , but after trying for 2 weeks using 2 traps , I have officially given up . Somehow the rats keep setting the traps off without getting trapped inside . I do n't think there 's enough space for them to escape once the doors latch down , but they might be running through the trap without stopping to eat the food . I tried shutting one door , but I do n't believe they ever ventured inside when it was in that position . Whatever the case , I set up a couple of old `` snap traps '' last night and caught 2 rats . I 'm betting that I catch more tonight . Bummer , because I really would have preferred to catch and release them somewhere far from my home . I gave it 2 stars only because it seems like it could work ... it just did n't work out for me .
 The description should rate this trap only for very small squirrels . It 's WAY too small for your average squirrel . The doors hang up on the critter 's rump allowing an easy escape . The good news is that the dopes keep coming back . Therefore , I 'm optimistic that the larger size 2 door `` rabbit '' trap I just ordered should work well .
 So far I 've caught nine critters in the single door trap set up right next to this one and not a single critter in this one . Get the single door model .
 I am new to this trapping adventure , but the trap did not work for me - it was simply to small for squirrels around my house . A squirrel would enter only partially , with butt sticking out , trigger the door , yet and were able to wiggle out.Got a bigger trap , and caught a possum instead.Very frustrating .
 So far the only thing I 've caught in this trap are very pissed off squirrels -LRB- so if you 're needing to get rid of squirrels this trap is for you ! -RRB- -- BUT if you have a rat issue , do n't buy it . If you manage to coerce a rat into the trap , all they do is turn the trap upside down and the door opens right up and out they go . Want the `` Happy Trap '' back -- so much better . Did n't matter how much they tried to turn the trap , it did n't open !
 Well I got the Item and I 've done nothing but make my pest happy ! He is enjoying his organic peanut butter . I 've set it 2 times to find him eating it outside the trap . The last time I checked the trap was shut and locked but again the squirrel was not in it !
 TRAPS TOO SMALL TO CATCH RABBITS . COST ME TOO MUCH TO RETURN . 1025 DESCRIPTION NOW SAYS SQUIRRELS .
 Maybe it was me , or my area of the country , -LRB- rural southern California -RRB- , but my grey squirrels are clearly too big for this trap . I could n't catch even one and I followed all the tips on this page . I 'm looking to order a larger trap .
 The Havahart trap never worked !!! I tried the paste that could be purchased ... . both un-shelled pecans ... . shelled pecans . The squirrels still run around and taunt my dogs ! A waste of my money!Lisa
 Tried it for three weeks with no luck other then trapping a couple birds which I was able to release them unharmed .
 first i had a hard time where the trap didnt trigger and bait was gone . so then i attached a stick to the plate and at the end of the stick a small bowl filled with bait . well that worked great by creating leverage . i heard the noise in the attic , ran up , squirrel looked at me , rammed the door twice dilodging the locking bar and took off . worth it ? i will let you be the judge . not sure if i have super intelligent squirrels in my area . These suckers have to be super smart of the luckiest things on the planet . this was the 2nd brand trap i tried and both have failed . the first the squirrel simply squeezed around the sides of the door . i think i now have to take lethal action . sorry little dudes . i tried my best for a full month and i need sleep .
 I have caught nearly 80 gray squirrels with this trap , so it is not too small -- as a couple reviewers have stated . But it does have its quirks
 This trap worked at first -- I caught two ground squirrels and relocated them far , far away . Then the trap ceased to work ; I do n't know why . Squirrels dashed into the trap , grabbed the bait and happily ran away with their treats.They spread the good news , they invited their friends and families to my yard ; my so-called trap turned into a squirrel feeding station ! I tried securing the bait to the bait tray so they could n't grab the bait so easily but the trap doors never sprang shut . I think the trigger mechanism must have been defective . What a frustrating waste of time ! My squirrels are bolder and more brazen than ever and my petunias have no blossoms . I took the trap back to the store and got my money back .
 I have had this trap for one year now & I am not happy with it . Either this trap is lame or I have the smartest flying squirrels in Branscomb California.I bait this trap in every way possible & all I do is feed the squirrels . The trip plate just is n't sensitive enough . After one year all I have caughtis a rat . The flying squirrels just come in & eat away & never get caught . I have tried many modifications including blocking off one of the doors stillno help . I 'm going to try the single door model to see if it can do any better . Either this is a lame trap or my squirrels are smart ! Go Figure !
 This trap is too small for squirrels . It may work for ground squirrels and chipmunks , but a `` tree '' or `` city '' squirrel is too big for the trap . We needed to send it back for a larger variety ,
 the trip mechanism is difficult to set so that slight vibrations -LRB- e.g. wind or the animal just starting to enter -RRB- do n't set it off .
 Length :
 Amazon should edit the description - while it works fine for some squirrels like red and ground , I 've seen gray squirrels spring the trap and get out because they were not all the way inside . Buy the next size up for gray squirrels and fox squirrels .
 The average gray squirrel in my neighborhood is just too big . It says on the box it 's for small red squirrels , chipmunks or mice . They should really indicate that as well on Amazon in the description . Based on the directions I set it to the `` one door '' option for larger squirrels , but they still spring the trap without getting all the way in
 I was advertised to catch Squirrels . It did not work . You did not put the dimensions of the cage . This is false advertising
 I borrow my neighbors trap -LRB- havahart -RRB- and it is larger and has helped me catch 5 chipmunks . This one does n't work well and the one it trapped got away . Bigger is better .
 One of the doors &#34; sticks &#34; , enabling critters to not set-off the trap . I need to do some &#34; finishing work &#34; to ensure that BOTH doors close properly when the bait holder is moved/disturbed .
 I see rats in my hen house and rats on the fence in my black berries and rat parts the cats leave behind but in a month ZERO rats have checked the peanut butter and become trapped .
 The product states for rabbits . It is not big enough to catch a rabbit . It says on the box small squirrels `` ideal for catching red and flying squirrels , weasels , chipmunks , rats and similar sized nuisance animals '' . We are in the process of returning it because it is not big enough to catch rabbits .
 I purchased for chipmunks . They are able to escape before the doors are latched . I have used a borrowed longer model by same manufacturer which was very successful . I either need a longer model or slower chipmunks .
 We bought this model in order to catch a rat who had entered our home . We bought this one rather than the 1020 on the advice of another Amazon customer - see comment titled `` Falsely advertised as a Rat Trap '' at http://www.amazon.com/Havahart-1020-Two-Door-3-Inch-Cage/dp/B0000DINGG/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 - we knew that ours was a fairly large sized rat . We tried it for over a week but with no success at all . Either the rat just ate the bait or the doors got shut without any rat inside . It is possible that we may have been doing something wrong but a good product should be idiot-proof IMHO.To the product designers I have the following suggestions : - keeping the bait plate horizontal is not very easy - one can never know for sure if the trap is too tight -LRB- in which case it will not shut easily -RRB- or too loose -LRB- in which case the trap closes even if it is mildly disturbed
 This trap is way too small for the squirrels around me , it is more like a chipmunk or rat sized trap . I highly recommend you sketch out the measurements before buying so you can see how small it is . 5 inches by 7 inches is a very small width/height . After I got mine I went to Harbor Freight and got a larger trap for about the same price , and so far I have caught two squirrels in two days in the larger trap while this Havahart model sits nearby untouched.If you are transporting your squirrels I recommend you put the whole trap in a disposable plastic bag as they will likely pee when in the car .
 -LRB- I got the larger trap for Rabbits see my other review . I was worried the trap was to big for teeny baby bunny and would n't spring well it did 2 hours after I set it I caught him and relocated . Great ! -RRB- THIS trap is Awful ! The sunflower seed always empty and trap not sprung ! I am now just feeding the chipmunks ! This is going back as it does not work !
 I am very disappointed in this squirrel cage it is not consistent . You will catch one squirrel and then for 10-12 other times the squirrel gets the food and the cage does not close properly . or find it closed and the food still there . Havahart 1025 Two-Door 18 x 5 x 5-Inch Cage Trap for Squirrels
 OK - I want to be perfectly clear . The one star rating is only due to the sub standard condition the WIRING on my oder came with . When I first unboxed the lamp and set it up , it would not turn on . I tried a few bulbs before I realised there was `` ticking '' coming from the inline switch on the cable , indicating to me something was loose . I grabbed my circuit tester and some tools , and moments later found that the switch had been improperly wired , and was barely connected at ALL , with one portion of bar wire loose and capable of touchingthe metal screw spindle that holds the switch together . Had there been a fire or electrocution , I may not have been as reasonable with this review as I plan to be.After reinstalling the switch onto the cable in a manner consistent with its design , I find this lamp to be quite delightful , and perfect for an ambient bedroom light . It is appealing to look at , and small enough to be unobtrusive . I plan on buying more , but I will examine the switching on each one prior to `` installation '' . Maybe mine was a one off accident , but I 'm not taking chances .
 I bought this brush because i had heard great things about it , and have used benjamin moore paint for years.When it arrived i was disappointed.This brush does n't hold paint and doesnt lay paint off for a smooth finish . I 've been painting for 30 years and have used a lot of brushes and this is n't a good brush for a professional job .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 $ 33.23 is way too high for 1 pint of compressor oil . I thought maybe this is the price for a case of oil , but the technical details says , `` 3/8 '' x 50 ' Rubber Air Hose . ''
 I should have read the details better . The `` shock-proof '' material is `` plastic '' . Every time I use it , I 'm afraid of breaking the plastic tip . Better values at your local auto supply store .
 This lantern is like a child 's toy . It is very cheaply made -LRB- tin like -RRB- , we would have been afraid to put lamp oil in it and use it as intended - a lantern . The filling cap was made worse than a soda cap , there were bent parts and it was very lightweight , not as expected . Our 40 year old Dietz lantern is made out of heavy metal and is very sturdy , nothing like this one .
 These are decent lights for navigating the woods in the dark , but if you do ... get two of them . They like to cut out often , requiring a sharp rap to get working again ... then they work just fine for a bit ... and repeat the entire scenario all over again . It is as though the contacts are inferior and unable to provide a constant load to the LED bulb.Why do they send more of those stupid nylon sheaths ? I have to have at least twenty of them now over the years , and have yet to actually find any use for any of them.On a positive note , they are plenty bright , and the batteries last quite a while , if they would just always work as they should , they would be great ... but they just plain do not ... not at all dependable .
 Purchased this small LED flashlight to try out for an all around toolbox , glovebox , field inspection light . I currently own two original 2D cell maglites and they are excellent , both 5-6 years old and great shape . I purchased the genuine Maglite LED upgrade kit for both of them and am very satisfied . Have had the same D batteries in them for 1-2 years and they are still putting out great light , so excellent battery life.For the small 2AA light , first the PROS
 I have owned a variety of high-end flashlights over the years and at one time worked as a Sheriff 's Sergeant in a major metropolitan area . In that line of work a bright flashlight is a tool of the trade , and is carried at all times , even during the day.A belt holder for a flashlight should keep the flashlight securely attached to the belt and allow the user to rapidly deploy and replace the flashlight with a minimum of fuss . It should allow the flashlight the freedom to swing and swivel to accommodate sitting in a vehicle and/or riding a snomobile , ATV or similar conveyance . This belt holder only accomplishes the first objective . While it does hold the flashlight securely , it tends to bind if one attempts to remove the flashlight without using a second hand to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body and a second hand is required to hold the ring perpendicular to the flashlight body to return the flashlight to it 's holstered position . The ring also has only limited freedom to allow the flashlight to swing forwards and backwards to clear obstacles and vehicle steats and saddles.For casual use this product is OK . But for professional use , the product 's single-axis swinging ring design detracts from it 's usefullness . If you 're serious about a flashlight holster , buy one of the all-leather products that has a ring that is soft and compliant and hold itself at 90 degrees to the belt ring . These can be obtained at a Police equipment supply .
 Worked great for a week or so . Good light except after a week or so it wo n't stay on . You have to shake it and turn it on and off to get it to come back on . I am going to send it back to Mag Light ...
 This Maglite had its glory for the past many years ; that was before the LED era . Let it go and get the LED version . The incandescent lightbulbs for this Maglite burns out fast , and it is n't bright at all compared to the LED version . Maglite should have stopped manufacturing this a long time ago . They are still in production because many folks do n't know anything about the newer LED technology that are available today . Let this sucker R.I.P.
 I ca n't believe they still make this.I 've had my AA maglight since 8th grade . I 've replaced the bulb about 10 times back in the day . As soon as LED lights came out - I upgraded , and NEVER LOOKED BACK . Modern LED lights are way bright , much more durable , and many of them much smaller . Cheapo Fenix single AAA is built better than this , is much smaller , and MUCH BRIGHTER . I just can imagine a single instance when I 'd recommend this .
 I bought this light at Walmart and was immediately impressed . I showed it off to my friends and they were impressed too . The light was the brightest I have ever seen in a unit this small . I thought I would buy some more for friends for Christmas gifts , so I came to Amazon to check them out . Then I read the negative reviews . I thought that I had better use my light awhile and check it out before investing in any more.I have barely owned it now for 2 weeks , and only used it a few times . Then the other day , at a moment when I needed it in a dark warehouse , I turned it on , and nothing happened . I tried several times - it flickered a bit , but would not stay on . I kept trying and it finally came on for a few seconds then went off again . The flashlight has n't worked since . Immediately I remembered the negative reviews I had read on Amazon . Thanks , folks for the warning ! I am extremely disappointed ! I expected BETTER from Maglite ! What is wrong with you people over there - what has happened to your Quality Control ? You used to make products that were reliable . I returned the light to Walmart and got a refund . I wo n't be buying any of these worthless lights for Christmas gifts .
 Apparently , there is no quality control with maglite anymore . They used to be build like tanks , but no more.I bought two of these recently and they both were very poorly assembled . The switch on one was defective out of the box . It just keeps going off . The other one has a deformed barrel , just enough that a battery got stuck in it . Two out of two are bad . I should have paid a fraction of the price for some `` low quality '' stuffs from China - at least I could get some use out of them before they had to be thrown away .
 Do n't waste your time or money on the D-Cell plain leather belt holder . You are better off getting a more sturdy version of this at a uniform and supply store , which is a bit more expensive.This version by MagLite has alot of problems . - thin leather - very large loop - weak buttonSo basically , if you really need this -LRB- security/LEO 's -RRB- , pass on it . I would rather use a zip tie then hang my maglite on this.Every time I would sit down , the button would pop off , or every time I have to run or jog , the button would pop off.I do n't know , if you just need something to temporarily place your maglite in on your belt , it works , because the only thing that does work with this is the plastic D-Cell loop .
 Sometimes I wonder when I 'll learn to read the one-star reviews before purchasing a product like this LED AA Maglite . I live in a remote rural area and spend a lot of time in the mountain backcountry . I use flashlights daily and have for several decades , often under adverse conditions.Every twist-switch Maglite that I 've owned has eventually developed switch problems and proved to be unreliable , from the first AA maglight I bought years ago when they first hit the market to the present 2-AA LED incarnation . In the old days I 'd put up with this because there did n't seem to be anything better available . But I 'd still need to carry one or two spare backup flashlights on a backpacking trip to ensure that at least one worked at any given time . When problems arose , they would usually involve the Maglite switch and a failure to turn on . In some emergencies or wilderness situations , this sort of failure could be a matter of life or death.I bought my latest 2-AA LED Maglite about a year ago , assuming that surely the company had by now eliminated switching problems , and I intended to carry it in the backcountry as primary nighttime illumination . Though most reviews were favorable , I belatedly read the one-star reviews well after the purchase and based on those reviews , I relegated the new Maglite to occasional use only around the home . I 'm glad that I did n't trust it where reliability is crucial . The switching has become unreliable within a year and repeatedly fails to turn the light on or keep it on no matter how the switch is twisted . This is the same problems that I had years ago with Maglites , twist switch failures.In the last ten years I 've also used Coast Lenser flashlights , Fenix flashlights , and 4Sevens flashlights . I had one switch failure in a new twist-on AAA Fenix , but others have worked well and I suspect the one is a fluke . I have never had a failure of any kind in any of half a dozen Coast Lenser flashlights I own . The 4Sevens flashlights have performed flawlessly for me . The Coast flashlights use high quality gold plated switching contact that does not appear to fail due to corrosion as many others do . The emergence of relatively reliable flashlights that can be trusted in an emergency makes the less reliable twist-on Maglites obsolete . What I do n't understand is why , with so many years to perfect the switching mechanism , Maglite still can not produce a truly reliable twist-switch . The dozen or so one-star reviews verify this , mostly involving switching problems . These may only represent less than a tenth of the reviews , but such unreliability is still unacceptable and in the wrong circumstances could even be fatal.When you have a flashlight with fresh batteries and a viable bulb and you turn on the switch , the light should always turn on . With this Maglite flashlight , you have to twist it back and forth looking for the `` sweet spot '' , sometimes it fails entirely , and sometimes you have to shake it to get it on and then it spontaneously turns off . The older it gets , the more of a problem this becomes . In today 's world of excellent and thoroughly reliable alternatives , there is no reason to put up with this . The Coast Lenser and 4Sevens flashlights that I put into backcountry service in place of the Maglite have worked perfectly under much more adverse conditions , while the Maglite ultimately failed with only light home use .
 It 's a maglite , so you know you 're getting a solidly-constructed flashlight . What I was expecting was a maglite that was much brighter and whiter than the traditionally-bulbed ones I already own . I was disappointed in this regard
 I have four mini-LED Maglites -LRB- three 2AA , 1 3AA -RRB- , two 3D LED Maglites , one 2D LED Maglite and a few non-LED 3D/4D Maglites in various colors . I used to buy nothing but MAGLITE flashlights . However , unlike the non-LED Maglites , the more expensive -LRB- MINI -RRB- LED versions have all-but-one failed over time . I have not had much trouble with the bigger lights , especially the non-LED versions.All but one of the mini-Maglite LED flashlights that I have had developed weak connections or corrosion after a year or more . I started seeing the light go off randomly while using it . Shaking it helped for a while , but eventually I was smacking it on things to get it to come back on . After a while , I give up.The batteries do n't seem to drain evenly , one battery can drain to the point that it leaks all over the inside of the light , while the other is still over 90 % capacity . Happens more than I like . The only Mini-Maglite that still works for me - I had to pry out a battery from it today.MAG research probably has great customer service , and they 'll remove leaked batteries for you , fix stuff if you send them the light . But for something $ 20 or less , It 's not worth it for me . I just throw it in a parts drawer in case the ONE mini-Maglite I have left needs a spring or something .
 I have had two of these and they have been nothing but a huge disappointment . Within several months with both lights , the internal contacts began to get corroded and I had to take the light apart to clean then in order for it to work . I had to repeatedly do this every few weeks . I also had brand new batteries on several occasions leak within a very short period of time in both lights . The light was always kept in the house and was never exposed to adverse weather conditions . I 'm guessing it was some type of reactions with the types of metals used in the light since batteries from the same package worked fine and never leaked in other devices . These lights appear sturdy and well constructed , but their lack of reliability was very frustrating and both of mine eventually went in the trash and I would never buy another one . When you need a flashlight in an emergency and it tends usually not to work , it 's very frustrating .
 This light that I got is not as near as brite as the one sold at Sears yet it has the same number ???
 This looked like a nice flashlight until it fell . Since then , I ca n't open the back anymore , so I ca n't even replace the batteries . -LRB- Tried with really strong pliers , but even that does n't work . -RRB- Moreover , the lamp broke in the fall and I ca n't access the spare the the same reason . Simply had to throw it out . I 'd rather have high quality plastic . No more maglite for me .
 Got the flashlight but the batteries wo n't slide in , when I jammed them in the flashlight would n't light up , changed bulb with same problem .
 bought this 2 weeks ago , based on my EXCELLENT experience with Maglites , BUT this one does not live up to Maglite quality.UNLIKE the Mini Mag it is fashioned after , Maglite must have changed something as the rotary on/off switch died after 2 weeks . Guess I 'll try the competition ...
 I bought 2 of these flashlights , and both stopped working within 2 days of purchase . Why ca n't maglite use the rear push switch like so many others ?
 I had my 3AA LED Mini Maglight disappear around 2 weeks ago - It was a fine flashlight , for sure ! I was quite mad at the kid that borrowed it . I still needed a flashlight for work that was tough and reliable and of course my first choice was Maglight . At first when I saw the 2AA Maglight it was like I found the perfect flashlight - just bought it thinking it would last a lifetime or until I dumped it into the ocean or river - happened more then once.Got the first flash light home and happily opened the package and installed the batteries ... totally dead , not even a flash . Batteries checked good but , replaced them anyway . No go , so I returned the flashlight.This is not a typical Maglight issue - a trusted manufacturer in my opinion - so I went to Lowes and bought a second one - it was actually cheaper then the first . I turned it on and it worked perfectly for about 2 minutes . It then started to do random things like SOS and flashing . Replaced the new batteries with new - same thing.I went back to the store and returned it intending to get a 3AA LED version of the Maglight but , they were no longer available . So I tried a 3rd 2AA LED flashlight - Almost the same results as the second . I Google 'd my problem and found that Maglight had come up with a series of home repairs and tried them . No luck !!! Flashlight was returned with tears - for a fallen hero.I ended up with the old standard Xenon Mini Maglight and am looking at a Streamlight to replace the LED Maglight . Yes , they are more expensive . : -LRB-
 This flashlight does everything except be a flashlight . Not sure how the switch is made , but if the light is banged or bumped the light turns to the next mode which includes SOS or dim , etc. . Please just turn on and stay on , and it doesnt do that . Bought two , never again , returned one , need to get rid of the other . Steer clear of this junk , this light makes you want to smash it it is so annoying using it for work and it bumps and starts blinking .
 I was wanting a good small flash light I can use when working on my car , having previous bought a Maglite 3-D flash light , I wanted to buy another Maglite . But this mini flash light is not bright at all , and the beam is very small . The cheap Chinese flash lights I buy are brighter then this one . Overall I am very unsatisfied with this product .
 I have a 3-D cell and a 2-AA led maglight as well as a 2-AA regular maglight . My complaint with the 2-AA maglights , whether led or regular bulb is that they do n't hold their charges . I have kept both 2-AA maglights in my car , and barely use it , yet the batteries get drained . The 2-AA maglight is not good with battery life when you have it stored for several months . I 've also stored my 2-AA non led flashlight in my house , and same problem , the battery gets drained and I barely use the darn thing . But I guess that 's why the maglights are so much cheaper than say streamlight or the other high end flashlights.The 3-D cell led maglight however is great , battery life holds when stored in the house for months , and when using it it does n't die on you and keeps its brightness .
 After 8 months and a return not available it stopped working / garbage . Worked great the first 8 months then nothing . Bill
 maglite used to be the standard for good flashlites . not anymore . this one has poor illumination and uses batteries like there 's no tomorrow . The battery cap does n't want to thread back on . And it should have a toggle instead of a screw on/off switch . and there 's no replacement bulb . and several times when the batteries have been replaced the bulb blew out and they 're difficult to find . a piece of S *** !
 I was shopping for an LED flashlight . I did not get one . The reviews under this item describe an LED flashlight . I thought that the item was LED , so I ordered it . Read very carefully as the reviews under this item are not for this item . It is very misleading .
 I am what some might call a flashlight abuser . I work as a professional auto mechanic , and I use a flashlight every day . Many times a day , in fact . And guess what , I drop it on the floor occasionally . In my experience , this routine is too demanding for 95 % of the flashlights out there . I could spend 8o bucks on some `` ultimate '' flashlight , but I never will because it would undoubtedly get lost within a week . I have found that the regular , under ten bucks , krypton-bulb Mini Maglite is up to the task , however . While the bulbs need to be changed frequently , I have never had to replace a Maglite entirely , except when I lost one . For this reason , I thought I would give the LED version a try after I misplaced my regular flashlight , to try to save some energy.I was pleasantly surprised at the brightness of the LED bulb . Its focus is not adjustable , but the light it produces is bright enough that this is not really a necessity . I wish the flashlight came in brighter colors , because misplacement is a big concern for me . I really ca n't fathom why there are so many black flashlights on the market . I guess maybe people think they look cool or something.I have tried LED flashlights and bicycle headlights in the past and have found that they have a major flaw-the electronics are quite succeptible to routine shocks such as a 3-foot drop . And , of course , the electronic guts are the most expensive and hard to replace part of the lamp . Unfortunately , the LED Maglite is no exception . My flashlight started to cut out intermittently within a few weeks after I bought it . It is now entirely dead after maybe two months.I thought the Maglite would be a cut above the usual LED light , and I was wrong . Oh well , I guess I 'll find some other way to save the planet .
 I expect a lot from a maglite . This one is very underwhelming . I think my two biggest problems are 1 -RRB- the HUGE hole in the light beam in the center , and 2 -RRB- the method of turning the light on and off.First the hole in the center of the beam is very large . As in , you have to hold the flashlight off center to see anything . It is literally a ring of light , not a disc . I end up focusing the side of the ring on what I 'm looking at , and in turn , use about 10 % of the light created . Other small LED flashlights just perform much better.On to the method of engaging the light
 I work as an electrician i bought this flashlite a few week ago it does the job right but its not a solid flashlight every time i open it i have to shake it to get a strong light
 I 've carried a 2AA mini-mag for over 12 years . For the price , its a good light . BUT , with LED technology becoming common , this light is becoming outdated . On the positive side , the Mag 2AA is a well built and reliable device . However , the beam quality is very poor . Its not that bright to start out with , but worst yet it loses brightness very quickly and turns brown as the batteries decrease . The beam is full of holes , rings , and blemishes no matter how much it is focused -LRB- adjusted -RRB- . Having said that , one can buy an LED conversion unit from Opalec and install it on a new Mini-mag . The Opalec conversion unit provides steady brigtness for 10 hours and turns a Mini-mag into a state-of-the-art compact flashlight . I have an Opalec unit on my Mini-Mag , and I no longer use the standard Mag bulbs -- the standard Mag bulbs are junk in my opinionEven with that said , there are much better compact flashlights available . The Pelican M6 LED is shorter in length than a Mini-mag , and yet is so much brighter with a superior beam -LRB- pure white beam that stays white as the batteries are depleated -RRB- . If price is your sole concern , the Minimag will get the job done , but at a mediocre performance level -LRB- compared to more modern designs -RRB- . The Minimag is a reliable and well built light , despite its inferior optics . For the price , its good enough to give a moderate recommendation . If Maglite upgrades their design and offers LEDs , I think that will really improve their beam quality .
 I bought two of these , they both lasted less than a week , then the switches started changing all on their own while using them . The are both unreliable and worthless to use at this point . Too bad really ... because they are are great when they worked . RIP Maglite AA led flashlights without a redesign .
 I bought two of these last year , and they both died within a few months . I looked for replacement bulbs , but the ones that are available are upgrades , which I was n't sure if they would fit -LRB- since the upgrades are for the incandescent maglites , and I 'm not sure if the reflectors are different -RRB- . So I went to the Mag Instrument web site , and they say that these ` internal parts ' are not ` user serviceable ' . That , along with a serial number for a small flashlight , is utterly pretentious . Very disappointing . I 've always liked Mag products , but these were duds -LRB- they were used so little that the cases do n't have a scratch on them -RRB- . I 'm willing to pay extra for quality products , but these unfortunately do n't qualify .
 My LED2A failed , as did for many others . If your job or security depends on a flashlight , DO NOT PURCHASE IT.Do not be impressed by the design . The innards are junk .
 horrible battery life . I put top of the line batteries in this flashlight and it lasted maybe one week . I used this flashlight for about 2 mins , once a week , and the battteries would die . Do Not Recommend
 I bought this flashlight after seeing all the advertising for Maglite . What a disappointment ! It is small and puts out maybe 20 lumens of light , if that . The lumens are so low that Maglite never even lists the lumens on any of its products , unlike its competitors.This thing might make a decent booklight but that is not what I bought it for . For the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer I could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
 I bought this thinking it was one of the nice law enforcement grade holsters . I was wrong . This is a cheap made in china piece . The leather is not high quality at all , the ring is made of HOLLOW PLASTIC NOT METAL ! The snap is also made of plastic . I gave it two stars because one , I know it will break soon , two , it is not what I wanted , and three it is not maglite quality . I have 7 maglites , all of which I have bought from the maglite dealer on amazon . I have never been unsatisfied by the dealer here , or the maglite brand . I am suprised .
 I bought this flashlight after seeing all the advertising for Maglite . What a disappointment ! It is small and puts out maybe 20 lumens of light , if that . The lumens are so low that Maglite never even lists the lumens on any of its products , unlike its competitors.This thing might make a decent booklight but that is not what I bought it for . For the same price at this over-hyped , underperformer I could get a flashlight 5x as powerful !
 Why cheat your customer with such a high price , -LRB- nearly double -RRB- ? And then try to suggest that is is actually one-half off ? Would it not make more sense to price them in accordance with the normal marketplace and point out the virtues of the camo to hunters , campers , etc ? Count me out .
 It arrived today -- ca n't turn it on . Pricey too for such a little thing ! REFUND
 I can not rate this item because I did not get my package ! I ordered it 18 days ago and it did have tracking info for the first few days . Now it 's tracking info is unavailable and I have no clue where it is ! Now thanks to Amazon not knowing where my product is , I am now very upset ! I WOULD BE CAREFUL ORDERING THIS ITEM YOU MAY NOT GET IT !!
 After purchasing this item online , i went to wholesale store like costco and i saw that a Mag Instrument pack of 1 Big torch -LRB- A size -RRB- and 1 -LRB- AA size -RRB- torch just cost around $ 13.99
 Irwin owns Vise Grip . I expected to receive a set of Vise Grip labeled Unibits , but instead I received Irwin labelled Unibits . What is the difference ? I expect to receive items as advertised , not substituted with a different brand name . The name and picture says Vise Grip , not Irwin . This is misleading.GM own Chevy . If I go into a Chevy dealership and order a custom Chevy pickup , I do n't expect to receive a GM pickup .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I do n't understand why anyone raves about this . It 's extremely heavy , not very bright , has a large central black spot , casts very uneven light , lights up only a small area . Yes , it focuses and can shine a spot a fair distance , but it wo n't help you walk in the dark or search an entire room quickly . Buy The AMAZING 95 LED Aluminum Flashlight instead !!!
 While the quality of the build of this instrument is top notch , the technology is outdated . Several companies have improved the beam quality , bulb life and electrical reliability of similar products . Solid state technology -LRB- LED light -RRB- has made the standard D-cell light a dim unreliable unit . The company has rested on it 's laurels for too long . Other companies have made brighter smaller longer life units in standard bulb -LRB- incandescent -RRB- and solid state -LRB- LED -RRB- formats for a number of years now . See companies like Streamlight , SureFire , Brinkmann and search for `` LED Flashlights '' for the whole array of new technologies.Most of my Mag Lights have been retired in favor of LED technology lights with comparable output plus extended battery life and bulbs that last for 50,000 plus hours . Mag faces the risk of becoming the 8-track version of the flashlight in my opinion .
 heavy , weak , and not luminous , I would count it as a bad experience , plus it consume a lot more light than LED 's
 I ordered two of these cabinets to go on our new garage wall system . The first two cabinets arrived dented . The shipping container supported the cabinet with styrofoam on the corners only inside a rather thin cardboard box . The tape on the seams had come loose , the cabinet had shifted out of the corner support , and the cardboard box was thrashed during the shipping process . Amazon quickly sent out two replacement cabinets . They were dented in the same way as the first two cabinets . We decided to go with another vender
 I purchased 4 of these cabinets for my garage but left them unopened in their packaging until I could get around to my garage renovation . When I got around to opening the well insulated boxes I discovered that two of them had dents in the bottom edge . The dents actually originate out from the inside of the cabinets so it could n't have been damage from shipping . Also , the black `` hammered granite '' coating that they spray on the cabinet was undamaged meaning that the dents must have occurred prior to the coating application . I emailed gladiator customer service about the damage and was told that they would replace the damaged parts at no cost and to call their phone line to get them ordered . Unfortunately when I called them they proceeded to inform me that there was nothing they could do . Its extremely irritating that I purchased brand new cabinets only to discover that they 're damaged and gladiator wo n't stand by their product . The cabinet themselves look great and I 've received several compliments on them . If you order some just hope that yours do n't arrive damaged .
 I ordered six of the 24 '' Gladiator cabinets along with one of these 30 '' units . My experience with these has been absolutely horrible . You will not find a more inept packaging engineer than the one employed by this manufacturer . I can only hope they have long since been terminated and the product I received was simply left over inventory . So far I have returned 4 of the smaller cabinets for significant damage in shipping and I nearly returned this 30 '' unit but was convinced to keep it for a discount . Part of me wishes I would have returned it but after receiving 2 replacement small cabinets damaged worse than the originals I guess I 'm glad I took the discount.If you can find these at a local store I 'd highly recommend you avoid buying them over the internet . Hoping you get Gladiator cabinets shipped to you in one piece is a huge role of the dice . If you do n't have time to deal with returns and exchanges , you may want to evaluate your priorities and find a different cabinet .
 The Amazon Description says : Part Number
 I was extremely dissapointed because I ordered a purple Mag 2-D flashlight and you sent me a blue one . I still want a purple one if you have any of them . I sent the blue one back and I think you credited my credit card . I still want a purple 2-D flashlight and would appreciate your contacting me if it is available . The internet said that it was.I also ordered a purple Mag 3-D and I received it and I love it !!! It is totally awesome !!!! Took it on vacation with me in the van and it came in handy more than once !!!! Thank You ~ !! Thank You !!! Thank You !!! Janet J. Southards
 My brother bought this exact flashlight for me for Christmas . I kept it in its packaging until last night , when severe storms hit Northern California , and our house blacked out in the middle of the night . I fumbled around until I found it , popped three brand-new D-Cell batteries into it ... it blinked on briefly , and then would not work any more . I used a $ 2 plastic flashlight until the power was restored , and then investigated the MagLite this afternoon . It has some sort of short in it , where it will work as long as I do n't screw the back cap in , but when I do and the metal pieces contact , it shorts out.What 's sad is that when I was a kid , MagLites were the gold standard for flashlights . The local sheriff always used them . After what happened last night , I spoke to a deputy I work with , and he confirmed that then new MagLites are pieces of mass-produced junk . They feel like the old MagLites but are not well-made . He recommended I buy what he uses , which is the Pelican 7060 or a Streamlight . They are much more expensive , but I have already bought one . I ca n't afford to have a bad flashlight in a blackout again ...
 Maglites were once considered the best of the best , but that was over 20 years ago . The Surefire and Streamlight brands are quickly becoming a favorite of Law Enforcement Officers . Mags are just too big , too heavy and too dim . Get yourself an Arc or Surefire instead
 No Maglite product can get a `` no star '' rating - they are very well built . However , if you want the best ultra-compact light , you need to look to the Photon Microlight or the ARC AAA light . They use LED 's , and give , for all practical purposes , the same amount of light for many , many hours more than the AAA Maglite .
 This is easily the worst product Maglite has ever produced . It 's bright allright -- right out of the package . Carry it a few days on your keychain , and the output is dim and flickery . Reseating the tail cap gets rid of the flicker , but you have to do it every time you want to use it . And it stays dim . My advice
 This flashlight design is more than ten years old . The biggest improvement in that time -LRB- as for all maglites -RRB- is the range of colors on offer . Otherwise all the torches are pretty much the same . Meanwhile , the rest of the world has moved on with brighter bulbs , shockproof designs , better battery life.So while this was once cool , now it is just another torch in a pretty color . The light is dim , has funny shadows in the beam , and the bulbs break.I 'd recommend looking at a different torch , e.g. the ARC AAA .
 As a keyring flashlight the Solitaire could hardly be worse . The light quality is terrible . It does look nice , though .
 Poor beam , not even and weak . Twist to open/off . Seems difficult to turn it on/off with one hand . I do n't think in an emergency everybody can have both hands to turn this flash on . When you get a focused beam then the head can pop off to become a candle light . I do n't like this idea.High price , low run time . Different color got different price . Ridiculous!I want to use it to to light up the laser marked chips . It did the job poorly even my $ 1 cheap flash from Fry 's can light up the laser mark for me to read . I 'm really disappointed and do n't know how to deal with it.Ben
 It is well built like a maglite should be and well that is where it stops.The light would great for filming a horror movie as it dim and does not light much at all.A candle and my cell phone put out more light.Maybe for a and extreme emergency backup , but can not see well with it and others can not see.The light should be LED and most likely would be better .
 I 've had my maglight for a few years , but I 'm upgrading to LED . My maglite barely produces enough light to see anything . Very disappointing , especially for the premium price and marketing hype .
 I bought this small flashlight , as I wanted something small but with the power , durability , and endurance of an LED bulb . I purchased this product because it said `` BULB TYPE '' was LED . Well , I took it out of the package , and that 's when I noticed that it was infact an incadescent bulb , not an LED one . The power output is a fraction of what the same flashlight would offer if it was LED.Before bying this , I wanted to make sure it was the right one on MagLite 's website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . It sure seemed that way to me , considering the bulb type is very clearly listed as LED.So , if you want an LED flashlight , get something else - this is not one of them . This is a relatively useless flashlight , and I could n't be any more disappointed with it .
 The Solitaire is relatively well built , but the poor beam makes it useless . Its not bright even with fresh batteries , and it QUICKLY dims . There is almost no sidespill , even when adjusted to wide beam . It eats up batteries , and has very poor beam quality.This is the only Maglite model that I rate as below satisfactory . It flat out fails.There are better options out there . Arc flashlights are very bright for their size , reliable , and have a good beam . They use LED bulbs that never burn out . Plus , they are semi-regulated so that they maintain their brightness for longer periods than the Solitaire . Other pocket lights worth looking at are Photon Microlights and the CMG Sonic -LRB- both use LED bulbs -RRB- . Shop around , decide what works best for you and is in your price range.That said , I can not recommend the Mag Solitaire regardless of price . Its poor beam and dim output make it all but useless .
 The Mag-Lite Solitaire is well designed and well made but simply is n't bright enough . However , if all you use a flashlight for is looking for your keys under the seat of your car or assisting with reading menus , it may be OK . It has a sleek design , and it 's appeareance wo n't draw attention on a keychain . It functions like any other -LRB- large -RRB- mini mag light , by twisting the end where the light comes out to turn it on and off . Change the battery by unscrewing the other end . A spare bulb is concealed within the end cap.Pros : - It 's small.-it 's well made , with all components fitting together smoothly , and a clean simple appearence.Cons : - it 's just not that bright . Some of the newer LED flashlights are of a similar size but much brighter.Overall , I 'd have to give this one a pass , unless I developed a fetish for small , well designed gadgets -LRB- like watches , watches are SOOO cool ! and miniature sextents , those things are SOOO neat ! -RRB- . OK , so I have this fetish , and this would explain why I have a Solitaire in my toolbox .
 I have 2 of these and dont like them.you have to turn the head too many times to get to the proper beam for general lighting.I highly recommend you get the next model up . `` Mini Maglite '' that takes 2 AAA 's is the best , best lighting and not too big or small.I have 3 of them , love them.ran over one and it still works great.I have 1 of the 2 AA model which is the next size up.Just like the next size smaller its horrible.Good luck!Also , Maglite is the best you can buy period , do not be cheap and try other brands you 'll be let down , soon !
 there is not much to say about this light , it seems to be good quality and nice constuction on the outside but the light britness itself is absolutly terrable , its seems to be anywhere from 1-2 lumens horrable light output -LRB- get a fenix ldo1 same size and uses the same batery and 72 lumens -RRB-
 I have a Surefire G2 nitrolon and a this maglite.Let me tell you the surefire weighs like 4 ounces while it is almost 5 '' long.The 6D cell maglite costs $ 27 but it is so long like a foot and a half.The huge maglite also weighs a good 4 or 5 punds to.Also the surefire is much much brighter than the maglite and it throws farther.Surefire is $ 32 the mag is $ 27 yur choice but just look at the benefactor of the surefire .
 I own three of these . Only one is still functional . One was defective from day one . An embarassingly shoddy product . Avoid .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 The quality is great and it 's easy to operate . I bought a couple of these as keychain lights . However , the light output even with a fresh battery really is n't sufficient for my use .
 Technology is a marvelous thing . I remember when the Pentium 4 processors were the end-all be-all of personal computing power . I remember when six megapixels in a camera was a `` whooooooaaaa '' moment.Things change , and this is especially true of electronics.We 've had LEDs for years , but until the past few years they had been destined to serve their place as tiny indicator lights . Well , that has changed . Big time.LED technology is now advancing at a pace comparable to the PC boom of the early 2000s . LEDs are getting brighter , more efficient , and much cheaper to produce.The history : I have a 1977 Eveready `` Little Commander '' flashlight that runs on a single AA battery and puts out what I guess to be about .5 lumen . I bet you that was great back then . The Maglite Solitaire puts out a recorded 2.3 lumens , which can be focused or spread out.The product : The Maglite was the standard of excellence for years , both with law enforcement and in the home . They 're tough , bright , and dependable . The same is true of the Solitaire -LRB- although on a much smaller scale -RRB- . My Solitaire is about seven years old , still on the original bulb -LRB- the exception , not the rule judging by the other reviews -RRB- , is still water resistant , still has great connections , and is still solid as a rock.It has , however , gotten a bad rap due to newer , brighter , and more efficient lights which have come out recently.The competition : Fenix - E01 , L0D , LD01 ; 4Sevens - Preon I ; etc.These are lights that operate on a single AAA battery just like the Solitaire , but offer much higher lumen counts -LRB- 10 ~ 90 -RRB- , much longer runtimes , and a much more robust light source -LRB- LED vs. incandescent -RRB- . My Fenix E01 throws 10 lumens for 10 hours , with an additional 10 hours on a low-power mode . The Solitaire throws 2.3 lumens for about ... well , 2.3 hours.Maglite as a company has rested on their laurels for too long and have become complacent in the ever-growing marketplace . They have a few LED adaptations of their classic lights , but it seems like they 're considering this whole LED revolution a `` fad '' that people will grow out of . `` They 'll get tired of the cool-hued , cold and sterile look of the LEDs ... `` Not gon na happen.This is not to say that incancesdents do n't still have a place.I still use my Solitaire to read at night so as to not disturb my wife.It is a bit overpriced for what it is compared to others in the marketplace , but it is still a quality light that will be dependable . -------- UPDATE -LRB- 6/4/11 -RRB- -------- The original title of my review was `` 4 stars 5 years ago , 3 stars today '' . Well , I can say that it 's dropped down a star . There are a plethora of single AAA that outshine the Solitaire in all areas , including output , runtime , versatility , and durability.Even though my Solitaire is still reliably pumping out its 2.3 lumens , it 's been outshined -LRB- ha -RRB- by my other single AAA lights .
 I bought one of these units many years ago , and there was a problem with it after a couple months -LRB- I did n't even use it that much -RRB- . The problem was with the switch ; it does n't come on right the way , and I had to try it a couple more times before it works . I thought that was just a defected unit , so I bought another one 5 years ago . The same thing happened again . Do n't let the name Maglite fool you ; this one is a `` LEMON '' with a capital L . In addition , incandescent flashlights are outdated anyway , so do n't waste your money . I tried other brands like Coast and Fenix ; they are about the same size as the Solitaire but w/LED ; much brighter and more power efficient .
 I am the IT person for my company and I needed a small light to carry every day for work . I wanted something cheap -LRB- admittedly , I am prone to losing things -RRB- , small and that used a readily available battery . The maglite fit all three of those criteria BUT the light output of this particular flashlight is so poor that it is basically useless for me . The only time it works is if you are in complete and utter darkness and even then it is marginal at best . I have used it at night to light up the sidewalk between my house and garage while I walk and I have actually still tripped over stuff . The battery life is very poor and even with a fresh battery the light output is still very dim . I am a huge fan of Maglite products and I own several other versions of their flashlights . The other lights have been fantastic and have held up to much abuse on my part . The solitaire seems to be durable but the performance is so lacking that I can not recommend it to anyone . Other flashlight companies make lights that are much better in comparison . Why ca n't Maglite make a competitive product in this size ?
 Are you thinking of buying this product ? Be careful ! This product does not use a LED light bulb though the description says it does.I ordered this product because I believed the description was right but I found it was wrong when I received the product . So I asked Amazon to replace it but they sent me the same product . The same product using an old type bulb ! Though I asked them to send me a product using a LED light bulb , they did n't care about the bulb at all.I am very sorry I ca n't say that Amazon.com is a reliable seller any more .
 Replaced all my mini-mag and large mag lights with Fenix and Pelican LED lights . Mags are behind the curve . The difference is amazing when you compare a Fenix 1 AAA cell light against a mini mag . You may as well not have a light if you are using the mini mag .
 The lifespan of this poor thing as the companion to the spare house keys can be measured in decades . True , it is durable and tough . Recently , my LED keychain light died , so I decided to take up this poor , taken-for-granted thing on my keychain to take to work daily.What a piece of junk . The light it gives is truly weak and pathetic , even with a brand new battery ; there was not one task I gave it that it did even passably well at . After a few uses , I felt like throwing it onto the freeway for many cars and trucks and big rigs to run over and gloriously destroy.Do not buy this thing for any use under any circumstances .
 I guess I 'm used to LED technology at this point ... this light seems well built -LRB- which is why I am giving it 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- , but the bulb is super dim compared to my cheaper LED flashlights , and when you widen the beam the light is very uneven . It just eats up batteries . I wo n't be buying any more flashlights that use incandescent bulbs .
 I love MagLite flash lights . They are the best . I bought this particular one for the clip show in the photo . It looked like it would clip and unclip to my key rings for easy changes . I was quite disappointed when the flashlite came with just the standard key rings . You can actually buy this standard flashlite at Lowes Home Centers for less than available from Amazon . The products and product descriptions should match what is sent .
 I still do n't understand how Maglite can make such GREAT flashlights , and yet make a horrible single cell key chain flashlight . I have used Maglite products for years . They are incredible sturdy , and yet beautiful to behold ! I 've tried to tell them , but they do n't seem to listen , or care . I keep buying them , thinking they 'll get better , but they do n't . Like others have said , they are n't very bright and they use power rapidly . And they flicker . I really do want a small flashlight for door locks and the like , but this definitely not it . DO BETTER , MAGLITE !
 I normally find Amazon ratings on a product useful . I bought this based on the high ratings of these reviewers you see here . Unfortunately these reviews did not at all match my experience . There are a few reviews indicating the weakness of the beam . These are the valid reviews after my testing for the last two moths . I replaced the packaged batteries originally thinking that no flashlight would have such a weak beam . You turn the tip of the light to turn on and off - you can focus the beam by turning it further , but at no time is the beam of sufficient power . I have used smaller flashlights with far stronger luminance .
 I have purchased THREE of these . Each one eventually , somehow , unscrewed in my pocket or purse and all I had left was the cap attached to my keys.The larger one I 've had in my car for FIVE YEARS . It 's excellent and I only changed the batteries ONCE and that was because I thought of it -LRB- but it was still bright -RRB- . Do yourself a favor ; buy the larger one instead of multiple tiny ones . Maglite is a great product , but they slipped with this one . YOU MAY REALLY NEED IT SOME DAY !
 These are cheap , but the bulbs are very dim and prone to breaking . I 'd carry one in my pocket , but every time I came to use it I 'd find that the bulb had gone . There are much better lights out there - some of the best are made by ARC .
 This is the second Maglite key-chain light I 've owned . Having been impressed by the quality of Maglite 's full-sized flashlights , I thought the key-chain lights would be equally well-designed and of similar quality . I was wrong . Twice . The first time I bought one of the key-chain lights it would get turned on while in my pocket due to the normal jostling around and the batteries would be wasted quickly . I 'd have to keep changing batteries . It seems this is a minor engineering problem and could be easily fixed -LRB- such as by requiring more force to turn it on -RRB- . The product also stopped working after only a couple of months . Like a fool , I bought another one a few years later only to have the exact same problems.Fool me twice , shame on me but I wo n't be fooled a 3rd time with this product .
 Great flashlight , nice and compact so ideal for what I purchased for.Despite the specs on the page I order from , the bulb is not led , which came as a bit of a disappointment , further reading after it 's arrival shows solitare is apparently not listed as an led model on maglites website!Be Warned !!
 Bought this at Walmart for around 7 or 8 bucks , I was exited to add this to my growing collection of camp supplies . It goes without saying that i quickly ripped the package open and put this sucker on my keychain . With it 's compact size , and a name like maglight -LRB- The best name in flashlights ! So ive heard from so many people so many times ... silly gullible me ! -RRB- , i thought i had a keeper ! And then i tried it . Intial thoughts , i was embarrassed to have this on my keychain . It had a solid build and sleek design , but functioned as if it were a child 's toy . Extremely dim , mustard yellow light . Using it on a camp trip , it held up very poorly , the light simply got dimmer . Very fast . Lost something in the grass on your campsite at night ? You would be better off using a cell phone 's back light to aid you . I wish i was kidding , but the dim beam of the solitaire was inferior . I recently discarded this trinket , the batteries died out fast and I had zero interest in replacing them . Picked up a fenix pd20 not too long ago , and money well spent . I can have this on my person and know i have a bright , reliable tool . The maglight solitaire will never be able to provide such a role . It is simply inferior on every level . Do some research , look around , there are MANY lights just as compact that can provide you with nearly 100x -LRB- literally , this thing is barely over 2 lumens ! -RRB- the lighting capability as this fashionable keychain accessory . Happy hunting ! -LRB- i suggest looking for fenix lights , their quality is simply superior , and for an extra 20 or 30 bucks , its a great value -RRB-
 What a waste of money . This is NOT an LED light , and does not come close to the performance of an LED light at half the price ! Guess we 're paying for the name and the lifetime warranty . This one will easily last a lifetime , sitting unused in a drawer . Bought it for my medical career wife -LRB- she likes purple -RRB- but it is clumsy for her to turn on , concentrate the beam , then turn off with one hand . Bought her a 99-cent tear-drop shaped keychain LED light on a whim and its perfect . Brighter and easier to use , replaceable battery , and 1/7 the cost . I really expected more from this company , but both this light and their customer perspective are obsolete . No complaint with the quality of construction . Solid aluminum and O-rings as usual . Just has the minor flaw of casting a weak and scattered beam , way below the performance of modern LED technology . The light is yellow and full of shadow artifacts that prevent a clean illumination . Not a good buy ; do n't repeat my mistake !
 I gave this 2 stars because it is a nicely built flashlight . However , it is a flashlight , and the purpose of a flashlight is to shine light onto things so you can see ... at this , the Solitaire performs poorly.Even with a fresh battery , it have a weak beam . It 's simply not worth it , even for half the price . It just does n't work well as a flashlight.I 've had this light for 5 years now , and I 've never used it because it 's so bad . It 's the only flashlight I own that I do n't use . Thankfully , it was only a Christmas gift .
 I bought this flashlight at a hardware store , along with a handful of on/off switch keychain LED lights , $ 1.99 each . The keychain hardware for the LED lights failed instantly , but their plastic shells are rugged , and the quality of their LED light is vastly superior to that of the Maglite Solitaire . Vastly . Go into a dark room , try both , and wonder what you could possibly have been thinking . There 's a lesson here.I 've always loved the physical form of a Maglite , which has sentimental value to me . They could chase this brand loyalty to my grave , but it appears they wo n't even try . Maglites have wonderful designs , even if their bulk -LRB- of even this tiny representative -RRB- has become a conceit . However , their technology has passed the way of buggy whips.I have a mix of incandescent , fluorescent , and LED lights in my home , and for home lighting the transition is still tricky . Portable lighting is an entirely different story . This Maglite bulb is antiquated ; we are way beyond the transition point . They can manage to sell these to people who buy this era of technology out of habit , like the phone company with their POTS lines , but if Maglite does n't quickly adapt , they 'll become a brand grampa remembers.There is an LED kit for this light . Read the reviews ; it does n't fit.Update
 This item took over 2 1/2 weeks for delivery and did not come with the component pieces -LRB- foot plate , blades and blade guide as shown in the picture . When you go to the Bosch web site it specifically said it does not come with the pieces and needs to be ordered seperately . Amazon needs to do the same thing
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 This night light claims to have an extra outlet . It does have an outlet built into it , so you might think `` Wow , a night light and I can still use both outlets '' . However , the device covers both outlets of a standard Duplex outlet , so you gain nothing by using it . Quite a neat scam by GE - there is nothing `` extra '' about the built in outlet .
 This piece is not working at all
 The product is not at all worth looking at . With great expectation from Westinghouse , I bought this item but didnt even work . Please dont spend a minute on this product . High time Westinghouse raise up their quality and service
 I bought this item with the hope of putting it up on 200 houses in our condiminium complex . It went to a review of the Board and the comments I got were not very good on the looks of the item . The size , price , and numbers are perfect but the look is not . Can it be made just as a plain sign without all the decorations on it ? I have been working on this project fo 2 years trying to find something suitable for our houses.PLEASE HELP ME FIND SOMETHING !!!!! Thank you .
 Received item with fully charged batteries . I thought this to be strange as it usually requires a full charge cycle before it can be used.After I installed the product in the late afternoon it worked great all night . However the next day after a full day of sun the LED light only came on for less than 1 hour . Being an electronic engineer I decided to troubleshoot the problem and discovered that one of the two solar cells was only putting out .5 volts . .5 volts is not enough voltage to charge a 1.5 v battery . Looking at the connection to the solar cell it appears that someone had tried to do a repair but was unsuccessful . Do to the design of the product the cell can not be replaced.I would not recommend this product until an improved Quality Control check was performed before it is shipped .
 All plastic and no stake or way to place near the ground , this house sign is not likely to last long . The solar light worked -LRB- after charge -RRB- in the product I received . It does allow someone to see my house number in the dark from the street , but I 'm not sure it is worth the money given the cheap plastic look of its design . Overall , very disappointed . Paid $ 20 on Friday .
 PURCHASED THIS ITEM AND NEVER PERFORMED THE WAY IT SHOULD HAVE ... DOES NOT STAY LIT , EVEN AFTER CHARGING ALL DAY ... I EVEN REPLACED THE BATTERY WITH A NEW ONE ... STILL NO CHANGE ... I DO NOT RECOMMEND PURCHASING THIS ITEM .
 I bought two of these for my house and a rental I have . I had a lot of trouble getting them to work but they both did for about a month . Then the one on the rental stopped lighting up at night . I am going to try changing the batteries and see if that helps but frustrating that something would quit working that soon . There are other products coming out so will likely wait and try one of those I have seen them on the HGTV channel .
 Unfortunately , the product we broke when we got it . But the company replaced the light - so now I can say the product is fine , but it is always sad to purchase an item and not have it work .
 This book was my first readng on dust collection . My first impressions where very positive because the book was short and clear.However , after building my first dust collection system -LRB- and spending quite some $ $ $ -RRB- following the instructions of the book carefully , I realize to my dismay that my system was not even as efficient as my shop vac . -LRB- I could have bought a shop vac for each of my tool for the price of my installation -RRB- . After reading more litterature on the subject I realized that this book contains a lot of errors and describe system that are appropriate for hooking up 1 or 2 machine sitting next to the dust collector.The numbers describe to estimate the power of your dust collector , the size of your pipes , the CFM requirement of your tools are very underestimated.Some illustration are also showing stuff not to do like having long run of flexible pipe .
 There 's just not enough in this guide to competently set up a system . That said , it will help someone with no idea about dust collection get an overview . What I missed most was how to size the system . If I used what kind of equipment , how much and how simultaneously , then how big a dust collection system do I need ? This book just did n't give me enough .
 Paid a premium for a drill to be pre-attached . The picture clearly shows a Makita drill attached . I have n't even used the mortar gun yet , but I 've used Black and Decker , and would not have paid over $ 100 more if I had known this is what it was going to come with.It looks as though the seller has added the Black and Decker info and a picture of a Black and Decker drill sometime between the time my order was placed and when it arrived.Wondering what other surprises might be in store when I use it .
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 Never received item . Supplier sent other bath lights that were less expensive and wanted me to pay the higher price . VERY disappointed . I suggest you drop this supplier as you still have these lights for sale by them !!!
 After reading all the reviews which talked about the door chime working 75 % of the time and only working within 20ft of the door ... I still decided to risk it and make the purchase . My experience was exactly the same results . Installed ok on our garage-entry door and it worked perfect using outlet 20ft away in hallway ... but when I tried moving it to 3 different outlets at 40ft to 60ft away from the door , I got intermittent results and then next day it stopped working completely . I do n't know why the signal was so weak , since we had no `` interference '' problem . We have Wood frame house and no other radio ways in the house or surrounding us . Finally , I moved back to outlet 20ft way and now it works 90 % of the time . I 'm probably going to send it back to manufacturer with warranty claim ?? but it is time for Amazon to `` drop '' this product , since 50 % of reviews are 2-star or less .
 This item is NOT a doorbell or ringer , where people at your front door push a button to summon you . It is ONLY an entrance alarm/charm , for use in businesses to alert when a customer enters a shop!In the picture , the middle sized item is a sensor/transmitter which you mount on the doorjam and the small one is a magnet , which you mount on the door . When the door opens and they separate , the chime sounds from the large item , which you plug into andescription used the term `` doorbell '' several times , this is not a DoorBell .
 I am very disappointed with this product . It should work up to 100-foot range , but it does n't even work in 50-foot range . Do not buy it , you 'll be very disappointed !
 The minute you move the receiver unit any distance away from the transmitter it fails to work . I was barely able to get it to work when placing the chime unit within 10 feet of the door . -LRB- Certainly not even close to the 100 ft range it advertises . -RRB- Very disappointing . I sent it back .
 I read the description of this product and ordered it thinking that it was a doorbell and also a sensor . It is not a doorbell and Amazon should change the written material about this product . It is not what I wanted at all . Unfortunately I did not read the customer reviews ; if I had I would have noted that another buyer made the same mistake .
 Let me clarify my title by saying that chime and sensors work fine . If you 're going to use this product , you MUST USE THE SCREWS , NOT THE DOUBLE SIDED TAPE.In the morning , I installed the sensor using the included double sided tape to the door and door frame of my business . I plugged in the chime , and successfully tested the unit , up to 30 feet away from the sensor . All would have been fine , except that the double sided tape failed.The poor rating comes from the poor customer service that soon followed afterwards . In less than four hours , I noticed that the double sided tape failed , and one half of the sensor was on the floor . The other half was gone forever , probably kicked out the door by a customer . The adhesive on the double sided tape itself was plenty sticky , as evidenced by the residue left on the door frame . The tape itself separated , causing the sensor to drop.I called customer service to report the problem . They took my information and tole me a replacement sensor was on it 's way . Four weeks later and two follow-up phone calls , I still do n't have a replacement sensor .
 The chime I ordered did not work at all . I opened the package , followed the simple instructions and nothing ! This was a huge waste of my money . This is an item I would NOT recommend . I certainly will not be purchasing any more products from this seller .
 Works fine , short distance from door to chime . Max we could go line of sight was @ 60ft . Problem for us is battery life , the battery in the remote lasts less than a day -LRB- commercial application -RRB- too many customers I guess . Other than that , we liked it .
 I am very dissatisfied.The range is n't close to what it state it to be , the unit has to be plugged in much closer to the door to work . The battery on the remote unit died in less than a week , and you have to special order the battery as the size is not one you can pick up at a local pharmacy or walmart .
 This product worked great for about the first 5 times the door was opened , then it stopped . The lights show that the battery is working properly , but will not chime . The company is a pain to deal with . I have called several times this morning and was on hold for 20 minutes at a time until the line goes dead . I call customer service and they put me through again to Tech . support and get the same treatment . Put on hold until their line goes dead . I 'm very frustrated . Product is going back .
 We have a small retail store and wanted something to alert us when customers entered out store front . This chime worked well for maybe a week . We tried replacing batteries and code pins , but no luck .
 We purchased this door chime for our office front door to alert us when someone walks in . We installed it according to the directions . It worked great for the first two weeks . now it 's chiming is sporadic and sometimes does n't go off . The red light still activates when the door opens , but the chime does n't always go off . I 'm not very impressed , but then again , the chime was inexpensive . Needless to say , we are going to take it down and purchase a better one ...
 This thing only works at about 20 feet -LRB- line of sight -RRB- and doesnt work all the time . I would not suggest this product to anyone
 used in a restaurant and they die after 6 months and u have to get new batteries . THey do not stick well to a door if it has a lot of temperature changes and are just built cheaply . Range is not what it says it is .
 Bought this to replace a cheaper version that had lasted 3 years , but died unexpectedly . Says the range is 100ft , but we 're having problems at about 55 ft that we did not have with the cheaper version . If I had n't destroyed the packaging I would consider returning this . For now , it will do.Edit
 I ordered this unit to replace our broken Radio Shack door chime that served us in a commercial environment for about 10 years and is no longer made . This model was one of the few that had the features that we needed . We needed a door tripped sensor which wirelessly transferrs to the chime back in our offices so we could hear customers comming in to our store . The range is nowhere near the specified number . It works most of the time within about 15ft of the transmitter , but that wo n't work for our application . Even at 15ft it did n't work every time . We 'd have customers standing in the showroom for awhile wondering if there was anybody there . It really sucks pretty bad . I do n't recommend it . It 's not reliable .
 I bought this door chime to let me know when the front door has been opened . Thus allowing me to be aware if my children have opened the door . The chime works great for this reason , and it is loud for me to hear upstairs . However , if a movie is on , or music , or when one of my children or I play an instrument it also goes off . This is very annoying ! Now when I hear the chime I 'm pretty sure it is not from the door being opened . This door chime would only work in a home that is as quiet as a library . I now have to try and find a different alarm that is not sensitive to sound .
 This thing has NOT worked correctly since the day we got it ... It worked on occasion when we first bought it , but what good is that ? NOW , it does n't work AT ALL!Buyer beware - do n't buy it , it 's junk .
 The item shipped quickly and worked well for one week then would not sound tone unless receiver was within 25 feet of sender .
 I purchased a wireless doorbell and had a problem . I called tech support , on my landline phone , for help and they kept me on hold for 45 minutes . While waiting I called on my cell -LRB- not to lose my place in line -RRB- when I reached customer service they said that the tech people were out to lunch . So I went back to the store and got a refund . This is the first and last time I will buy any of their products .
 i knew that this was n't the best item but it was n't the worse either . must have to say i was a little disappointed . the chime unit did n't work at all without any sound . read thru the owners manual . played around w / the jumper settings for about 30 minutes . called tech support the next morning after 8 minutes on hold . tech just took about 30 seconds and said that it is probably defective and to return it back to amazon.com . will see if the new one will fair any better .
 NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE . that is to say , attaching it to an aluminum frame door , as most commercial doors are , renders this POS useless . that is what they 're customer service told me was the reason it chimed for no reason , but does not chime when the door is opened . useless !!
 i do not recomment to buy this item on internet , go to Lowe 's so you can return easier . Mine only last 5 hours then it died . I had to go to Lowes to get the new one .
 This is definite ; y a case where I got what I payed for . The entry alarm only works reliablly if the receiver is less than 10 feet away . The chime has a pause of 3-4 secounds before sound , which ends up scaring people because they are already in the room . Despite having the volume control turned all the way down , it is still very loud which once again scares people.Don ' t buy this its a piece of junk .
 It took me several hours of trial and error , first moving the sensor location on the door and then changing the location of the chime , to finally find a location where the chime would work , even though every location I tried was not more than 30 feet from the sensor.There are two walls separating the sensor from the chime and once I got the chime located properly , it has worked just fine . It was frustrating and I almost sent it back
 The company was great - shipped very quickly , good pricing , good follow up . However , the chime uses a LOT of batteries and goes through them within 10-15 chimes . Great company , sub-par product .
 This is the worst entry chime ! I bought it for my studio and it only goes off when it wants to . On top of that you are unable to install it more than 10 feet away or it does n't work at all . I bought this to replace one that gave me false signals when the cars would drive by , but I think I would rather have false signals than none at all . If you are going to use this for a place of business keep looking . This one is terrible !
 Tried for 20 minutes to get it to work on the door . Never happened . Only holding it in the hand would the sensor work . The distance claimed for sensitivity is not true . Beyond 30 feet in a straight line of sight it never worked . I do not recommend anything that is so hard to install , even if it were to work .
 When I got the productr I was really excited . It worked for about 10 mins then stopped working completly . I am very disappointed with it .
 Bought the transmitter and two receiver units . All were very simple to install and worked perfectly for about two weeks , after which they began to work intermittently . Sometimes one receiver will activate , sometimes both and sometimes neither.I have n't decided whether it is better to have them running , working only approximately every third time , or whether I would prefer not to have them at all ... http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000HE6QXY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 I should have listened to the other bad reviews for this one , but thought we 'd give it a try . First of all , the 100 ft distance is wrong . It worked at close to that , but only when it wanted to it seemed . Definitely does n't register at 100 ft. The other main issue we had with this was it was way too loud , and the button to adjust volume was broken . We had bought a 2nd chime , so we tried that one and even at the lowest volume , it was still way too loud . We wanted this for our office , and there is no way anyone in our office would deal with this loud dinging every time the door opened . Why you could n't adjust it to a quieter setting is beyond me-but this thing only has a couple settings Extremely Loud and then Moderately Loud ! Even if we had gotten the volume setting somehow worked out or it had a quieter setting , the distance was still a big issue for us . We could n't place it in a spot that worked for us since you could only take it maybe 50-70 feet from the door .
 We installed this on a metal door of a retail establishment . Apparently the metal interferes with the radio frequency . We were told to put small pieces of wood between the door and the unit , but it still only chimed about 90 % of the time .
 DO NOT PURCHASE ! I have owned this light string for two weeks , half of the lights are out , and I 've gone all through them to no avail . Save your money and buy a better brand .
 Purchased this item in part for the `` constant on '' feature in which the remaining lights stay lit if one bulb goes out . The string was in place for roughly 24 hours and I arrived home to find 3/4 of the string out . I tried in vain to adjust the nonfunctioning bulbs to get the string to light . I 'm now left with useless trash which , I suppose , I will bundle up and send back to Amazon . Absolutely worthless product and especially galling in light of the `` constant on '' claim , which is absolutely fraudulent .
 I bought three Constant-on sets because I 'm tired of hunting down bad/loose bulbs . Here I thought I 'd just throw away the older sets when they stopped working for any reason . Imagine my surprise when only HALF the string of the third set of `` Constant-ons '' lit up ! Jiggled a lot of the bulbs , reset a few ; NOTHING ! Seems like FALSE ADVERTISING to me . Now I 've either got to return these , or dispose of them . I do NOT like GE .
 They sell these as stand-alone or in their pre-lit trees . Either way , they have a `` current-limiting bulb '' per string that functions as an in-line fuse . When this burns out -LRB- which it frequently does -RRB- , you are punked . It 's not replaceable . Brilliant bit of planned obsolescence .
 These lights burn out quickly ! They are plain junky . Every 50th light bulb has a `` fuse bulb '' -LRB- marked by a white casing the bulb connects into -RRB- that is GLUED into the socket . Once it burns out , the section of lights between it and the next fuse bulb will go completely out . It is not intended to be replaced by the user and does not have an available replacement part . If you try to take the bulb out , it ends the warranty . If this bulb goes out -LRB- and it will much sooner than it should -RRB- and your warranty is over or you messed with the fuse bulb , you are out of luck . You are not going to be able to fix or replace it . This product is a complete waste of money .
 I read in the description that if one light either burned out or became loose , the other lights would stay on . I specifically bought this product based on the description . Well guess what happen . One bulb must have become loose and 50 of the 100 lights went out . Is there a set of these miniature lights that will stay on . This brand will not .
 Disappointed in the GE product of xmas lights that are sold these days . I never had a problem with them over the years , they lasted for multiple holiday years without having to replace them . The last two years I 've had to buy new each year because one or two strands would burn out before xmas . Same thing this year , bought three new strands and the one in the center of the tree burned out xmas morning when the tree lights were turned on . Will never buy this product again , very disappointed . They are NOT &#34; constant on &#34; lights either , half a strand will burn out or three quarters of the strand or the entire thing , awful quality in recent years . Do not recommend at all .
 Purchased a GE pre-lit tree with C-5 constant on lights . All GE pre-lit trees are on the expensive side , but beautiful trees . The lights worked a couple of weeks , then part of a set went out . With a thousand other things on my mind , I purchased more lights and tried to mask the flaw . By Christmas -LRB- about 3 weeks after purchse -RRB- two sets of lights were only half lit . The next year I did n't want to deal with it , so purchased more lights -LRB- definately NOT GE brand -RRB- and a live tree . This year I decided this $ 300 + tree was way too expensive to be a 3-week proposition -LRB- and at that with 1/2 of 2 sets out -RRB- and determined I would use it . Now three sets of the lights are half way out . I have spent at least 4 hours this evening alone trying to get them going . No luck . That is the last GE product I will be purchasing .
 The wireless function is quite poor . I 've tried three sets of these , and had to mix and match pieces to get a pair that works at all . For the pair that works , it works only when the button is within about 8 feet of the bell and the signal does not have to go through any walls besides the exterior wall . And then , the buttons are poorly made and tend to get stuck in a half-way position . The net effect is that when visitors come , it usually does n't work . This is bizarre and unacceptable , for a company that really should know better.The good news is that this model uses real , mechanical bells that sound nice , and it 's very hard to find any model with that feature . That 's the only reason I bought this one . By the way , the batteries last a reasonably long time , that 's not the issue.Bottom line , I am going to have to buy a different model , from a different manufacturer , even if it does n't have mechanical bells , because I need one that actually works .
 Just bought it of H *** D **** and just to make it short ... it is advertise as to reach up to 150 ft. . . lets try 50 and I 'm being generous , I live in a 3 floor building on the 3rd floor . First it sounded in the apartment fine , but when I decided to go downstairs and try where it was suppose to sit , it did n't rang . The I thought well maybe it does n't penetrates to good so I decided to bring it to the window so it will have nothing in between . -LRB- window faces towards the front where the button is to sit -RRB- . So the distance is no more than 50 ft. 3 floor up and that 's it , no turns no walls just the window in between them . And guess what ... . Yeap ... It did n't work ... New Batteries and Nothing ... . Hopefully this will save somebody from waisting some good American dollars on this thing ...
 Not a retro . Every time I pick up the chair to move it the step falls out and you have to put it together when you get it to where you are using it . If the location is n't exact and you need to move it , you get to reassemble it again . The worthless retro step stool sits in the corner of the kitchen , and I go to the garage to get the beat up original chair of my grandma , to use -LRB- that 's a great step stool -RRB- .
 This chair was a booger to put together . It looks reallly cute sitting in the utility room , hiding our hot water heater . I got the yellow one and my front loaders are the ocean blue color . It is n't sturdy at all and I 'd be afraid for anyone to really use it .
 I 'm disappointed with this stepstool . The seat has a warning to not use it for standing upon , and the steps are too narrow even for my small feet . Also , the way the steps store leaves them feeling shaky when I try to stand on them . On the positive side , the color is nice .
 I bought the yellow version of this step stool - my grandma used to have one just like it , or so I thought . This is not the step stool I was hoping for . It 's clunkier , cheaper , and not the same `` shiny '' vinyl that my grandma had . The step stool mechanism on this new one is just cheap plastic that allows the steps to `` slide '' in and out . I had a little bit of trouble putting it together . Oh , and on the instructions , you 're told that you 'll have to periodically retighten the bolts ! What - is this thing going to come apart with use ?!?! Overall , a disappointment and not worth the amount of money I paid for it . Nice idea , but I want the REAL thing , not some cheap imitation .
 This chair was not at all what I thought it would be . I have learned to believe the customer reviews after this purchase ! I should have known that people who take the time to write reviews are either really happy or really disappointed with the product and their opinions should be taken into consideration BEFORE purchasing an item . This chair is cheaply constructed and somewhat difficult to assemble . The end result is an uneven , wobbly chair that is only semi-safe to stand on ! If this is an example of American workmanship , I think we are in real trouble . I would not recommend this chair .
 The stool is not very useful . The seat is too small to sit on for more then a few seconds and the steps are too small to accommodate adult feet . The stool is not worth the price unless one just likes looking at it .
 The parts that were in the box arrived in good condition . However , two side supports are missing . We are n't able to finish assembling the stool . Do I report this to Amazon or contact the company ?
 I am so disappointed ! This chair is very cute in person - however not sturdy . It wobbles like crazy and the steps are very small . Looks like I am going to have to send it back . Was really hoping to have this for my little girl to use in the kitchen with me , however I am afraid she will fall off with all the wobbling . Too bad they do n't make them like they used to !
 I have an old Cosco chair/stool which I have loved for at least 25 years.It 's not `` retro '' and I like it much better . This yellow chair/stool has very narrow steps -LRB- measures an inch or so smaller -RRB- and the stool slides out rather than lifting up and out . If we did n't have to put it together , we would have probably sent it back . We ended up giving it to someone else and I 'm still using my older Cosco chair/stoo .
 We installed this sink in our new laundry room . Initially it looked good , but the high gloss finish wears down quickly and then becomes hard to clean . The side tray is difficult to clean because it really does n't drain back into the sink , and just pools until you soak it up . The integrated washboard sounds good but we never used it and it just made that many more surfaces for dirt to get caught on and more difficult to clean . It has now developed slight crazing and so we are looking to replace it -- wo n't buy this again -- looking for something that wo n't need replacing in 8 years .
 This sink came installed in my new home . I was here at Amazon looking for a replacement . This sink was broken with only 2 years of moderate use . It failed where the faucet attaches to the sink . The sink has broken completely and the faucet is hanging in the holes . This sink was professionally installed . It turns out the material the sink is made from is 1/16 '' plastic.While the drain area was a nice feature -LRB- I kept a scrub brush there -RRB- a better feature would be a sink that does n't break . Unless you want to be shopping for another sink in a few years or enjoy either paying a plumber or installing sinks yourself , I 'd pass on this sink and get something more substantial .
 The plastic polymer used to make this sink needs to be changed . It is of the type that cracks easily under stress and temperature fluctuations . I have had mine for almost 8 hears now and it sees pretty regular use out in our garage . It developed cracks early on the bottom of all places which I had to seal with marine grade epoxy underneath . The shiny finish disappears very quickly and you are forced to clean it with a rough 3m pad to get the stains off . It has hairline cracks all over the place now and needs replacement . I will not buy this product again . It 's gon na be a project to replace this . I wish it was made from a more durable plastic but it 's the hard brittle kind . side does not drain soap dish part just holds water and gets nasty . Would be a great sink if it was more durable
 Not in manufacturer 's box , no parts list , no installation instructions , no information available at Crane Plumbing or American Shower . I think I probably got someone else 's return , so guess where this is going ...
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 For those of you who are unfamiliar with the problematic history of Zinsco electrical panels and Zinsco circuit breakers , let me quickly update you on the performance failure history of Zinsco electrical panels and Zinsco circuit breakers . I live in Davis , California . Numerous large municipal building departments in California have been requiring home owners to remove Zinsco electrical panels and Zinsco circuit breakers from their houses and then install new UL tested electrical panels and UL tested circuit breakers . The problematic design of Zinsco electrical panels and circuit breakers have resulted in a lengthy history of dangerous arcing and overheating where the circuit breaker makes electrical contact with the electrical panel bus bar . The Connecticut Electric Zinsco compatible circuit breakers sold on Amazon.com are not UL tested . The circuit breakers I ordered from amazon.com were delivered today . I am extremely disappointed with the quality of the circuit breakers . They do not positively reset when you turn the circuit breaker switch to the `` off '' position , as they should . My suggestion would be to purchase the Zinsco circuit breakers from a local supplier , so you can inspect and test the circuit breakers before you leave the store . There is a great deal of online literature concerning the performance failure history of Zinsco electrical panels and Zinsco circuit breakers . Do your homework before making your purchase . You may save the life of your self and your loved ones !!
 When I originally purchased this tape I was admittedly unaware of the range of fine line tapes out there . Once it arrived it worked OK the first time I used it , but immediately started to warp and fold around the reel it came on . This warping caused the edges to crinkle and essentially make the tape useless.After taking a trip to my local painters supply store I got a better look at the range of products out there . I learned that the leading edge of your fine line tape is everything when it comes to painting strait lines . Sadly this tape did n't even compare to `` the real '' line of 3M fine line tapes.Don ' t waste your money on this . Buy the dark blue or lime green 3M fine line tapes . The quantity is double and the quality does n't even compare to this crap .
 For some reason when you search for `` black scotchlite '' whether by google or on Amazon you get taken to this item . As others have said , there is no mention of it 's reflective properties on the packaging or marketing -- this is no accident . The product may be many things but I would n't consider it at all reflective . For those seeking a decal , it 's probably worth 3 or 4 stars , for those seeking reflectivity I give it no stars .
 I bought this to have a set of quick change drill bits for use in a manual hex drive handle . Great for drilling holes in P/C boards and deburring holes in metal drilled with an electric drill.It clearly states in `` What 's in the Box '' -LRB- 14 -RRB- 1/4-inch Hex Titanium Drill Bits . Well I 'm afraid not !! The only hex drive bits in the set I received were the 5 paddle bits . So this 71 piece quick-change set is actually a 52 piece quick-change set and 19 pieces that you have to chuck up the old method.I gave this a two Star rating because it does have a neat little carrying case , and the quick change sockets might come in handy . Since I already have a drawer full of crap , like those driver bits , I 'll probably never get around to testing these .
 Lots of bits , but cheaply made . I used a small bit and it broke on the 5th hole I was drilling . It 's inexpensive , so not worth returning , but not a quality product .
 I 'm sure on paper this entire outfit looked good but it reality ... junk ! The case is handy and I will probably use it to fill with bits that are worth a % & # $ * . The driver bits are complete junk . Burned then out in no time at all . Drill bits are ... eh ... so so . Just save your money and put it toward a set that will last you . Glad I only spent $ 20.00 at Costco .
 I recently purchased this with an 18v Hitachi drill on here . When it came , I was excited . The case design is very cool . But then I began using the drill bits ... They flex like crazy and arent sharp at all . They ca n't go through thin sheet metal and slip in wood . I broke off both allen head driver bits immediately , the torx have held up well though . I have a $ 40 dewalt kit that is 80x nicer than this . Do n't buy this kit . I 'm surprised Hitachi even put their name on this because every other tool I 've used by them was very nice .
 I bought this set for my husband , along with the drill . Amazon was suggesting that the two worked together , so I thought the set with additional options would be nice to add to the gift.NOPE !!!!!!!! Because of the configuration , you can not insert the majority of the bits into this drill.Don ' t buy this set to use in conjunction with the drill they say it works with.IT DOES NOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I just received this 71 piece drill/driver set by Hitachi and none of the drill bits are quick change . Do not be deceived by the picture clearly showing otherwise.http : / / www.amazon.com/Hitachi-728704-71-Piece-Drilling-Driving/product-reviews/B000LEJGM8/ref=dp_top_cm_cr_acr_txt?ie=UTF8&showViewpoints;=1
 I usually never write reviews but I hope no one else buys these also thinking they are 1/4 hex shank bits . The image and description are not the same as to what I received . I did receive a 71 piece set but they were not 1/4 hex shank and therefore would not work with my driver which has a 1/4 hex chuck . Retuned it for a refund and gon na find a different set.Update ** 2/6/11
 The first time I used a phillips bit , it broke off at an angle . I have never had a bit do this before . It did n't strip , it just broke from being made from cheap material . The case folds up , but it 's hard to close . The cheap hard plastic latches have to be just right for it to close . Cheap bits , cheap case ... . I want my money back
 As someone else commented previously the drill bits are standard round ones , not 1/4-inch hex . It would be fine if the package included a 1/4-inch hex chuck adapter but it does n't . Did n't have a chance to test the quality of the other parts since I 'm returning it .
 Bits are difficult to remove from storage and will not stay in the bit holder . Would not recommend .
 I received a rong item , the one you send to me , is similar but not the same in the picture.THANKS.El articulo que recibi es similar pero no es el mismo de la foto , es posible que se equivocaran en la referencia.GRACIAS
 This is a mediocre push stick with a docking station that is totally useless . There are other push sticks available that do a much better job .
 Interesting . My experience with this item is the opposite of the previous reviewer.My light -LRB- with a replaceable battery -RRB- does n't have a switch or toggle to keep it on when I need the light for more than a few moments . Having to keep squeezing the light to keep it on makes it only good for spotchecking - and then the ultrabright LED kills your night vision.Are there different versions of this item being shipped out randomly ? Poor inventory control !
 Nice light until you need to replace the battery - just try to put it back together so that it works .
 The light itself is okay . Small slide switch to turn it on and off . The beam is rather nice and tight , and I 'd estimate it at 12 lumens . The problem is the case ; it 's too flimsy . I 've had three of these , and all three have failed . One was attached to the zipper on a jacket , and the case separated in half . One half was still on my jacket , but the half with the LED and electronics was gone . Two others had the same problem , but the attachment arm was completely broken . I ca n't recommend this product , despite the good beam . Too many failures to be any good ...
 We just took down our 3rd copy of this in 3.5 years for failing battery alarms . The company sent replacements but why bother . I 'm going to buy another brand .
 This item was purchased and installed on Sep 2008 , and stopped working slightly more than 4 years later , even though the product stated it is supposed to work for 10 years . It was over-reactive to cold temperature in the room -LRB- below 60 F -RRB- or hot humid air coming indoors during summer days . When food was burning on the stove , and smoke filled the entire house , it stayed remarkably calm and assured that such `` nuisance '' is not worth reacting too . What a waste of money !
 The very first line of the instruction manual states that the battery is non-replaceable , a point that First Alert makes several times throughout their packaging . This is a benefit ? In fact , the manufacturer goes as far as to say the battery is not even removable . So if the battery does n't live as long as they claim , their advice is throw the whole alarm in the trash . That sounds pretty environmentally irresponsible to me . Or if something goes wrong and the `` silence '' button fails to operate , you ca n't shut it off by removing the battery . This is a benefit?From first impression ... the old-school hard to open clamshell case , complete with sharp plastic edges , the product does n't say much about a company who wants to compete in the smoke alarm business . Once removed from the case , the negative impressions continue to grow . A major pet peeve of mine is manufacturers who feel the need to print advertising on the front of their products . I 've already bought the product , I do n't need to have garish advertising staring me in the face every time I look at it . It 's another example that First Alert seems to have little understanding how their product will be used , which is in plain view in a home or apartment . This alarm 's post-purchase advertising is probably the worst I have ever seen on any product . In bold dark type -LRB- on a white case -RRB- they have printed `` First Alert ... 10-YEAR SMOKE ALARM with sealed battery ... replace alarm after 10 years ... test weekly ... test/silence '' and then to add insult to injury `` DO NOT PAINT '' . Wow!There is even more information -LRB- seemingly important -RRB- embossed white-on-white around the circumference of the case , yes , including upside-down , including these astounding statements `` Turn off power before removing alarm '' -LRB- how , you might ask , if the power supply is non-removable -RRB- , and `` additional markings on back '' -LRB- where you ca n't see them because you ca n't remove the alarm without turning off the power which ca n't be turned off -RRB- . Really ? Are these people serious about getting into the fire alarm business?Sigh , is there any more bad news ? Unfortunately yes . Once you break the rules and remove the alarm from the mounting ring , you discover that there is NO indicator on the ring pointing to the `` up '' position and that the mounting holes are strangely not top/bottom nor left/right but kind of 2:00 / 8:00 . The only way I could see to mount the alarm `` upright '' is to make a pencil mark on the ring with the alarm still atttached to it , then unscrew the alarm and point the pencil mark toward `` up '' . It makes me uncertain that anyone at First Alert actually mounted one of these things on a wall.I wo n't know for 10 years if the battery lasts as long as they claim , and I wo n't know unless I have a fire if it actually works as intended so no points given or taken away on those scores.Overall the alarm feels extremely cheap , and looks it too . A final observation ... I can see the little metal sensor disk inside and it looks like it is either covered in some sort of powder or its corroded . That does not give me a lot of confidence . Pressing the `` test '' button will only tell me that the battery is working and that the buzzer will sound , it will not tell me if the sensor is capable of sensing smoke.This product is not ready for prime time . 2-stars for the assumption that it will function in an emergency . I suggest you do NOT reply on this as your only smoke alarm .
 Like others , I 've found the claimed 10 year battery life to be quite shorter than advertised . My unit had a date of 2009 . The battery started dying in fall of 2012 .
 Like the subject line says :1 -RRB- 10 year battery # 1 was manufactured in 2007 and died in June 20092 -RRB- 10 year battery # 2 was manufactured in Feb 2009 and died in Jan 2010The first time I 'd take as an exception . The second time means I 'll never buy this again .
 Manufactured apr 2010 battery died apr 2011 . Why was this highly rated by consumer reports?First Alert SA10YR 10 Year Lithium Power Smoke Detector
 Installed 8/1/7 . Chirping on 11/4/12 equals 5 years ... a bit shy of the `` 10 year life '' . Pulled the disconnect switch as instructions indicate , still chirped . Had to hack battery out to make it stop . Oh yeah , also been a full time firefighter for 24 years , we hand out $ 5 detectors that last longer than this ... Junk
 This thing will scream every time you take a shower , not from steam , but from the increased humidity . I had this in a bedroom down the hall from the bathroom . Even if I take a lukewarm shower with the exhaust fan running - the mirror does n't even fog - once I open the bathroom door this thing starts screeching the song of its people . Last night I could smell the neighbor 's barbecue grill - no smoke that I could see - this thing begins screeching . I hit the silence button , keeps screeching , pulled out the disable tab , keeps screeching , pry out the battery - finally stops . In the quest to create a sensitive alarm that awakens you early , First Alert has created a useless thing that constantly screams FIRE ! in innocent circumstances .
 We installed three of these in our home and they have all been defective . All of them have gone off for no reason and the only way to get them to stop is to break the alarm . Do not buy !!!!
 We installed this in our kitchen 3 years ago . Love the look . Just beautiful . For the last 6 months every time you turn on the faucet , water starts pooling around the base of the sprayer attachment.Also have had issues in the past with the sprayer itself . For me this was an expensive item -LRB- $ 400 if memory serves me correctly -RRB- . If I wanted to service it every 6 months then I would have spent $ 250 bucks less and purchased a cheaper faucet.I 'm disappointed . Do n't hate it , but definetly sad .
 in all honesty I have bought different markers from sharpie about 4 seperate times and I am dissapointed every time . Twice the back end exploded and ruined some expensive clothes with permanent marker ink . And the other times they have dryed out in less than a week . I would like to give these a good rating but I just ca n't recommend these to anyone wanting to buy a quality product .
 Well , unless I 'm missing something -LRB- and I do n't think I am -RRB- I ca n't get this adapter to stay on the filter cartridge -LRB- that it is intended for -RRB- . I have solved the problem by having to resort to taping it on , around the edge of the adapter to the filter cartridge . Otherwise , at the slightest accidental brushing of the -LRB- pink -RRB- 2091 filter edge , the adapter with this filter , fall off . Any simillar experiences ? Any suggestions ?
 Do not buy this lamp ! I ordered one and when I took it out of the box , rather than Goofy speaking , it made a bunch of clicking noises . I sent it back for a replacement -LRB- very easy process -RRB- . The second one I received worked for about 2 weeks and now only clicks .
 I ordered these blankets on December 5 . They were scheduled to be delivered between 12/10 and 12/28 , but they never came . I emailed BK Industries TWICE and got no reply to either email . Amazon returned my money with no problems . I did see that other people had problems with this company -LRB- I should n't have bothered ordering from them -RRB- and I urged Amazon to reconsider allowing BK Industries to sell items on their site . I hope they make some changes .
 I orderd these on Dec 6 from BK Industries . They charged my credit card but never sent them . These people are total crooks , do not buy this item from Amazon . Until Amazon can step up and get rid of crooks like these I will never buy anything from any vendor other than Amazon again .
 I 'd rate it if they sent me the item pictured in the advertisement . What I received was something different , made in China Dukal Corp. . Survival Wrap . It appears I am not the only one who was mislead . So the one star is for the seller Medical Products Depot .
 Unless you are a munchkin you will not be able to wrap this completely around yourself . The whole point of a space blanket , which does n't generate any heat of its own , is to keep your body heat from escaping , so you must be able to get a pretty good closure . The more of you that is exposed to the air , the less effective this product will be at doing what it says it does .
 I would love to review this product but ca n't . You see , I never received it . I should have read a few more reviews of BK Industries before I ordered anything from them . They have taken the money for the purchase from my bank account -LRB- debit card -RRB- , but never sent the blankets . I would not recommend buying anything from this company . A bargain is n't a bargain when they ultimately cheat you ! I recommend you buy this product from any company but BK Industries ! Amazon should delete them from their site !
 I ordered them on 12/4/10 for Christmas presents and as of today 1/7/11 , i still do n't have them . I hope to get them before next Christmas !!!!
 where are the blankets ?? never got them in the mail or it was stolen ;--LRB- I have emailed the seller 3 times -- nothing from them at all !!! Im not happy with the seller at all because they never responded ...
 I bought these blankets 2 1/2 years ago and had n't had occasion to use one . It 's a good thing . I opened one today to use as a ground sheet . The reflective lining was missing over most of the blanket , The -LRB- very thin -RRB- film stuck together making it impossible to unfold without tearing . It was completely unusable as an emergency blanket , I 'm glad I checked one . The rest will go in the trash .
 Recommended not to purchase . TH product isnt a very good quality and build type . I returned mine and purchased another one from a local store .
 The product I received was good and adequate but it was not the product offered .
 TO THIS DATE I AVE NEVER RECEIVED THIS THIS PRODUCT !! . THIS IS PAID FOR AND NO NOTICES RECEIVED . PLEASE SEND MY PRODUCT . THESE WERE FOR CHRISTMAS . SUSAN SULLIVAN EMERGENCY THERMAL BLANKETS 4 PACK
 I did not receive the Quake Kare Emergency Thermal Blankets that I ordered . Because I had read from previous reviews that BP Supplies have played Bait and Switch before , I made a screen shot of the order page before I ordered showing that I was being promised , specifically , Quake Kare blankets . These are a well known brand and of very good quality.Instead I receive a cheap , knockoff - Ever Dixie `` no-name '' brand Emergency Blankets from China . I know absolutely nothing about this brand . They 're going in the trash . They look very , very cheap and I sure would n't trust my safety to these , And as I told the representative at Amazon , this Bait and Switch is especially reprehensible on BPs part because these are Emergency supplies and someone could loose their life from using an unknown , inferior or faulty product in an Emergency . This is serious business.For those of you who have been ripped off by BP Supplies before with their Bait and Switch , I would strongly encourage you to report this directly to Amazon . It does n't matter if you just write it in a review that you 've been ripped off . You have to speak with an Amazon rep who forwards that info to the powers that be who determine which companies are allowed to sell on their site . And if enough customers complain , BP Medical Supplies will not be allowed to sell on Amazon 's site and continue to rip off people.For those of you who have never ordered from BP Medical Supplies - STAY AWAY - THEY ARE BAIT AND SWITCH SCAM ARTISTS . I am very disappointed and very , very angry .
 Product received was not Quake Care and it was not made from Mylar . The blankets I received were `` similar '' to the ones pictured .
 I ordered 4 Quake Kare Emergency , Item 3AQK-4P , Thermal Blankets and received 4 EverDixie Rescue blankets . I thoroughly researched the Quake Kare product and am not happy with the substitution .
 Same problem as the other bad reviews . They say you will get Quakecare mylar , but what you get is Everdixie rescue blanket , which is aluminized non-stretch polyester . I just hope they hold up when I really need them . Maybe i 'll use 1 and see how it holds up and update my review if it 's totally horrible .
 The seller seems to be doing this with everyone . They are advertising Quakekare blankets and sending cheeper ones ... total junk . They must think somone wont complain because the price is low .
 This is a cheap item so I ca n't complain too much . The item depicted is the `` Quake Kare '' space blanket , `` Made in U.S.A. '' , with colorful packaging.Some of the reviews said that this type of space blanket was thicker and more durable than the others , so I ordered some . I received a clear plastic package with a small white label stating `` space blankets '' and the Amazon part number . No colorful label , no `` Quake Kare '' , No `` Made in U.S.A. '' . So , I contacted the seller and they said `` This is an item which we team up with Amazon to provide you . It actually ships from their warehouse although we are the seller . Because of this , we have to forward you to Amazon customer service to take care of the issue . `` No joy . Would not order from these guys again . It 's a small item , so it 's not worth packing it up and returning to Amazon .
 Did not receive the premium quality Made in USA `` Quake Kare '' brand that I ordered paid for , I got `` PRIMACARE '' blanket MADE IN CHINA from seller universalmedical instead . Unacceptable bait and switch by this seller . Amazon took it back though .
 This vendor is a total fraud . I never received the items I ordered . I went on their reviews board and it turns out that they are scamming people as a false business . Do not do any business with these criminals .
 I bought two of these to use to measure walking distance , one refuses to measure distance forward but will measure in reverse if rolled backwards -LRB- distance = original # - final # -RRB- . Both are difficult to control . The wheel on the one in working order wore down quickly -LRB- less than 1 mile walked -RRB- . They measure only to 999 feet so I replaced withe $ 25 dual wheel mdeaauring sticks from Lowes .
 I have no complaints about the seller or delivery , they were great , the product however was useless . I was anxious to get started on a home project so I tried it as soon as I received it . I measured the area for my project but the numbers did n't add up . To test it 's accuracy I tried it on an area where I knew the dimensions . It was off by about a third . On closer inspection I saw that the ticker that totals the measurement was sticking as the wheel rolled . I contacted the seller who refunded my purchase price plus shipping with no problem . I tossed the defective gadget . As a side note , it also has a very strong burned rubber smell .
 Product broke after 3rd use -LRB- counter button jammed and wo n't reset counter -RRB- . Paid 7 bucks for it and it did n't last 7 days !!!
 Nice but be aware that the photo color does not appear correctly . Sink is a medium , to medium light forest green .
 A good product however buyer beware!I am a professional Handyman and bought these doors for a client.I ordered 2 Larson Retractable screen doors . One came with all the parts , but one did not have the little bag of installation hardware in the box . The box had never been opened so it must have not been packaged correctly.I called Larson about the parts , but they wanted to be payed $ 50 for these missing parts because I bought it on Amazon!I called the dealer who interceded , and then Larson sent me some parts , however they were for a different door!This is still unresolved , I may have to make the parts myself.I wo n't buy another Larson product again .
 I was very disappointed with this . Anyone with a week of lock picking practice could bypass this in under a minute . First time I opened the box I had it picked about 20sec and I am a definate amateur .
 I tried to use this to replace a Schlage deadbolt since Kwikset is a name I know and this particular item was much cheaper than any Schlage product . However , it did not fit since the locking mechanism was longer than the Schlage . I did not have any tools to drill into the door and therefore I was out of luck . I ended up buying a Schlage deadbolt from a hardware store and paid three times the cost of this.To top it all off , Amazon sent me a USED product with scratches all over the deadbolt from apparently being locked and unlocked hundreds of times . At least someone got some use out of it .
 suxs , sent the wrong product and I lost my job because I did not have the tool on time no buy this
 Mostly plastic . Can be very hard to zero . Lettering too small to read unless you lift it up near your face . Mine broke after a few months of occasional use . If you plan to use more than 10-15 times then you should get something better .
 The packaging was cheap like other people said , but even though the box was smashed up , I got it in one piece and it worked . The only problem is that it 's off by about 6 '' in 20 ' . That 's piss-poor accuracy , and I have to use a correction factor to get ballpark numbers . Spend the extra money on a better product .
 This wheel did n't even make it 3 weeks and the inner wheel and gear connector broke and now the wheel is useless . I would n't purchase another one of these pieces of crap .
 This item is not digital and it quit working after three short days of use . I hope their customer service is better than their product .
 made very cheaply , di n't like it at all , too fragil the only reason i dint return it , i di n't want to loose more time or money on it . even if you were to buy it for a $ 1.00 it would still be to much .
 Poor product , the meter stop working after first week , then the handle just broke . very poor product , very poor ...
 Although I was careful in my attempt to assemble the rack , the dark finish got scratched and the soft metal threads kept mis-threading and stripping . When I finally got the rack assembled -LRB- with only a few threads remaining to hold one of the pieces in place -RRB- , I hung a bath towel on it and the ends of the towel rested on the floor . My towels are over-sized . Small bath towels would probably work . I returned the rack .
 I bought this as an add-on item , but the light I received really looks nothing like the one in the photo . Cheap plastic legs that could easily break . When you try to stand the light up it will fall over . There is no lens to protect the bulb . It 's really just a cheap novelty light for a key ring .
 I saw some reviews about it , I read some info ... But I am still dissapointed.When I tryed to open his legs , they broke . -LRB- they are not metal as shown on picture , they are made of some kind plactic -RRB- Two legs broke even without forceing it to open.Now I am using it as ordinar flashlight but still not as good as any other . Light flickers -LRB- 2-3 times in 5 seconds -RRB- and has very short range.Next time I will buy Larget Stanley tripod . Hope theyr quality is better .
 The price is very appealing and the functionality it promises is great . The actual light is good and strong given the size.Sadly it does n't deliver on much else . Contrary to the key-chain ring attach to the flash light , DO NOT Carry on key-chain it is by far too fragile , the little tripod legs break off WAY TOO easy . I made this mistake and it lasted me three days , before I was down to one leg on the tripod . If you buy it , I would recommend you just leave it in a convenient safe place i.e. the car , back pack , locker , or toolbox . This item bordered on novelty item in it 's build quality . I have used Stanley larger tripods and those are in deed built sturdy . If you have n't purchased this item , i would n't recommend you do .
 Although this flashlight is compact it is rugged , bright and very useful in tight spaces . The head has 2 positions to adjust the light beam . It also has a high quality switch making it difficult to turn on by accident in your pocket . Review update!After 3 months the switch quit working , it is now usless . so much for high quality : /
 I bought this flashlight thinking it would be of equal or similar quality of the larger Stanley Tripod flashlights . I was very wrong . It is very flimsy , and cheap . The keychain part sticks down so low , that it wo n't stand up on it 's own like it is supposed to . It does have a nice bright led light , but if you are looking for a small compact led light , there are better ones out there . If you like the tripod feature , I do highly recommend the other two Stanley Tripod flashlights . I own both the `` aa '' and the `` aaa '' sizes and they are great .
 I got one of these last year as a stocking stuffer . It works good as a flashlight however the stand is useless.The ` nub ' that the keychain attaches to , sticks out too far making the legs too short to hold the unit up . its almost like the light has a 4th leg in the middle.I was really let down that Stanley licensed this ` design ' and allowed this miserable mini copy to be made.I expected more .
 One legs fell off the mii tripod within the first hout I had it . This rendered the tripod function useless I should have returned it but that would cost too much . I would not buy product again
 It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that what I received in the mail -LRB- see photos above -RRB- was n't the same product as pictured on this web page . Their photo looks like a miniature version of the other Stanley Tripod Flashlights . The things I got in the mail were cheap stripped down plasticy versions ! Then when I went to try to return the item with `` Item Is n't What I Ordered '' they were n't going to issue a refund . If you try to return it because you 're disappointed like I was , use the last reason something like `` Item Did n't Match What Listed on Webpage '' . The crappy thing is that I had ordered these for Valentine 's gifts for my two boys & had to send them back because they would 've broken them within minutes . Do I dare order the minis that are n't a keychain instead ? Shame on Stanley & Amazon for the deception !
 The product i recieved is not the product shown in the picture and is a all plastic.I have the large version and like it so i ordered this one , but it is crap , fell apart in my hands right out of the package .
 I have been using it for over a month now ... just to make this simple : at first the material felt good enough and the light was good for a small closed areaBut now it does n't light any more . . it 's more like a flashing thingyi Thing the warranty would have been useful for me except that i do n't live in the US Right nowbut to be fair it 's real small and effective in some situations .
 Item Is n't What I Ordered.This rendered the tripod function useless I should have returned it but that would cost too much . I would not buy product again
 Came in the original packaging from Stanley , tightly cased in plastic . When my son opened it one of the tripod legs was already broken . I thought Stanley was a good name but this was very disappointing .
 I literally broke it opening the package !! One of the little legs came off - no lens and not very bright anyways . Saved the batteries and threw in trash .
 EXPECTED THE FLASH LIGHT TO BE BIGGER . DO N'T UNDERSTAND WHY YOU EXPECT ME TO WRITE 13 MORE WORDS ABOUT THIS PRODUCT .
 The flashlight is very cute , but when I tried to put it on all I got was a very very faint light . Turns out 2 out of the 3 batteries exploded and that 's why the light wont work . Now , not only have I paid 6 dollars for this flashlight , I have to go to the store and buy new batteries . This is why I rated it so badly , I mean if you pay for something to come with batteries and ready to work it should be so .
 Cute gag gift but not useful . Look at the key ring in the photo to get an idea of the size . The tripod is too small to be usable ; it just adds bulk to your pocket .
 I could not believe the quality of this item from Shanley , which , Is a very good Company . I would of been embarrassed to even of sent it.When I tried to turn it on it would not work.Please Stanley , Please get ride of the person responsible for this produce.Been awhile before I rated this produce , Just could n't rate it , I was so dissatisfied .
 This is a horrible productdoes not give off much light , a total waste of money
 Sent it back to amazon for a refund . Cheap . The switch is what broke and could n't turn it on/off .
 Beam is just not bright enough . I have had smaller keychaing with brighter beams.Otherwise , neat little light
 Bought this to put on my teen 's backpack . Keychain arrived and new out of the package the keychain links were broken . I fixed the links for him and within one day , one of the legs broke off . Not at all impressed with the quality . The full size light was great . Keychain not worth the $ $ ! Gave it two stars , as the light itself is great .
 i was happy when i just had it , but it just broke in 2 mins . u had to use it very very careful . cause the quality of the stand is real cheap
 cheap not worth the time to return . . but I thought because it was Stanley that it would be good quality
 These are great lights when they work , however , I 've had two go bad on me . The first one lasted for a few months , then it would either turn itself on , -LRB- yes , without the button being accidentally hit ; often times my keys would just be sitting on the table and suddenly the light would turn on -RRB- , or when I would turn it on , it could n't be shut back off unless I took the batteries out.Princeton Tec customer service was great ; I told them about the problem and they just shipped me a new one , no charge , and I did n't have to return the defective light . However , that light went bad too , doing the exact same thing as the first light only the problems started almost immediately -LRB- within weeks of getting it -RRB- With both lights , I did try putting brand new batteries in and for both lights it made no difference.Never again . I know I could get another free light from Princeton Tec , but why bother ? It 's more trouble than it 's worth .
 I do n't know whether the batteries were dead or the flashlight itself was defective but the unit was dead as a doornail right after being taken out of the package.I have sent it back to Amazon , and I hope I get a refund .
 This little guy was soooo close to what I was looking for , but it has one major issue depending on what you want to do with it . I like clipping it to a belt loop . If you wear jeans and try to do this , it attaches snugly but smoothly , but is nearly impossible to get back off . The carabiner-type opening is too near the edges so it is very difficult to remove it from a belt loop . If this is your intended use , look elsewhere .
 I bought two of these lights and one functioned and the other did not . The instructions says if the light does not work , check the batteries . This means an additional charge to buy new batteries for the light which was supposed to come with batteries that worked . The light that does function is fine-no problem there . If I sent the non functional light back the shipping would be more than the original cost of one light . If you buy - Good luck !
 Be careful about the LED color that shows up in your cart.The website clearly indicates a white LED . I just noticed I am being shipped a light with a green LED.As a test , I placed another one of these units in my cart and it does say green LED.Of course this will be returned but who needs the hassle .
 The descriptions for this item here on the page state anything from 8lbs to 1/2lb as the weight held by these suction cups . Ignore all that . The correct max weights are 1/2 lb for the small suction cups and 1 lb for the medium ones . There are no large suction cups included in this assortment , only small and medium .
 ABSOLUTELY NO SUCTION AND WILL NOT HOLD ANY LIGHT WEIGHT ITEM TO SECURE HARD TILE . DEFINITELY NOT A SATISFACTORY PRODUCT ~ !!!
 I bought these last year to hang a few things in the shower . They were terrible . Even the cups with out anything on them would only stay up a few days .
 I was not thinking that these would work and they did n't . Amazon gave me a full refund and let me keep them . Maybe in the warm weather the will work better .
 They are very cheaply made and do not adhere to much of anything as far as I can tell . I threw them all in the trash .
 these are disappointing . too small for what I needed.maybe i didnt read the description , but i put em in the trash .
 it 's the old story of when you assume ... ! I looked at the pictured items and assumed there would be at least one large suction cup . WRONG More than half way down the page , it says 4 medium and 6 small .
 1 . This bit DOES NOT fit all SDS MAX tools as advertised . -LRB- It does not fit in a Hilti TE-50 -RRB- 2 . IT DID NOT come with an extra scraper blade .3 . When I contacted the John Wilson , the seller , to return the item and get a refund he said `` send it back ... we will refund your money `` 4 . I sent it back . He has not sent a refund .5 . He ignored my messages for a week . Finally he replied and said I had to get the refund from Amazon as he was `` only the shipper '' .6 . I filed a dispute . Amazon says HE will provide the refund .7 . Again , he is hiding and not responding to me or to Amazon .
 I bought one of these pumps and it workded perfectly ... so much so that I recommended it to my friends and also bought 2 new pumps for my new pond . HOWEVER , there seems to be a manufacturing defect in the newer pumps because on both of my new pumps ... the hose connecting the pump to the filter does not fit tightly ... I connected one of the pumps in the morning and went to work and when I came home in the evening I noticed that the pump was very low ... I decided to clean the filters ... then I realised that the filter was no longer even connected to the pump ... so I reconnected it and turned back on the pump but it still did not work any better ... I then proceeded to take a better look and thats when I realised that because the hose had disconnected from the pump it was jus sucking water from the bottom of the pond and had sucked in one of my baby Kois and killed it.I am not discouraging anyone from buying this pump but if you do make sure you put on a hose clamp or something to prevent it from killing your baby fishes .
 Purchased 3 for an art project . relied on the picture shown for reference . item does not look like the picture shown . very disappointed .
 What you see is not what you receive . The connecting hose is impossible to securely connect to the filter and pump . Customer service at the mfg. is voice mail only . Other items from this vendor have been fine . They need to drop this product . DO NOT PURCHASE THIS FILTER .
 Seems to pump as advertised . The tubing going from filter to spout is to short and not as flexible as it should be . Also the spout length is not adjustable in small amounts . Cutting off the end to make shorter is not an option . At least if they would have supplied a coupling , -LRB- standard coupling in CPC will not work -RRB- you could cut out a section . Also you have to find a way to weight the pump and spout down or it will not stay straight . Sorry but this is a poor design .
 I ordered this pond filter because of the pump cord length , which claims to be 18 ' . It is NOT 18 ' , it is only 8 ' . Now I must use an extension cord and it will cause an unprotected connection outdoors.Also , the pipe that connects from the filter box to the pump slides on so easily that it does not have a water tight fit and any bump will dislodge the connection . I can teflon tape the connection and it very well may seal better , but I do n't feel I should have to do these things for a brand new setup . Also , the filter box part is difficult to keep submerged . I tried one rock and needed a second to keep it down.The price is good and I am very familiar with the Mag-Drive pumps , which are excellent pumps .
 I ordered this set thinking that it included the 7/8 '' wrench that it claims to have . Instead , it 's the same set as the other sellers , but with a higher price . Thanks for nothing J&L Industrial Supply . You SUCK .
 I got a Sunterra pond filter as part of a complete pond kit . At first , I was quite happy with the filtration provided , but quickly learned that there are other issues with this filter design that make it worthless .1 -RRB- The clamps are designed to fail . There is no other way to look at it . They are attached to the filter bucket , and snap over the lid . Around the circumference of the lid is a thin O-ring gasket . This gasket is nearly impossible to keep in place as you are putting the lid over the bucket . Further , even if you do get it in place and sealed correctly , it is not likely to stay there long . The major problem is that Sunterra used cheap , thin plastics throughout this filter . When I turn the pump on , I can actually see the entire filter bucket stretch , and it rises up out of the hole in the ground about an inch . This stretching of the plastic weakens it . The clamps also stretch , and after less that one season , lost their ability to securely hold the lid in place . The result is that any time power is cut to the pump , some of the clamps will release because they do n't have enough force to hold the lid down when the pump is not pushing against them . When the power is restored and the pump pressurizes the filter , it will leak profusely between the lid and bucket.We have left home for several hours only to return and discover that our power went out for whatever reason , and when it was restored the filter leaked , resulting in a near-total drain of our pond and destruction of our pump as it ran dry . Luckily the pump was high enough off the bottom of the pond that our fish still had some water , and so survived .2 -RRB- The restricted filter indicator does n't work , at all . I 've had the filter so clogged up that water was barely coming through the filter at all , and still the red clogged-filter indicator never popped up .3 -RRB- The reverse-flow cleaning system does n't work , at all . In order to clean the filter , you have to disassemble it and wash out the sponges with a garden hose . This is the only way to get them clean . You could run your entire pond 's water supply through the filter and it would do nothing to clean it . This is nothing more than a joke .4 -RRB- The sliding selector for run or clean is also prone to leaks . The design is simply poor , but might have had a chance of working if Sunterra had not used such thin and cheap plastics.In the end , there is no fix for this junk filter . I 've contacted Sunterra and they sent me replacement clamps . Those lasted no longer than the originals . Avoid this filter , it is not worth any money or your time and frustration . If this is any indication of the quality of Sunterra products , I would avoid the company altogether . I would have rated this item at zero stars if that were available . Maybe I can make a planter out of the filter bucket - that 's about all it would be good for.As an alternative , look here : Pressurized Bio UV Pond Filter - 2000 gallonThis is a quality filter that gets good reviews . You get what you pay for with Fish Mate , unlike Sunterra where you pay and get nothing .
 I recently bought a home with a backyard pond , which had an existing Sunterra Filter just like the one pictured . I removed the top to take the cleaning elements out for cleaning , and I could n't replace the top . It 's virtually impossible to press it far enough down on the casing body so that you can snap the retaining clips into place . So figuring it was old and needed replacing , I bought this one new from Amazon . When it was delivered yesterday I took it out of the box and for a trial run I removed the top and tried to replace it , while I was still in the kitchen and before hooking anything up . The new one was just as impossible to replace the top , even though I could turn it , press with my body weight all over the top , and do everything possible to try to get the top in place to fasten the retaining clips . I returned it today for a refund . Do n't buy this product , or else you 'll never be able to replace the cleaning sponges or bio-balls that are inside .
 Then leaked like a sieve . You 'd be better off & money ahead making your own . Five gallon bucket , gravel -LRB- `` bio-balls '' -RRB- , silicone sealant , fittings .
 Sunterra 300106 Pond Bio-Great filter and pump , have used for some time now . Problem
 Absolutely the worst products ever ! DO NOT BUY SUNTERRA products . There is no help available to solve the problems with their products . The Pump worked for 5 minutes , the bio filter leaks all over . This is brand new . The O ring does not fit and therefore you can not keep it from leaking , this will drain your pond before it cleans anything . The valve for adjusting on and off for the spray feature broke first time I turned it . Very poor design . Very FRUSTRATING .
 As many have said , dont waste your money on this ! The o-ring never stays on and the filter leaks , causing my pond to drain constantly . Ive tried so many times to fix this and have contacted the company with no results ! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 1 -RRB- I 've had the filter for a little over 3 months now . After 1 month a `` quick seal clip '' broke . I emailed sunterra 3 different times for a new one and NOT ONE response back from them . TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE ! I managed to get a clamp at a local hardware store to act inplace of said broken clamp .2 -RRB- Design is flawed by cheap plastic . The pressure that is put on this filter is too much . It often leaks . I have to check it frequently to make sure all my pond water is not outside of the pond due to a leaky filter .3 -RRB- The red/green filter indicator DOES NOT WORK . Not once has thing turned red when I needed to clean the filter .4 -RRB- Filter needs cleaned way too often . Does n't `` biofilter '' much . I 'm left with a dirty pond if I do n't clean this filter out on a weekly/biweekly basis.I did give it 2 stars because it does filter out what it 's supposed to . However , I would stay away from anything sunterra puts out . There is way better products out there that will do a better job . You may have to pay extra for it , but it will last longer and do a better job .
 We are currently building our house and have been working on it for two years . We have installed about 1/3 of the locks in the house , so far . I bought the Baldwin locks because they have a good reputation and I liked the distressed finish . The hardware itself feels great and works great . The problem is the oil rubbed bronze finish . We have a lock that goes from the garage to the mud room , and the finish has already worn off and the brass is showing through . I realized the finish would change over time , but the lock has only been installed for a little over a year!I wrote to the company to ask them if they had something I could rub on it to make it look brown , again . He said there was n't anything . I am disappointed that I paid so much for locks that look bad after one year . I wish I had stuck with the Schlage locks I had at my old place . I had those for 15 years and they looked and functioned great . I made the mistake of thinking that Baldwin was a better quality and would stand behind their finish . Beware !
 Cheap plastic devise with marginal performance . It looks and performs like a kids plastic toy . Do n't waste your money . Go buy a real tool .
 6 out of 8 broke within a week . What more needs to be said ?
 Switch turns on ok ... but does not turn off about 3/4 of the time . Tried turning it on to max , then back to 10 minutes or so ... still does not turn off 3/4 of the time .
 2 out of 3 do not work anymore , they hang up and do not shut off the fan on many occasions . I recommend the dealer but not the product he actually sent me a replacement which later failed
 Very neat idea , I bought several of both models 12PS1 and 12PS2 . The # 12PS1 is perfect . The # 12PS2 is a little less useful . They missed the bullseye mark here slightly by having the cord come off the plug at 90 degrees , but opposite the ground prong side of the plug . This means that if you plug into a wall outlet the cord will have to fold back on itself under it 's own weight and may block the other outlet . Also on power strips with two rows of outlets , the ground prong usually faces away from the center of the strip . This means the 12PS2 cord blocks the other row of outlets , defeating the intended use of giving you an extra outlet .
 Did n't work for me , uses some weird bracket to attach to older designs . The brackets are cheaply made and do n't hold the handles that well .
 Put these on an old bath faucet using the adapters . The hot water side broke off in my daughter-in-law 's hand after less than a dozen uses . The square plastic coupler broke in half where it fit over the square adapter . Waste of money .
 Cool concept on this tie down system but I could n't find any way to mount it to my rack . I do n't think it 's the tie down , more just the rack on my truck . Make sure it will work with what you have before buying .
 I got a Sunterra pond filter as part of a complete pond kit . At first , I was quite happy with the filtration provided , but quickly learned that there are other issues with this filter design that make it worthless .1 -RRB- The clamps are designed to fail . There is no other way to look at it . They are attached to the filter bucket , and snap over the lid . Around the circumference of the lid is a thin O-ring gasket . This gasket is nearly impossible to keep in place as you are putting the lid over the bucket . Further , even if you do get it in place and sealed correctly , it is not likely to stay there long . The major problem is that Sunterra used cheap , thin plastics throughout this filter . When I turn the pump on , I can actually see the entire filter bucket stretch , and it rises up out of the hole in the ground about an inch . This stretching of the plastic weakens it . The clamps also stretch , and after less that one season , lost their ability to securely hold the lid in place . The result is that any time power is cut to the pump , some of the clamps will release because they do n't have enough force to hold the lid down when the pump is not pushing against them . When the power is restored and the pump pressurizes the filter , it will leak profusely between the lid and bucket.We have left home for several hours only to return and discover that our power went out for whatever reason , and when it was restored the filter leaked , resulting in a near-total drain of our pond and destruction of our pump as it ran dry . Luckily the pump was high enough off the bottom of the pond that our fish still had some water , and so survived .2 -RRB- The restricted filter indicator does n't work , at all . I 've had the filter so clogged up that water was barely coming through the filter at all , and still the red clogged-filter indicator never popped up .3 -RRB- The reverse-flow cleaning system does n't work , at all . In order to clean the filter , you have to disassemble it and wash out the sponges with a garden hose . This is the only way to get them clean . You could run your entire pond 's water supply through the filter and it would do nothing to clean it . This is nothing more than a joke .4 -RRB- The sliding selector for run or clean is also prone to leaks . The design is simply poor , but might have had a chance of working if Sunterra had not used such thin and cheap plastics.In the end , there is no fix for this junk filter . I 've contacted Sunterra and they sent me replacement clamps . Those lasted no longer than the originals . Avoid this filter , it is not worth any money or your time and frustration . If this is any indication of the quality of Sunterra products , I would avoid the company altogether . I would have rated this item at zero stars if that were available . Maybe I can make a planter out of the filter bucket - that 's about all it would be good for.As an alternative , look here : Pressurized Bio UV Pond Filter - 2000 gallonThis is a quality filter that gets good reviews . You get what you pay for with Fish Mate -LRB- Animate -RRB- , unlike Sunterra where you pay and get nothing .
 I `` upgraded '' to this pump -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- from a smaller , non-uv pump from Sunterra . It was a huge mistake . The biofilter arrived , and after hooking it up , it broke immediately . Trust me , I knew what I was doing , but this thing just was n't designed to work properly I guess . Water went shooting up into the lid -LRB- where the see-through plastic label is -RRB- and started shooting out from the edges . -LRB- Not from the edges where you clamp -- which is also known to happen -- but from the edges of the lid above -- where there SHOULD N'T BE ANY WATER . -RRB- I took it apart -LRB- as if to change the lightbulb as directed -RRB- and of course two of the four cheap screws sheared off immediately from my use of the appropriate screwdriver . I noticed that water had flooded the glass tube around the uv lightbulb -- not good ! I drained it , hooked it all up again , and the same thing happened . After a third try , I removed the filter from my pump , cursed the day I bought it , and came here to read/write reviews.I will be letting the company know that I want a replacement , asap , overnight or better . -LRB- I only live three hours away from them . -RRB- Of course , after reading reviews I may just go with the Fish Mate that everyone is talking about .
 Once I installed the filter a film of oil or grease seeped into my pond -LRB- I presume sealant for the lid -RRB- . All of my koi died within 24 hours .
 I hooked the filter up and leaked from the get go . DO NOT waste your time with this piece of JUNK !!!
 I put these knobs in my home because I liked the shape and the finish seemed the best . I have had them for 4 years now and regret getting them . The oil rubbed bronze color easily wears off with normal use leaving the knobs looking really terrible . Although I liked the coloring and design initially , I would not use these knobs again .
 When they packaged this hose , they put zip ties on it and crushed it . You can see this in their own photo . I 've had this hose laid out across my floor , hoping these crush spots will come out , for several weeks now . They are not coming out . I 've pumped hot water through the hose , nothing . The water flow from my pump is cut in half by the crush zones . If I hold the hose just so , and squeeze a couple of the crush spots to open them with my hand , the pump works reasonably well but not as well as it could . The material of the hose seems to be of a strong , somewhat flexible , and otherwise good quality but the people who package it do n't seem to have a clue . I suppose if you were putting 50psi house water through it Those crushed spots might expand but my 2500 gph pump ca n't do it .
 I bought two of these . I gave one to my brother , and kept one on my keyring . I tend to be a bit hard on my keyring , but this thing starting having trouble after about a month . Its construction is a bit cheap .
 I put this on my keychain , and it broke off after about 2-3 weeks . I repaired the link , but then the button stopped working reliably . This just is n't worth buying . Spend more money for something that will last .
 The light stopped working after just a month with very little use . The ring that hold the light fob on to the key ring separates easily and the light then separates from the key ring . Poor design .
 I love Bosch tools in general but this tool is poorly designed . There is an exposed flange where the armature shaft exits the tapered bell housing near the collet that is the full diameter of the bell housing . It spins with the shaft . The bell housing is too short for an average male hand to hold the tool without contacting this spinning flange . When I hold the tool , the flange rubs against my hand and burns it from friction . It is very painful . I want to throw this tool out the door every time this happens .
 I ordered the paint sprayer with the metal container and they sent a paint sprayer with a plastic container . I would not buy again from this firm as they sent a cheaper item from what was ordered .
 I bought these a year ago . They worked fine for my 6x9 foot pond . After about 6 months a bulb would burn out and I would replace it . But then others would burn out and I replace them and they wouldnt work . My husband looked at it and said water was inside the light and shorted them out . There were little burn marks inside . Now they dont work and for $ 40 + I might buy something else.The transformer needed to have a timer so you dont have to plug this one into a timer .
 Cute lights , easy to install . Only lasted two nights . Transformer is hot but no lights . They did not provide much lighting . Am trying to return .
 This product did not work when I received it . Do not buy this product . I have n't been able to find a way to contact the seller either ... Again , this product is a scam , buy it at your own risk .
 The lights work fine but if one changes the lens a few times the prongs holding them on snaps off and your stuck with bright white lights only.Would not recomendthis product .
 its work fine and provides bright light -LRB- 20 watts -RRB- , but i do n't have them on a timer , and the lights only last about 1 month . Do n't know how long they last with a timer , but keep it in mind .
 I purchased 3 sets of lights in March . All three sets are now officially dead . Trying to contact Amazon was a failure as well . I buy many products from Amazon , but this one is absolutely without merit . Be prepared to buy something else within 4 months .
 Sunterra 300309 Submersible Light Kit for Water Gardens , Three Lights with Transformer , BlackI ordered the pond lights to replace a set I have had for years . In the water for only three weeks and one does not work already
 First to go was the lamp , that cost approx . 5 bucks to replace ! Next to go was the transformer . product lasted about two months . Great while it lasted ... once burned never again !
 The water streams that shoot up from the lotus head are often uneven and vary too much in height and direction . If any small piece of debris gets inside the lotus head it will jam one of the holes and send the water flying off in any given direction or just block it completely.Overall I would say its been a disappointment . The Sunterra site recommends a 450 gph pump for this head . I think that 's a bit much as the water shoots about 4 feet up in the air . I bought the diverter valve to help lower the flow but then the streams all just fizzle out when you back down the pressure.They need to refine the holes to make nicer more even streams that will work at varying pressures .
 I ordered a passage set of Baldwin . What I was sent was a keyed lever that was n't even of the Images `` Wave '' family ! When I wrote them I was told all of their Baldwin products were keyed items . -LRB- why list passage sets then ? -RRB- In their defense I was refunded very quickly once I sent a picture of the item sent and a photo from Baldwin 's website of what I had actually ordered.Lesson learned . Buy hardware from knowledgeable lock suppliers . -LRB- Unless you are n't in a hurry and if you do n't mind the extra work when you are sent an incorrect item . -RRB-
 The lock is sharp and is uncomfortable to handle . The key is tinier than the tip of your index finger . I almost lost one already . Because the key is so tiny it makes unlocking this difficult . I much prefer the master lock key and cable .
 I loved how quiet this compressor was ... note was ... until the motor smoked . . karen - did you already throw yours away . . I am in need of a motor ... my unit was barely used . . one day I went to do a light amount of air tool work and started to smell burning wires . thankfully the house breaker blew .
 When it works , it works fine . Powered two different brad nailers and a spray finishing system for light use on furniture.After 40 hours of use with the nailers it broke . Before that it gave my Father in law additional service without issue . The motor ate the drive belt , presumably after a small slip . There was a `` Service Advisory '' on it , which cost $ 30 of parts , and the owner gets to fix it , himself . Guess it was a known problem with a relief valve that backed up the system , forcing an overpressure on the piston , thus the slip of the belt . Bought service kit , Fixed it . Not ten hours of use later -LRB- three months actual time -RRB- , the pin connecting the crankshaft to the piston sheared . Breaking two times , and it was going to be a new motor , $ 120 , to fix that one . No thank you.I 'd give it Zero stars if Amazon would let me.Last week I bought a Dewalt 15-gallon , DEWALT D55167 1.6 HP 200 PSI Oil Free High Pressure Low Noise Horizontal Portable Compressor , which was equivalent in size , hoping the next compressor system would n't end up being another disposable purchase . We 'll see how it goes . The price on the DeWalt has dropped significantly since I paid $ 480 on Amazon for it . It smells some times , but it works very well . If you do n't need a portable version , the former race car mechanic I work with now , uses a Craftsman stationary one . His 30 gallon system was $ 300 when he bought it around 2002 , or so he says . He has n't had to do any work on his system , and he uses it much more than I do , as he rebuilds muscle cars on the weekends . He recommended DeWalt or Rigid for portable systems . I passed on the Rigid portables . They too are built by Campbell Hausfeld . No thanks .
 I bought the 20 Gal . model . My previous compressor lasted 20 years . This one is destroyed after 1 year and a half.The piston exploded out of the motor . The waranty is only a year and the service center practicaly said it is disposable because it is oilless . I will never buy from this company again .
 Bought this at Walmart maybe 6 years ago and have used it pretty lightly . I initially bought it and the el cheapo CH air tool kit so I could have an air powered impact wrench to help break suspension bolts loose on a Jeep . HA ! This compressor says 125 psi max but the most I could ever get it up to was 90 . At that psi , its not enough to break loose any stuborn bolts . I 'd say it would only break loose something tightened to maybe 50 ft lbs at best . Thought it would be good for breaking loose or tightening lug nuts for wheels . That requires roughly 100 ft lbs torque but this compressor is way under powered for that . It 's a noisy and wimpy compressor . Still runs ok with no leaks but with it being so light duty , I just rarely use it .
 The item I previewed , then ordered , online was a 5 sided security bit . What was delivered was a set of 6 & 7 sided bits . I guess the description given online should not be trusted and I need to physically see and hold what I need to make sure it is what I want to purchase.Not a happy camper .
 Holes in center of bits were not precisely centered so I could not get the bits to fit the bolt head . They were nearly useless because of this .
 I used this to take apart a bunch of hard drives and that 's when I noticed that this was missing a size 8 , and instead there were two size 9 torx bits . That 's the main reason I rated this 2 stars instead of 4 . -LRB- see picture -RRB- They bits do fit well , but if you come across a tough screw and need to crank hard on the smaller bit sizes , the metal is malleable enough that it will change form . -LRB- see picture -RRB- . I would n't take any points off for that , I think that just comes with the territory on such an inexpensive product .
 I bought this for its largest bit size . I attached the bit to the adapter and then to my wrench and with a quarter turn , the bit broke off into the screw . LAME !
 Although the item is called a `` 7 piece security bit set '' , note that the T5 & T6 bits are not security bits -LRB- i.e. no hole in the center -RRB- . I was n't sure which size torx security bit I needed to disassemble a Microsoft mouse so I was hoping for the best when I ordered this , but unfortunately it turns out that the mouse requires a T6 security bit that this set does n't have .
 I bought this for a T6 Torx bit . I used it one time . Halfway through using it , it snapped near the head , breaking off in the T6 screw . I was screwing the pocket clip onto a pocket knife . Not exactly a tough job.Threw it out and went to Home Depot to get one that did n't break .
 I ordered this kit because I needed the T5 to fix a cell phone . When it arrived the only piece that was defective was the T5 ! Ugh ! Luckily Amazon makes returns easy but unfortunately I 'll have to buy from a different vendor.It was as if the bit never got molded and was a solid blank piece and was bigger than the T7 . I 'll order a different set that 's on Amazon and I should be good.I gave it an extra star since it was actually a decent looking kit if I had use for the others .
 When I received the item it was broken . I tried several times to contact the seller but was unable . I sent the item back to the seller and requested I get reimbursed for the S&H . I never heard back from the seller.They never offered to send out replacement product nor did they attempt to help rectify the situation . Very unprofessional and would highly recommend not buying from them .
 This dado insert was shown both when I did a search on amazon for `` ridgid r4510 '' and `` dado insert for ridgid r4510 '' . It 's my fault that I did n't read closely enough , but it does seem potentially misleading for amazon to allow this pairing to come up when the parts are incompatible . I was able to return the part for a refund .
 I bought two of these thinking they would be great to clip to a reflective vest when I walk early in the morning . I used the first light ONCE when the hinge to the battery compartment broke . There is no off switch , so to turn the light off , you have to open the battery case . When I opened it , the hinge broke . When then opened the second light , the light did n't work . I then replaced the batteries the light came with and it STILL did n't work . So , the first broke with the first use and the second never worked at all . My experience may not be typical , but I will never buy another one of these . It was craptastic .
 We purchaed this opener with our new garage door in 2006 . Eighteen months later the motor burnt out and the entire unit was replaced . Twenty four months or so later the motor has burnt out again . The local Wayne Dalton garage door rep has been great to deal with but you should note the warranty only covers materials and DOES NOT cover labor . I am not sure why we had problems with this product . We have a two car garage door -LRB- 16 ' x 7 ' -RRB- and this openener does not seem capable of handling this operation . We also had problems with the remote and keypads becoming `` un-synced '' and had to constantly reprogram them . We are replacing this unit with a belt drive opener as it is not worth dealing with
 I first have to say that I loved this opener . It 's small , quiet and fast . It just could n't handle the cold Minnesota winters.I had this opener installed several years ago when Wayne Dalton was just getting established in Minnesota . The drive worked well and personally I see it as a superior design . However , when the weather started getting very cold the drive would slow down and make significant more noise , almost like a grinding.On the second winter the drive failed . Apparently the current required when it got colder was more than some resister could handle and it burned . Wayne Dalton was kind enough to give me a newer design but I still needed to pay for installation , which was n't cheap.The new drive was slower . I think they simply changed some of the gear ratios . This drive lasted 3 more winters and failed again . At that point it was cheaper to get a new Liftmaster installed than to even buy this drive.Bottom line
 After 7 years of re-adjusting , 2 burned out motors , one control board , trying to deal with another company that the W-D opener division was sold to , I finally decided to scrap them . Would definitely not recommend . The idea was great but in practicality they are totally unreliable . I replaced them with new spring system and Chamberlain 3800 openers . Much better system .
 I purchased this product -LRB- Torquemaster garage door opener -RRB- in good faith the supplier who indicated they had the product and they were unable to fill my order . This occured 30 days ago and they have not refunded my visa card as they indicated the company would.The truth of the matter i do not believe they manufactor this product any more so i used a tried and true product from Sears to correct my problem.If anyone wants to know who the supplier was i will provide !
 Bought this in 2003 , broke in 2004 company replaced it , broke in 2006 . company replaced it with different gear ratio unit . broke in 2010 company sending me another with a larger motor . Door is balanced . All I can say is when it works , it works great and the company has a great warranty . If they had n't replaced it I would be the owner of a chamberlain belt drive by now .
 We have had the I-drive for a few years and almost every 18 month we end up having a new motor shipped and have to replace it -LRB- which in itself is a task -RRB- . It will misfunction from time to time and stop midway or stop every foot , so I would constantly have to push the button over to move another foot until it is completly open . It let us ` hang ' so many times , in the true meaning of the word HANG . Today , after not wanting to open all the way , I went inside and tried to open it with the wall mounted opener and had no success . It would just constantly open back up after I would try to close it -LRB- after initially not wanting to open at all -RRB- . I am tired of having to call the company every year and a half and so we decided to get a Liftmaster instead . So long I-drive .
 I was looking for some wall decals to use as a menu board on the walls at my coffee shop . I was excited to find these but now I am not at all excited . I used a dry erase marker to write on these and it is permanently on this wall Pop . It does not erase with the dry eraser or with water . Item says easily cleaned with water . Dry eraser takes off the color . These will be going back .
 The plate that goes over the door knob gets loose over time . Now , every time the door is unlocked it pops off . Very annoying . It would be better if the cover was screwed in like the rest of the door knobs in my house .
 While these are great looking door handles , for some reason the latches on these were brass , and did not match the satin nickel finish on the rest of the hardware.Thanks to Amazon for offering a partial refund since I already had these installed and it would have cost me even more to have them all removed to be shipped back , but still it does n't make sense why it did n't match .
 I received this as a gift since it was on my wishlist . Upon opening the gift , I was immediately disappointed in the durability of the product . You have to separate the scissors into two pieces to use some of the tools and I think in time , the mechanism that holds them together will wear . The thickness and quality of the metal blades/tools is pretty weak . The handles are plastic . How long will they last if you really use this as a tool?The scissors are pretty good for light duty cutting , but they would n't even cut through some heavy gauge string that was part of the packaging of one of my child 's toys . Aside from the scissors , I 'll have a hard time making use of a lot of these other tools . This will probably get thrown in the junk drawer and be forgotten about until I ca n't find a my regular pair of scissors .
 Color was not the vibrant , electric lime green that was depicted in the photo online . More of an olive . I was disappointed about this .
 Compared to powerfast straps , I like the width and the durability of the plastic covering ; however , the straps do not drive in all the way , when you try to sink them with a hammer , they just mash up . I tried these in several types of wood and did not get a single one to sink in . All the staples I tried also pulled out very easily . I was very disappointed . The arrow strap gun seem to work nicely , but I would not get one until they improve the quality of the straps -LRB- staples -RRB- .
 staples really do n't hold that well , easy to pull out and not snug to the wire .
 You ' r sending the staples right away and the staple gun in approximately a month later according to the delivery date . It stated 4 instock when I placed the order . This is poor service . What cane I due with just the staples ?
 The LED 's on the lanterns started to burn out after two uses . I got in contact with the product vendor and never recieved a reply from them . They were not worth the money .
 I bought this knife expecting a compact pocket knife . When I take it out of the box I found a knife much larger then I expected r wanted -LRB- blade at least 3.5 inches -RRB- The blade being metal and so long and the handle being some form of plastic , it is quite unbalanced in the hand . I will be returning this product , mainly because the blade excedes 3inches making it a `` dangerous knife '' in the eyes of the law but also because I just do n't find it comfortable in my hand .
 Hi - So you need to extend your RGB , so what to do ? I 've seen these triple RCA barrels selling from a penny up to over $ 5 . One thing for sure is that this merchant should be avoided.Why ? In my single transaction with Cmple , I was bait and switched . I bought name brand cables and they sent me no name crap that incidentally also cost a penny apiece right here on Amazon.So , if you must extend your RGB , your first choice is to buy the proper length cable . These extenders do nothing good for your picture and provide another place for your signals to fail.However , if you must extend your RGB , keep the total length short , as over 15 ft. starts to damage your signals , and if you must buy RCA barrels , choose another vendor that does n't have a reputation for ripping off customers.It 's easy . Just find the same picture , but a different vendor than Cmple.Thank you for reading this .
 All this ` screen ' patch is , is clear plastic tape with black lines drawn on it . If you 're looking for actual screen to patch a window screen , then get the aluminum variety and do n't waste your time or money on these self-adhesive types .
 Screen patch ? Really ? A crappy sticker -LRB- that does n't stick -RRB- with some tiny squares printed on it is n't a screen . Screens have holes - they let the air in and out . Get it ? Duct tape works better than these pieces of crap . How long has this company been ripping people off ? If it did n't cost like $ 2 I would have sent it back .
 This is a glorified sticker ! I ordered this on my phone so I was unable to read the reviews , I never would have waster the $ 8 on stickers to put on a tent . They do n't hold up to rain so I do n't know why you would sell for something that is OUTDOORS !
 These suck , they are plastic sticky sheets and do not stick , , not screen , I have no idea what they would work on . And I bought 4 packs . Lucky they are cheap !
 Bought this Staple Gun from Home Improvement Super Store about 6 months ago . Worked great , smooth action and easy operation . Unfortunately it did n't last . About a month ago it started acting up . Now it is hit and miss , does n't shoot anymore . Have to reload and maybe get one out before it jams . Another Aluminum construction Stapler . Made in China ... Go Figure.Would not recommend this one unless you feel like throwing away $ 30 every 6 months !
 THIS staple gun is a piece of crap . It constantly jams using 1/4 '' staples on insulation . It will staple 5 or 6 staples then nothing comes out . I usually have to pull the slide out and pull the trigger 5 or 6 more times to get a staple out . I just bought another one made by Arrow , hope it 's a better tool .
 Grabbed this stapler for the first time because I had an inspector coming and needed to get some insulation installed ASAP . I probably got a staple about every 10 times I pulled the trigger . Avoid this item at all costs ... I ca n't imagine how anyone who spends any time actually stapling things is able to use this .
 When loading the staples and trying to close the loading bar , the Stanley staples did not move and ended up throwing a spring . This unit is now worthless ! You would think a company like Stanley would have and easy loading sytem , but it is not . Also the Stanley staples should fit in the Stanley gun , but they did not . I will not purchase another Stanley tool again .
 I bought this stapler to install radiant barrier foil in my attic . The unit did well for the first part of the job . I used 3/8 '' staples and penetration into the attic trusses was adequate , though not often flush . The power switch had a slight effect , but nothing to write home about . After 150-200 staples the unit started to misfire occasionally . It felt like it was firing -LRB- and would dent the wood -RRB- , but something in the gun would n't let the staples move forward into the path of the striker . I found that the problem was a lot more frequent when stapling upside down . I could point the stapler down and shoot a staple into a joist and get it to start working again for a few cycles . If I did n't do this it would just dry fire forever . My project was stapling to the underside of the rafters , so it became a tedious drill of shooting a few staples and then firing it at a joist a few times until it started working again . Around the 300 staple count mark the unit is all but useless in any position.I know it 's only $ 20 , but I still expected to get more than 1/4 of the job done with it . Stanley says Sharpshooter . I say Saturday Night Special .
 It 's fortunate that I bought this mostly for the purpose of securing some rather thin sisal rope to cat scratching posts . The posts have plastic cores with a reasonably thick , heavy cardboard shell . This stapler is just barely powerful enough to drive 0.25 in staples * most * of the way through loose sisal and some cardboard.Would not use to secure anything my life depended on .
 I did receive my package quickly , so that was a plus . However , upon opening it and reading the instructions - I was disappointed to find that it in fact does not take nails - so I am not sure why they say staple/brad nail gun . It does however take staples and brads . I had anticipated using it for stretching my own canvases for paintings and hanging art with small nails . I will not be able to load a small nail , only brads - which are impossible to hang something on as there is no `` lip '' on the head of a brad so I 'm rather disappointed about that . I had chosen this one even though it was a little more expensive than the plain staple gun for that fact alone - I liked that it would have multi-purposes for my art . The next disappointment was upon realizing it did not come with staples . None at all . I suppose I just expected it to come with some because the other staplers in this price range came with some . So - I had to make a trip to Lowes to pick up some staples . While searching for staples , I saw the same exact model for less ! It was $ 16 and I bought this one for $ 18 and I see now it is up to $ 20 . To me , that is a rip off . I expect to get things for less than what I can find them for in the store since people are probably buying in bulk for a discount . Anyway - so I get home with my staples to my framing and canvas all ready to go - load in the staples ... and it is BEYOND difficult to use this while holding the canvas with my stretching pliers . I 've only gotten a few staples in and have had to hammer them in the rest of the way because I could n't get them in all the way with the gun . I stopped to read the instructions to make sure I had the tension set on the lowest setting and . . it is . It looks like I will either be returning this , or having to count on someone to be here to help me stretch and staple at the same time so I can hold it with two hands and press down firmly to ensure the staple can go in all the way . I 've stretched canvases before using someone else 's stapler and never had trouble stretching and stapling at the same time , so this is definitely a disappointment . Especially since finding out I paid more for it than at Lowes and will go through much more trouble to return it than simply taking it back to the store .
 After just returning a cheaper hand `` heavy duty '' staple/brad gun , I bought this one . I 'm stapling grill cloth into plywood with 1/2 '' staples -- a pretty simple task . I could n't get one single staple flush with the surface . Had to use a hammer to finish the job on every one of them . No big deal . But then the thing broke on my second job . The spring that pulls the staples forward came off and I ca n't figure out how it re-attaches . Chances are , what ever it was attached to broke off . More junk , courtesy of China .
 I bought this staple gun -LRB- Stanley TR 250 -RRB- in march and i began to use in May , It works during 3 days now it does not work . Also I bought 15.000 brad .
 I bought this item based on reviews from here , but unfortunately havent even used it yet . Finding the right staples is one problem right off the bat . Then being able to figure out exactly how it should work , which normally would be obvious , isnt as obvious with this thing . Part of the problem is with the poor instructions , which simply dont illuminate my question asking . Just disappointed at this time , if i had a bigger need for this item i would have already gone to a store and bought another stapler that would do the job . I cant recommend this thing to anyone , though ...
 I bought a stanley TR250 , and it is only works few times . I lost my money . This staplegun must be out of the market . It is an abuse against customer . And the Owner of the brand have to go to jail
 I had to laugh after reading all the other reviews praising this staple gun 's reliability.Either these reviewers are on Stanley 's payroll , or I got a lemon.I had jamming problems right out of the box , using Arrow T50 staples to tack 6mil plastic into 2x4 's . Not only did it jam a lot , but quite literally every third or fourth time i tried to staple , it would fail to discharge.Now , I use a lot of staples , as I 'm an artist , and I stretch my own canvasses , so I know what to expect from a gun , and this one was absolutely dismal on all counts.In fact , it was so frustrating to use , that rather than return it , or struggle through to finish the vapor barrier I was working on , I destroyed the miserable thing by hurling it against the ground , not once , not twice , but multiple times , until it was in pieces.Such was the frustration caused by this worthless hunk of milled aluminum.For your own sanity , do yourself a favor , and steer clear.P.S . I really do n't have an axe to grind , and I never write online reviews , but the misery this thing caused compelled me to take action , if only to save one poor soul the angst of going through what I did . Whew ! Good riddance !!!
 I just threw both of my Stanley staple guns in the recycling bin . I ca n't even handle them anymore.Staples -LRB- Arrow and other brands -RRB- in proper sized -LRB- i.e. 3/8 '' - 10mm -RRB- hardly ever fit . I go through this stupid process every time I pull them out to work on a quick project -LRB- today was a wall hanging succulent garden , that is now on hold for a few days until I can get a new , NON-STANLEY staple gun -RRB- :1 . Pull spring to load staples2 . Load staples on top of spring loader -LRB- as most standard staplers and staple guns usually do -RRB- 3 . Remember that these stupid staplers do n't work that way4 . Attempt to put staples directly in the slot on the bottom5 . Realize they m-fing do n't fit6 . Check the sizing on the side of the staple gun and verify with the box of staples that I am using the correct size -LRB- I am -RRB- 7 . Try a different size and brand staple -LRB- still does n't fit even though it `` should '' -RRB- 8 . Think maybe it does go on the spring loader , and try that again9 . They do n't - try correct loading again for a few more minutes10 . Go through box of staples to see if ANY fit -- maybe a few do11 . Curse loudly and think of a plan B *** New step
 Put less than 20 staples through it and it quit on me . Misfires constantly . Damages work surface without even putting in a staple . Stay away from this piece of garbage .
 Never before have I had a tool that I hated so much . The inefficiency of this stapler ought to make the Stanley Corporation designers ashamed . I was lucky to get two , maybe three staples in a row working -LRB- pinning light fabric to light board -RRB- . Today , I timed how long it took to try and get any sequence of staples to emerge or stick - forty-five minutes to get 12 staples set ; I gave up and used Sobo . I 'm unlikely to buy another Stanley product . Do I have to give my review a star ? Is there a `` minus-stars '' rating ? If so , this is Minus 5 - or Minus 10 - or Minus whatever ...
 I really wanted to like this stapler . This was my second Stanley stapler and this one was an upgraded model . I was sure my first one was just bad luck -- died on me after a few short projects . So I got this one which by the reviews seemed like the `` Cadillac '' of staplers . I gave it two stars because this stapler did last through the first and only project I put it through . I made a big 3 bin compost pit and the stapler made it though that big project but then I pulled it out for something small and it refused to fire . I think an internal spring had busted , same issue that I suspected in my first Stanley . I then went looking for something completely different -- and I found the Surebonder 9600 Pneumatic Narrow Crown Stapler and I have never looked back . It takes the same size -LRB- standard T50 -RRB- staples . The Surebonder is amazing , go search for it right now and get off this Stanley page right now .
 I purchased wood burner from Walmart 3 years ago - it did n't come with many tips and did n't get hotter than 800-900 degrees . I started to do more woodburning and wanted to upgrade my burner.I found this one , got it , and LOVED IT . It came with many tips and got really hot - it burned nicely ... then it died after minimal use . I sent it back , got a new one with no problems ... and that one has died too :-LRB- So I 'm not certain at this point if maybe the third time will be a charm . I do n't understand what 's going wrong . It died while I was burning a snowman image on a small piece of birch ... I was n't doing anything `` off the wall '' with it when it died . I wonder if it 's overheating ?
 I CA N'T ACTUALLY REVIEW THE PRODUCT , BECAUSE AFTER A FULL 14 DAYS , IT STILL HAS N'T ARRIVED . IT WAS `` IN STOCK '' WHEN I ORDERED IT . BY THE TIME IT GETS HERE , IF EVER , I 'LL HAVE FORGOTTEN WHY I WANTED/NEEDED IT . VERY POOR DELIVERY SERVICE .
 The heating was uneven , making my project a lot of work because of lack of heat and then melting the bit when there was too much heat . I threw it away after finishing the project .
 I got this wood burner and it perfomed very well for like 30 to 40 minutes - non consecutive - and then it died . sure it 's got a warranty and i 'll claim it -LRB- I guess -RRB- . I had orderd it because the amazon raiting was good enough but I did n't really read any reviews for it ... now that I have i see that this is a commun problem with it ... really , 30 F-ing minutes ?! any way . I 'm greatly dissapointed with it .
 I literally used this tool 3 times , each time for about 20 minutes , and it broke on the third time . one of the tips broke off , leaving the threaded part of the tip stuck forever in the tool , rendering it completely useless.even before the dumb tip broke and ruined the tool , it was n't that great . super uneven burning and unpredictable burn strokes , and it took a while to cool down after being unplugged.I would definitely not waste your money on this little guy .
 I returned this item as pen was very tinny and weak and broke when trying to change points even after allowing to cool TR
 I only got to use the tool two times and both of those time I was only practicing . The tool was dead by the third try .
 I bought this for stencil cutting , but this is definitely not made for that . The tip that it has for stencil cutting , is very fine , but still burns a lot more of the plastic than needed , so the images do n't look as they should , and you do n't even know what 's the image supposed to be.I guess it 's good for wood burning and other tasks . It comes in a hard small case , and the size is very convenient and practical .
 while using this tool to burn a design onto my tobacco pipe a couple of the tips broke . one broke , then i replaced it , and that one broke , then i replaced that one , and finally the next one broke off again but this time the bottom half of the tip got stuck inside the burner and there is no way to get it out or even attach any other tips because the broken one is stuck inside . now its just sitting in my garage not doing anything but wasting my money.thanks a lot you guys !
 It claims to twist easily and wind up the cord . Two of us could n't manage it and had to wind the cord by hand . My blinds are so long that this did n't really help allieviate the cord issue . I had to leave the cord long enough to be able to pull up and down on the blind , but then the cord wind up hung so low that it was able to be reached by my toddler . Do NOT get these if you have any intention of ever pulling up your blinds , they merely keep the cord up and out of the way if you only intend to twist open your blinds .
 Well , I feel ripped off but that is my fault . This item is made of plastic that has been painted . Absolutely NOT worth almost $ 30 -LRB- with shipping cost -RRB- I assumed it was made of ceramic . In my opinion this piece is only worth about $ 10 - $ 12 dollars max ! Oh well , live and learn .
 Looks a lot more cheesy than I expected . Plastic and will likely hold up well , but just not classy like I had hoped .
 This nightlight look better in the picture than the real thing . It is different and I like that
 Setup was not difficult , although it was a little tricky at times because the parts were marked with little stickers that mostly fell off during shipping ; overall we spent about 3 hours on saturday and another 4 + hours on sunday spreading a gravel base and putting the greenhouse together . Although this tent-style greenhouse is a little cheaper than the polycarbonate models , one of the big fabric panels was ripped all the way up to the top , the whole structure was REALLY flimsy and we had no confidence it could survive our sometimes-80 mph winds . We had to send the greenhouse back because of the rip anyway , but rather than replacing the ripped panel , we replaced the greenhouse with a polycarbonate model -LRB- which we LOVE ! -RRB- . For the money , we would recommend this greenhouse -LRB- non-defective -RRB- for areas without serious winds .
 On Amazon 's page this product says it does 3 heat 2 cool it does not ... it only does 1 heat one cool . . save yourself the trouble of having to return it if you have a heat pump with aux heat ...
 Bought this for my 87 yr old mother because she could not read the old one.I thought the display would be much brighter looking at the picture but it is not much better then her old one and the numbers are not that big.Manufactures need to start supplying better products for the elderly .
 The displayed image in distorted and misleading the LCD window is actually considerably smaller about 1.25 inches square and is very poorly lit nothing at all like the pictured unit which must be Photoshoped . I purchased this for my 80 year old mother thinking the display was easy to read and would be well lit , what a disappointment , Truly disappointed ! I will not buy another HONEYWELL , the next unit and a different brand will not be purchased sight unseen for fear of the same scam so beware . I guess I am off to the local home improvement store to purchase a different brand . VERY UNHAPPY . . NO ! I WONT SEND IT BACK I 'll JUST TOSS IT AND BE MORE CAREFUL in choosing the next one NOT HONEYWELL !
 I was expecting more from this product . In the description it says is a 3 way dimmer , but does n't say that you need a 3 way switch in the other location . You ca n't install two dimmers to control the same fixture.I bougth two pices of this trying to do a 3way dimmer.I just open the first box and read the instructions . When i noticed that you ca n't install two dimmers together , i put it back in the box . I dind n't installed this .
 I remodeled the main floor half-bath , and this awful switch is the one thing I hate . The lever has sharp corners and a huge seam down the middle . I suppose some emory cloth could fix that , but it would still have a cheap feel . BUT , the worst part is that the dimmer does not come on until you get to about 80 % on , then you have to go back down for dimmer . This totally defeats the purpose of not being blinded in the bathroom at 5am . I 'm disgusted .
 I purchasrd this product in Sept. of 2012 , and in less than four months later -LRB- in late Dec. of the same year -RRB- i notice the seam on the cover where plastic and fabric meet got separated , eventhough i was very , very careful every time i opened and closed the cover , and i used the cover maybe 3 or 4 times a week , the shalves seem to be solid but the cover is not good at all , would i buy it today ? probably not .
 Did not perform very well . The intensity of the bulb is just too low . Also , not really related to the product , I found it a few weeks later at a local retailer for about 20 bucks .
 basically it does not work ... we connected to the battery and it just flickered off on on . there must be something wrong with the connectors . it 's like too week to hang on to the batteries . so the power does n't go through and it will not stay lit .
 Got 3 of these and the 1st one just flickered . The second and third failed in a similar way before the night was over .
 This light is super cheap . Got in the water with my boat and when I turned it on it work for 15 minutes only and died . It is not wort-ed even $ 1 . I bought a professional after this made in USA and I 'm very happy with it.I paid for it $ 94.00 but It pays off . It is not worth-ed to get into the ocean spend $ 250 in gas and the light to die on you .
 Received late , broken , not properly packaged . Supplier sent RMA took a while to pick up and I am still waiting for my credit .
 This light is obsolete . It was one of the first LED flashlights on the market . LED flashlights have improved immeasurably since this model made its debut .
 I got one of these because of the LED light . It was one of the first . However , after about 2 months of non-use the switch broke . It will not stay on and the only way to use it is to hold the switch down . Although it looks like metal it is just plastic . Better to buy a good light made of aluminum .
 I 've had one of these for over 10 years now I believe and it 's beam is so unbelievably weak that it 's just about unusable . Look elsewhere .
 First off let me say the packaging was horrible , a large box with 7 of these in them with zero padding . Of course they were damaged.Second , I unwrapped one that appeared not to be damaged , moved the vent blades and the blades fell off.I did not bother to unwrap any others . Set up to return within 15 minutes of receiving items.Glad other reviewers had better luck .
 I thought I would save a few dollars and buy a cheap handle since I 'm living in a rented apartment . That was a bad choice . The nut is plastic and would n't hold in place . The handle would n't lock in tight and would commonly slip out . I tried to make it work , but everything failed . It just would n't hold together long enough . After giving up on this I bought the Danco 89450A . It costs a bit more but it 's built much better . It assembled easily and works perfectly . I would advise you not to waste your money on this product .
 I 'd rate the fan in the photo very high , but the photo is wrong , I had to return the fans . What I received was the triangle style EntreeAire fan , which does n't move nearly as much air .
 Installation is easy . Function is very good . Over the course of 3 years I 've had two of these just stop working . They 're expensive and not covered by warranty after the first year . Their lifespan is unacceptable .
 I have installed two of these switches in my laundry room over the course of about 5 years . They are easy to install and work well but after about a year to a year and a half , they break . One just stopped working after a about a year and a half -LRB- I think the internal electronics fried -RRB- and the manual switch on the second one broke after about two years so it only works in `` Motion Activated '' mode.I got aggravated after having spent $ 40 a piece and called Leviton to make them aware of the problems I was having . Thier customer service rep -LRB- Sonya -RRB- did n't seem to care one bit about my problems with thier product.So . . I will not be buying another . They must not be designed for `` high use '' rooms . I 'll go back to a good old `` on/off '' switch . Thanks Leviton for taking my $ 80 and leaving me with two broken switches .
 Installation is easy . Function is very good . Over the course of 3 years I 've had two of these just stop working . They 're expensive and not covered by warranty after the first year . Their lifespan is unacceptable .
 Broke after an hour of use . Had to get a refund .
 The picture did not represent what was sent . The picture shows 2 different styles of flanges only one was in the package .
 Not the actual thing , do n't buy . This knock-off is a waste of your money , it is n't the slightest bit reflective .
 I may have been expecting too much . I thought this would be reflective like the stripes on fire fighter jackets . It was not very reflective at all . I would not purchase it again . The quality was fine , just not very reflective .
 I put a few strips of this tape on my bike , but after a few rain storms worth of riding they are n't there anymore!I guess I should join the cycling-ninja gang now !
 For a 3M product , this one was pretty disappointing.First , it just did not stick at all to my surface . Considering that 3M makes the most aggressive glues in the world , I have to consider this a design defect.Second , it is reflective only head-on . I needed it visible at an angle , and it is just plain invisible at an angle.The pieces that had not fallen off , I tossed , and replaced with standard retro-reflectors and real glue .
 I purchased this product to place on a nylon dog leash . The tape started peeling off after the first walk . The flexiblity needed in the tape for the movement of the leash is not there . Do not purchase with the intent of using on anything that will be bent frequently .
 See title ... Very disappointing . The best and worse thing about the tape is the same - it 's very adhesive , but since it 's not reflective it 's worthless and now I ca n't get the worthless tape off my motorcycle panniers !!
 purchased it on 2012-06 . Unfortunately i do n't see any reflection effect . -LRB- checked during night , evening , day etc. . but no use -RRB-
 THOUGHT I WAS GETTING A ROLL OF THIS TAPE WE WERE GOING TO PUT ON MACK OF KIDS COSTUMES AND ITS PROBLEY 12 INCHES LONG
 This plug will work , and I realize it is not industrial grade , but I am not going to use it . I 'll list the negatives.It is made of cheap plastic , and I think it will not be durable . Perhaps not an issue if you plan to plug in a dryer or stove and not touch it for a decade.This plastic plug box has a very large hole for the cable to enter . There is a plastic insert one places in one of three configurations depending on the size of the cable . I had to read the instructions and pictures three times to fully understand it . It 's a little complicated , and another reviewer on another website never `` got it '' and complained of no stress relief.This plug hinges open to insert the blades and cable . Then one closes it and secure it with two screws . Leviton has high confidence that the cheap plastic hinge will last . But , I do n't . Should have four screws , one for each corner.The blades for neutral and ground fit snugly , but the two blades for 120 volts wiggle . Not a big deal , but not what I expect from a large established company like leviton.Here is the worst problem . When using a 0.7 inch cable even with the stress relief installed , there is plenty of room for insects to enter and setup a home inside this plug 's plastic housing . Perhaps the insects will get electrocuted , perhaps not . Either way , I do n't like this.I can see the flexibility this gives an electrician to stock this one plug for use with both 30 and 50 Amp receptacles , with the only difference being which grounding blade is used.But , I am going to a local hardware store to pick out a better plug .
 Unfortunately the ground prong broke off when the cord was jerked so that was disappointing . Apparently the prong is made from very brittle metal .
 Being a Leviton product , one might suppose it is the industry standard . Nevertheless , the connectors on the plug I got would not cinch tight on # 10 stranded wire , which should be a very common wire type for this application -LRB- and apparently among the gauges the plug is designed for -RRB- . I had to bend two ears on each terminal to get an improved fit when the terminal was screwed down tight . This took care of two of the three prongs , but it was still easy to pull the wire out of the terminal on the third prong . Unfortunately the third prong was the one that required some persuasion to force it into its proper position -LRB- the other two went in quite easily -RRB- , and the wire kept slipping out.After enough fussing it all went together , looks good , and works fine ; but I was surprised by the hassle .
 Had to replace after 2 years of light usage . Metal sleeve that holds chain popped out . Tried to repair , but then terminal screw hole stripped .
 Our toilet is only 8 years old and is only used a few times a day . So there is no reason why the old TOT trip lever should break . And it is irritating that it is so expensive . I wanted the gray one to match our existing gray trip lever . But it is back ordered -LRB- even on the Toto web site -RRB- . So we got chrome . Not happy .
 ZERO STARS . Yes , its from Toto . Yes it fits . Yes its pretty . BUT IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK . When you look at the other reviews do they say WHY their levers broke ? I know why ... the handle is cheap plastic that fatigues , cracks , bends and breaks on the inside -LRB- where it is hard to see -RRB- . It ca n't handle the stress of pushing the trip lever up and down day in and day out . OF COURSE TOTO KNOWS the part wo n't hold up , but anything to save a buck . Thank you , Toto.Do you have another choice in getting a replacement part ?? Metal parts exist , but are even more expensive ! I feel like TOTO has me over a barrel , but I 'm sure not going to praise them for deliberately screwing me . IF ANYBODY FINDS A BETTER PART AT A REASONABLE PRICE , PLEASE LET US ALL KNOW !
 What a disappointment . I bought this through a plumber -LRB- way expensive as it turns out -RRB- , and after insalling , I found that it does not lift the flapper enough to cause a proper flush , nor does the handle come back up to its full upright position after release . I have sent email to Toto to see what can be done .
 Mat was much thinner than I expected , and pretty much useless . The top cover is n't comfortable for bare feet , the bottom padding does n't even cover the whole mat , comes in a good 2 '' from each side , and at that did n't offer much padding . Definitely not worth the price .
 this was not a very good product after replacing the old mogel base , went to check the knob , however , there was no knob included with the product . Without the knob it is of no use , because you can not turn the light on . somewhere along the line i received an e mail stating that they would send the knob , but as of this date i have not received one . I checked all the stores within 15 miles of where i live however they do not sell a knob separately . So my 100 year old floor lamp sits there , and i am unable to use it since i do not have the knob ! I would like a refund or a knob or a new mogel base with the knob included . . I hope this is something you could do for me since i purchase a lot of things from amazon . sincerely , al fagundes
 The first Leviton 10097-008 switch that I installed in a ceiling light fixture only lasted a year before the threaded plastic mounting stem cracked off from the main housing . See the picture I posted above . I think I solved this problem when installing the second Leviton 10097-008 switch by hack sawing off a .098 inch thick slice from the old threaded aluminum end bell to make a round back-up nut that screws on the switch stem first and clamps the light fixture housing against the new end bell which screws on in the usual manner . See the picture of these two parts that I posted above . I made sure there was a small -LRB- .01 inch -RRB- gap between the inner face of the round nut and the main plastic body of the switch to insure that the clamping force from the end bell never gets to the housing / stem interface which is under / improperly designed.You will need to buy two switches in order to get a second end bell to make the .098 '' thick back-up nut from , but you can transfer the back-up nut and unmodified end bell to the second switch when the time comes to replace the first switch . Because the threaded plastic stem is only .31 inches long the lead-in bevels on the back-up nut and unmodified aluminum end bell must be filed off to get enough thread engagement on the plastic stem . When hack sawing off the .098 '' thick nut from the sacrificial end bell hold the aluminum end bell with a 3/8-24 threaded bolt.All of this may sound like a lot of work but the designed and made in China pull-chain switches like the ACE Hardware pt no. 30735 -LRB- by Zing Ear , pt no . ZE-109 -RRB- and GB -LRB- Gardner Bender -RRB- GSW-31 -LRB- by Shine Top , pt no . LS-301A-27-64 -RRB- -LRB- see my review on this switch -RRB- are hopelessly under designed garbage that will only last a few months before falling apart.Review up-date : One of the electrical contacts inside the Leviton 10097-008 switch burned out after 6 months of switching a 150 Watt incondescent light bulb about 30 times a day . See the picture above that I posted of this failure . I replaced the switch with an identical one . If this switch burns out prematurely I will replace it with the higher amperage rated Leviton 10041-500 -LRB- 6A 125 VAC -RRB- switch which has a housing and stem design similar to the 10097-008 and will also get the home made back-up nut.Review up-date number 2 : The second Leviton 10097-008 switch burned out after 6 months of switching a 150 Watt incandescent light bulb about 30 times a day . I replaced it with the higher amperage rated Leviton 10041-500 -LRB- 6A 125 VAC -RRB- switch which has a housing and stem design -LRB- i.e. , problem -RRB- similar to the 10097-008 and so it got the same homemade back-up nut installed . My suggestion is to not use the Leviton 3A switch but go straight to the 6A switch.Another possibility is the 6A 125 VAC rated Sinton pull chain switch E81372 distributed by Pass Seymour which is available on eBay . This switch lasted several years in my application and finally failed from fatigue failure of the torsional return spring .
 Bought two of these for shop . Neither one will hold a charge . Called Vector -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- was told `` ca n't replace parts/batteries '' send in or take to B&D repair center . These were brand new and all I can think of is the battery shelf life expired before sale/use . Typical poor Black & Decker support . I 'd look at a different model/company for a similar light before I 'd ever purchase this junk again .
 This plug does the job , but it does n't do it well.I bought this to power some new machinery in my home shop . There was already an old 220v line , but it had the wrong NEMA configuration . So , what should have been a five minute swap-out job ended up taking about an hour because of poor product design and quality.The wire clamps on this receptacle use some thin sheet metal nuts that float in place until you get the screw clamped down tight . Due to their size and awkward shape , you 'll have trouble holding them in place . You 'll drop them several times , and because they move around so much while tightening , you 'll probably have to tighten and loosen them two or three times to make sure the wire gets clamped down in the right position.To even get the nuts in place , you 'll have to take the screws out once -LRB- because they arrive half-installed in the product , I figure so they do n't get lost in S&H ;-RRB- , and since the nuts float around so much and are so hard to hold , the screws are going to end up rubbing against some of the surrounding encasing as they come out . That trashes the threads on the screw -LRB- it 's cheap metal -RRB- , and means that to fix the threads , you 'll have to clamp the nut in a vise , then run the screw back and forth through it several times.It was just a PITA to work with.Interestingly , the receptacle I was replacing was also a Leviton , but much older . It used a very sturdy fixed-nut assembly that made taking it out -LRB- and even reinstalling it , which I did last week before buying the new plug -RRB- extremely easy . Plus , the plastic case on it was more than twice as thick as the new one . The new one will flex under finger pressure alone , so be careful around it . You would n't want to accidentally bump it with a piece of steel tubing while welding or your might crack the case ... exposed wires ... steel tube ... 220v ... Not good.I 'd gladly pay double for something on par with the old receptacle , but of course , we do n't have that option . I suppose Leviton saves a quarter or so on each receptacle by using such a cheap design , and maybe -LRB- maybe ! -RRB- those savings are passed on to us , but I 'd rather pay the extra money and save the time and frustration.You might find something better at McMaster-Carr . I should have looked there first .
 It 's got a nice bright bulb , and a very good , highly reflective cone which focuses the light well . The grip on the unit is pretty well-designed and comfortable as well.Unfortunately , that 's the end of the pros . The switch is very sensitive , the slightest little touch or vibration and it turns on . I barely ever used it , but it was always dead when I needed it , and I had to replace the batteries every few weeks to keep it alive.Also , the cap on the bottom is very flexible and has very fine threads , so it 's quite difficult to re-tighten the cap properly . The ring on the bottom is a very fragile piece of plastic , making the ring completely useless.I do n't recomend this product .
 The light is hard to push on , it should be very smooth and easy to push not stiff to pus on.Not a very good design .
 The light is bright and focused - Which is true to picture but moreso than I expected . But my problem is with the clip - it is very difficult to open , and does n't open far enough for most items , key rings , claw hooks , lanyards . Do n't bother .
 straight out of the package this set had two major defects :1 -RRB- the outer blades leave a little V-groove along both corners of the dado , about 1/32 '' deeper than the rest of the dado , so it looks like the dado has tiny little horns on it .2 -RRB- the 1/16 '' chipper cuts a groove just slightly deeper than the 1/8 '' chippers , resulting in a stripe -LRB- you guessed it ! -RRB- about 1/16 '' wide and 1/32 '' deep.needless to say , this does not make for a pretty dado , and it 's getting returned.i did call Timberline to verify that I was reading their instruction manual carefully , and they agreed that I had set up the tool correctly .
 The original bulb did not last as long as the batteries . Replacement bulbs are ridiculously overpriced , and do not last any longer . When surefire sells you one of these , they have guaranteed themselves an income stream for life.This a great light for showing off , but unreliable and expensive to actually use . It also eats batteries , but I knew that going in.I have gone back to my Streamlight Stinger , as have all Surefire owners where I work . The Stinger is reliable and economical to operate . I work nights .
 Forget it . I wasted my money . The lamp was bright by it 's bygone era standards.I checked their warranty and their bulb is not even covered !!! What is this ? Does n't anybody stand behind their products anymore ?
 I feel cheated , mislead , & lied to . I read the product description . I read the product reviews . Both claim that this rotary blade is intended to work on fabric . Yet when I recieved the blade , the packaging said `` for paper only . '' Several reviewers even said it work well on fabric despite the packaging claims . I do n't know what fabric they used it on , but it could n't cleanly cut through cotton . I tried to cut a pretty scalloped edge onto a fat quarter , like you 'd find at all fabric stores . While the blade did indeed separate the fabric into smaller pieces , it took at least three passes . The finished edge was not scalloped but tiny , fraying squares . This product DOES NOT WORK ON FABRIC . Please fix your description .
 I was really disappointed in this Blade . It was not sharp enough for me and my application . I was tempted to send it back and might still do so . It is not imprinted with the Fiskars logo and although in the proper packaging , I question whether it is the genuine product . Any other blades I have purchased on line or in stores have worked fine . I like the design just not the sharpness .
 I have been an electrician for 30 years . I installed 8 of these timers in my own house 5 years ago . Given that I installed them correctly they have worked wonderfully . I have never had one lockup on me . However , I have had 5 fail because the buttons broke off . They appear to rely on a set of very small plastic tabs that retain them against the spring tension . I have found that a tab will break off causing the button to hang crooked then eventually another tab will fail and the whole button will fall off . There is no way to repair short of total switch replacement as Leviton does n't offer replacement buttons . The frequency of use certainly seems to be a factor as most of the failures are in the rooms most used . However , I think that they have a flawed design or material spec . problem . I recommend that you save your receipt for the warranty claim . Maybe they will get the message . I like the product just wish they would hold up better .
 A year ago I replaced a fan switch with one of those dial-timer switches which was very easy to install . I thought this switch looked a lot better and the quiet operation sounded great also so I purchased it . According to the manufacturer 's website , most new house 's electrical systems include a neutral wire configurations and since my house is one year old it did not occur to me check before ordering . My configuration only has a 3-wire setup and without the neutral wire , the timer wo n't work . One of my friend 's is an electrician so I called him and he said that generally only timers for HVAC systems in residential building have a neutral wire setup . So before you order , verify that your existing setup has a neutral wire , because it probably does not .
 After five years of daily use the buttons are starting to pop off . Works well otherwise but must replace . Very disappointing .
 Like another reviewer has reported , this switch worked fine for a while -LRB- and it 's convenient -RRB- but suddenly stopped sending power to the blue load wire . The LED and timer functions were still working but no power was being sent to the load . This happened after just 2 months of moderate use . It was controlling a small bathroom exhaust fan , certainly a legitimate application.Not sure what to do now . I guess I 'm supposed to contact the manufacturer for a warranty replacement -- Amazon is n't very helpful in this respect -- I could n't find anything about returning a defective device after 30 days .
 Works great . No problems after couple months . Its really tough to get this unit in with all the 12 gauge wires of a double gang box like I had . Easy install other than stuffing it all in the box . Not as easy to use in the dark as a regular switch , but LED helps you find it.UPDATE
 I returned the timer switch . I bought this timer switch thinking that I had finally found a push button timer switch for my bathroom fan . The rotary dial timer switch frequently `` hangs up '' and stays on forever . This push button switch was hard to find and expensive , but it was what I thought I needed . I took it out of the package and tried to wire it in where the dial timer switch had been . when it did n't work by just connecting white to white and black to black and ground to ground , I took a closer look at the many-fold , fine print instructions . Then I emailed Leviton technical support asking what to do . Here is their answer : ----- Original Message ----- From
 This requires a neutral . Make sure you have it set up this way before you buy this switch , or have easy access to add additional wiring .
 Purchased two of these switches . Used one to replace the old Handy Switch that used to sell on TV . The Handy Switch worked for 5 years before going bad . I replaced the Handy Switch with the Leviton switch . For starters , the wall switch does n't `` rock '' on and off like a normal Decora switch , but triggers on and off by pressure . The switch worked well about one day . Now takes several attempts to get the switch to turn on or off . You have to hit the switch just right in order for it to work . It is installed in my pantry . Most of the time I give up and rifle around in the dark or get a flash light . I was very disappointed in this item as I 've come to associate Leviton with a quality product . I was sadly surprised to discover that this product does not work very well.I DO NOT recommend this product until they refine the switch , or make the current design work better .
 I purchased two of these switches . One , thus far , has operated quite well . The other had problems `` out of the box . '' Removing the face plate screws proved to be a challenge . Apparently one of the screws was so tightly fastened into threaded brass ferrule that the ferrule actually `` spun '' in the plastic receiver that was holding the brass ferrule into which the faceplate screw was fastened . This necessitated the removal of the faceplate by `` coaxing '' it off the switch box faceplate mounting screws . Then , after remedying this solution , the switch operated properly for two days , and then commenced to function properly only sporadically . I returned it for credit . For me , a 50 % reliability does n't cut it .
 I purchased two of these leviton switches to control a set of table lamps . One in my bedroom lasted 3 days , while one in my family room lasted 3 weeks . Nothing seems to bring these back to life , even after replacing batteries and testing the units within close range . They worked great while they lasted , but now all I have are 4 screw holes to patch and $ 60 less in my pocket .
 The light switch is a lot cheaper looking / feeling than it looks online . The light switch itself does n't even rock like a real switch of this type would do . The screws are such poor quality that I could n't even remove one because it was so stripped which made it impossible for me to insert the batteries . All around a very cheaply made / looking item and not worth the $ 30 I spent on it even if it was n't defective . Gladly returning it to get a decent product instead .
 I have two of these remote switches , but they 're made by Westek . They are about the same price , but much better quality . The only reason I went with a different brand was because I needed three different frequencies and could not find the `` F '' frequency made by Westek . -LRB- The have D , E and F -RRB- The on/off switch on this one just does n't feel right and it 's not as responsive as the Westek . The major problem with this one , though , is that it would not work at certain angles . It only worked when plugged into the same wall as the switch . The other thing that bugged me is that the switch has this ugly , large `` ON OFF '' sticker on the switch . I peeled it off and it left a sticky residue that was almost impossible to remove . It took nail polish remover followed by a magic eraser .
 I have purchased three of these items and only one has worked as designed and I like other reviewers have had the following issues1 -RRB- the switch is extremely dirty due to the fact that the glue for the ON/OFF sticker is not easily removed .2 -RRB- the screws for the face plate are hit and miss . I was unable to unscrew them on one of the units .3 -RRB- hitting the button under the faceplate for the ON/OFF positions can become a pain . It may work 10 times in a row and then not work for another 20 tries . This is due to having to hit a small button like switch and it appears that the plastic does not always impact with sufficient force . If I hit the button switch directly with a screwdriver -LRB- face plate is off -RRB- it works reliably . It is just that poor plastic design.The quality of manufacturing must be poor to have 2 of three units with issues . I am not sure what the change in cost would be for the company to make this product more reliable but I could not see it being much and without the problems it is a very useful addition . The one unit that works has been working fine for over 4 months without any issues with the exception of the glue . I would recommend this product once Leviton get the bugs out of the manufacturing process .
 I purchased this to make a lamp switched in our baby 's room . Turns out the wall the lamp is not on the wall the switched outlet is on . I expected to be able to replace the existing wall switch with this device so it fit seamlessly into the existing switch bank -LRB- which has 3 switches -RRB- . I took a chance and got this despite not being able to find any information about the switch itself . The pictures made it look like it fit a standard box but it really does n't . Additionally , I was annoyed to find a cheap decal with `` on '' and `` off '' on it . This was not pictured anywhere . It requires 4 AAA batteries . Great that it uses standard batteries , but 4 of them means the case is huge -LRB- another sign it would n't fit in a standard switch box . -RRB- Lastly , for those considering it , the switch box is thick . A good 3 or 4 times thicker than a standard switch plate . Unfortunately , I 'm going to have to return it since it wont work in my application . Hope I can find something to meet my needs before our son begins to walk and needs to be able to turn the light on and off .
 The description says
 I bought two of these switches and thought I could use them on each side of a room to control lights plugged into different outlets . The transmitters -LRB- wall switches -RRB- did n't work to control both outlets . I tried both A and B frequency settings on both outlets and both switches . One switch controlled neither outlet on the A setting and would turn only one of the outlets on with the B setting . The other switch would turn on both lights , but turn only one of them off . My deduction is that there is terrible quality control at the manufacturer to allow the frequency ranges to be so diverse.I bought two competitor 's units at my local home improvement store for $ 9 less each . They work splendidly.Don ' t buy this junk .
 I highly recommend this switch but beware of its limitations . When I first bought this switch , I used it to put a few accent lights on one switch with all the wires out of the way . Currently , I am using the switch in my home office for my monitors , printers , and other peripherals that need to be turned off periodically . It works great.It looks very nice and is very easy to mount with 2 screws . It is , of course , thicker than a Decora wall plate , but what should one expect
 This is a great product - except for the switch itself which is cheap and completely lets the product down . It randomly switches itself off , and at other times wo n't let me switch it off without unplugging at the wall . I would n't recommend buying this product .
 I bought two of these so I could have a switch on both sides of the room . Initially , everything seemed ok . Then , I frequently had to press the ON several times for the light to turned on . Eventually , it did n't work at all . I switched to Channel B and everything was fine . For a week . Then , the lights started turning off at random times unexpectedly . Now , if I turn the lights on , with a second or two it , they turn off . So I tried the other plug in module . Turning on is an iffy thing . Levitan usually makes reliable products
 As commented by another reviewer , the switch does not work when both the transmitter and receiver are set to channel B.Channel A does not work for me -LRB- some interferences cause the light to go on and off repeatedly -RRB- , so this switch is useless for me.A total waste of money .
 Remote switch does n't work . I tried various positions for the antenna still the remote switch does n't work . It is waste of money .
 Be Aware !! The add shows them to be OLD !! Out of Date !! The add shows them to have expired back in 2011 . Shelf life long gone.Thanks to the guy that mentioned the low cost alternative
 These batteries had an unacceptably short life in my hearing aid remote control . They were either defective or so old that they had lost much of their charge . I will not purchase from this vendor again !
 A low cost alternative is to remove the casing from an alkaline 9 volt battery , which has 6 AAAA batteries inside !
 My device uses three at a time . The first three lasted for only a couple of minutes . I swapped out the batteries for the remaining three . Same thing . I then checked the expiration date stamped on the batteries . it was `` 0911 '' these batteries expired nine months ago .
 Only one gripe but it seems to be making itself more and more apparent to me . The batteries rattle around inside the body of the Stylus and the feel completely changes . I had been using Radio Shack batteries prior and never even thought about fitment because it was never a problem . Wo n't be purchasing these again . I plan on keeping the remaining three as a backup set .
 Amazon is asking me to review a product I ordered but never recieved . I would not order from this supplier or Amazon buyer beware . Amazon and there suppliers have not been shipping there product as sold .
 Not knowing about fuse sizes I ordered this to go with the fuse holder I bought on Amazon . These fuses are large size and not the normal fuse size . Therefore they did n't fit in holder .
 We purchased this greenhouse 2 years ago and loved it the first year . Unfortunately , the plastic covering started to wear and it dry rotted the second year . Additionally , the frame started to bend which caused stress on the zippered door which eventually tore . I would not recommend this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS GREENHOUSE . The concept is great but the design is very , very poor . The front plastic is too tight makeing zipping the door extremely difficult if not impossible . The plastic has already ripped and it is less than 3 months old . If I could return it I would .
 Purchased one of these from my local hardware store . I liked the idea of having something to protect my winter veggie garden from the sparrows while also helping it grow faster . In theory , this greenhouse would have been perfect
 I set up this greenhouse to protect my roses from the harsh winters in Colorado . I have had it up since October and it is already useless . The plastic froze and cracked or shattered in about two dozen spots and the door no longer zips . This is a terrible product , and yet if I want to return it , I only get a 50 % refund and I have to pay shipping . What a WASTE of money .
 Furniture Artist Review -LRB- average router hours per week 2 -RRB- I purchased this router about a year ago from woodcraft . It really excited me at first with it 's ample weight and abundant features.Early within the past year , the height adjust began to stick and raise the router at an angle . The bearings began to act lumpy , despite being used solely with desiganted dust collection . I thought something had gotten past my collector , so I began blowing the motor out on regularly after use.Yesterday while turning a CMT raised panel bit -LRB- not an uncommon task in my shop -RRB- the motor began to fluctuate RPM . I shut off the router after about 30 minute continuous duty , and heard sizzle . I decided to let it cool and come back . When I did the shaft had seized entirely.Conclusion ; Freud makes great cutting tools , those I will continue to buy . The power tools however leave something to be desired . I suggest you save that $ 200 and apply it towards a $ 350 PC7518 which will last decades beyond Freud 's bankruptcy .
 I like this router and I got it for a good price . As a fixed base router it works very well and is relatively quiet and smooth.I do have a few serious issues with it though.The router comes in a nice hard case , however , with the supplied vacuum hose attachment it will not fit in the case , and it is no quick feat to remove it either , you need to remove the motor from the base and then unscrew 2 TORX head bolts ! TORX !!! why?The main reason I got this router was for use in a router table , and it supposedly has pretty decent over-the-table adjustment , but it does not fit in my router table -LRB- Bosch -RRB- , and apparently , it does not share mounting patterns with any of the popular brands out there , so plan to buy a blank insert and drill it out yourself if you want to use this in a router table.Since I could n't use the Freud in my router table , I decided to keep my other router -LRB- RIDGID -RRB- in the table and set this one up for my dovetail jig ... NOPE , it does not accept a standard Porter-Cable style template guide without a sold-separately adapter , which I tried to order but got the wrong one so I STILL ca n't use it.The other 2 peeves I have about this unit are that the switch is confusing to turn off , anyone else who has used it says the same thing . And if I WAS able to mount this in my router table there would be no way to see what speed setting it is on , since it is only visible from the top , on my RIDGID it is visible from the side , so even in the table you can see what speed setting you 're on.Like I said , it seems to be a well built router but those few things that they dropped the ball on are real deal breakers and would make me recommend against purchasing it except for strict fixed base hand held routing . -LRB- without needing to put it in a case every time you use it -RRB-
 purchased for mounting in a table -- my mistake . at 2.25 hp , it is underpowered for that use . overall , the tool seems cheap -- terrible switch , imprecise fit to base causes difficulty in depth changes , above the table feature misleads you into thinking this tool is ok in a table . and , the adjustments are only possible by reaching under the table and helping the lift both up and down . removing the motor from the base is nearly impossible after it has been used , as it gums up the already too tight tolerances -- tried `` opening up '' the cast base to no avail . mineral spirits followed by silicone spray works briefly . do not try to use a panel raising bit -LRB- my bad , again -RRB- . did fine on sticks and copes and it seemed to work ok for about two panels , then the motor slowed erratically , followed by a lot of smoke -- not from burning wood , from burning motor . toast . admittedly , i abused it , but even for small work in keeping with its design intent , i disliked and regretted buying the router from the start . cant say i regret its demise . will be buying the correct 3.5 hp milwaukee . already have a 2.25 milwaukee and love it . all said , though , the price was attractive , at least .
 I purchased this router on a whim and quickly returned it . It seemed good and might be , however the supporting documentation was horrible , the tool did not exist on Freud 's -LRB- dissapointing -RRB- web site and no specs were available . They did supply a CD with the tool , but it did n't work and several requst to Freud for another went unanswered . Without this information I question Freud 's commitment to the tool and worried about future parts and service . I ended up with a Porter Cable and more spec and user information than I would ever hope for . Bottom line was comfort ... . I simply did not trust the tool or the company . Do yourself a favor ... . stick with a quality brand that is willing to support their tools .
 It has been 6 months since I mounted it in my table saw extension . Despite only occassional use the RPMs vary wildly with loading and it seems to have lost some significant power . I am sending it to Freud for repair . Although changing cutters from above the table is nice , all the raising and lowering of the motor is done from beneath the table . I have found it easier to adjust the precise cutter height by reaching under the table as the adjusting hole plugs with sawdust almost immediately . In addition , the height adjustment is very crudely executed with tremendous play between the base and the motor which shifts when the crude locking lever is engaged . These combine to undermine any pretense at precision . For a company that makes such precise blades and cutters I had expected a much higher standard of execution .
 I can not complain about the power of this router . The soft start and adjustable speed are nice as well . With that said , I would not recommend this router for use in a router table . The locking mechanism is sloppy at best , when released the motor shifts in the base making adjusting a bit of guess work . All Freud could suggest was tightening the lock lever -LRB- made things a little better but not good enough -RRB- . Adjusting from above the table is not worth the aggravation with this router . The adjustment holes are obviously close to the bit -LRB- not freuds fault , just the nature of the beast -RRB- . Two problems come from this
 I purchased this router a year ago for permanent installation into a router table . I was attracted by the height adjustment and spindle lock from above the table , and thought I could save money over an expensive router lift . However , from the start , I noticed a lot of backlash in the height adjustment . Also , the spindle would shift from side to side if the height adjustment direction was reversed . I decided to live with it . Then , the height adjustment socket in the base -LRB- made from plastic -RRB- stripped , forcing me to reach under the table to change the height . Recently , the spindle lock stopped working . Today , the motor died . I 'll stick with Freud blades and bits , but avoid buying anything from them that plugs in .
 I bought this router based on what I had heard about this product line . Nothing but good things ... well I hope that changes because after gettign this expensive router home the adjustment has too much backlash for such a high end product and after I overcame that the router body drifts down with each consecutive pass . Afet all possible adjusments had been made the problem persisted . I am returning this router and sticking by my old steady Bosh and DeWalt .
 This pen is expensive and I would n't consider buying it again . It does n't stay on when you press the button , you have to keep your finger on it for the light to work . Not the happiest of buys !
 I have owned three of these and all three have done the same thing . Afer a month or so the light works intermittently and you have to shake it or hit it with the palm of your hand to get it to work . It seems like there is a loose connection or something . If it didnt have this issue I would give the light a great review but since all of the ones I have had failed in the same way it falls short of being a solid tool in my opinion .
 I purchased this to replace a medical penlight that had broken . Once I received it , the package had a warning on the back that said ... Warning
 I am impressed with the amount of light , the tiny weight and just all around feel of this flashlight . I would even say it is perfect , except for one thing . THE END PIECE WHICH HOUSES THE LENS , WILL BREAK OFF IN YOUR HAND ! . The aluminum is body is strong - that I admit . However , the threaded portion is Paper-thin ! Seeing as though you have to unscrew the lens piece in order to replace batteries , it is little more than a disposable .
 I bought this penlight and had to buy another brand since this one basically fails on most levels . First of all , it 's really long , about two inches longer than a regular pen , so it does n't really fit well in a coat pocket . Second , the pen does n't work like a normal penlight , e , g , click the button it 's on , click the button it 's off . Instead the button has to be held in to keep the light on , or you can twist the end to keep it on . Not a very convenient set-up since it takes two hands to turn the light on and keep it on . And finally , as a diagnostic tool , the light is way too bright for most patient 's eyes.On the upside , the light is really bright . That may come in useful someday . For now , I have a very nice $ 3.00 penlight I got elsewhere .
 I bought two of these and they both have the same problem - bad tail switch connection . I have cleaned the tail switch , stretched the spring , but nothing helps for a permanent solution . The tail switch connection is an on-going problem . It will work for a few minutes or even an hour , then it will not work and I will have to clean it again.WHAT I HAVE LEARNED ABOUT STREAMLIGHT FLASHLIGHTS - All the small lights -LRB- Stylus , Stylus Pro , Jr. , Baton , Key-Mate , etc. -RRB- SUCK ! And it is always the same problem - the tail switch will stop working or work intermittently . They do n't know how to make a quality small flashlight . HOWEVER , the mid to large size flashlights starting with the Scorpion are dependable and excellent in quality . I have been using the old Xenon bulb Scorpion for over 5 years without a problem and the same for the halogen bulb SL-20X . If you want a quality small flashlight , go for the Inova 's . They have never failed on me.I will never buy a small model flashlight from Streamlight again . Did I mention that they are junk ? Well , they are .
 it is a good flashlight but that 's all it is ... i bought this thinking i was buying a stylus with a flashlight but it is just a stupid flashlight pen with just the design of a stylus ... none the less , disappointed .
 This light has a blue tinge to it , so the light is not really white . Fine for reading maps , maybe not good for looking down the throat or distinguishing colors . .
 I 've owned eight Streamlight flashlights and only one still functions . My original Scorpion is still going strong after years of use as a Peace Officer working in the Criminal Warrants Division of a large law enforcement agency . I owned three Stylus flashlights and all of them quit or became glitchy . Five of the eight Streamlights used LED 's and the electronic guts in them just did n't last . I would n't depend on one in a survival situation .
 THESE BUNGEE CORDS WERE FEATURED WITH A TARP THAT I HAD PURCHASED . I ASSUMED THAT THEY BWOULD BE USED TO TYE DOWN THE TARP . BUT THEY WERE LIKE NO OTHER BUNGEE CORD THATI HAD SEEN AS THEY HAD NO HOOKS TO GRAB THE GROMMETS ON THE TARP . THEY ARE USELESS .
 I assumed that 8 inches would be the length from the ball to the point where the loop ends . This measure , in most of mine , averages 6 inches . One could get 8 inches if you were to measure the length of the cord . -LRB- That is , if you were to cut the ball off , lie the cord flat , and then measure the entire cord length.The manufacturer states on the bag that the loop should be stretched no more than 50 percent more . In my mind , that would mean a 9 inch span for the ones I received and NOT a 12 inch span.I will probably return mine .
 Much of what I am saying has been documented in other comments -- I am just adding bulk here . I have replaced a number of toilet guts in my house , my rental houses , and for my handyman customers . It still takes me 1 1/2 hours to remove the tank , then replace the parts and tank . That makes it particularly galling when , two years later , the flapper quits . I have never found a flapper replacement that will work , including a Fluidmaster replacement . In some cases , it could be the tank gasket is giving out , but that does n't matter much . If you have to take the tank off you might as well rebuild the toilet . Obviously unacceptable . I went here looking for someone who had the same problem that found an alternative make . Korky is the only recommendation I saw .
 Let me preface this review by stating I am a union pipefitter . which while not being a plumber , the two trades are similar , and I have quite a bit of experience in commercial and industrial piping . All the other reviews are correct in stating the instructions are not written very well . This project is n't brain surgery , but if you have never tackled it before it may take a little time and common sense . One aspect of the instructions that may be confusing for the novice home repairman is that the instructions may show parts that are not actually included in the kit . And nothing is stated about these parts not being quite universal -LRB- several reviewers specifically site gerber brand toilets -RRB- . I have used fluidmaster repair kits in the past , with great success . But from the minute I opened this kit it was obvious the quality has gone down . The flapper will not seal completely , causing a continuous slight trickle into the bowl -LRB- which over time , can get very costly -RRB- . I even replaced the flapper , with another fluidmaster , and have the same problem . The fill valve , I 'm guessing due to the constant leak , will activate a few times an hour for just a few seconds each time . Not only is the sound annoying , but everytime you hear it is costing you money . I am very disappointed with this kit . After having it installed for two days I am going to go through the hassle of removing all the parts and replacing them with heavier duty , and hopefully better working , american standard parts -LRB- brand of toilet I own -RRB- .
 I purchased this kit for 20 $ after trying just replacing my flapper and found the flapper seat the cause i decided to purchase this kit since my handle was also broken . The kit fixed everything and created a leak externally . I had to cut the overflow tube down with a dremel tool since i had the tank already on but no big deal . when i got done and flushed it leaked on the floor . The red gasket was leaking right from the top since it wasnt thick enough and also is pourus . Tryed several times with no luck . finally put the old gasket on and it sealed 99 % but still a drop after a few flushes would hit the floor so back to home depot . Bought the extra thick tank to bowl gasket which almost was identical maybe 1/16 '' thicker . Put that on and no more leaks . Instructions didnt have anything describing the tank bolts and washer location . You arent suppose to have any washers in the tank and if there is enoug room between the tank and bowl use the extra nuts and washers to tighten against both sides of tank so all the water doesnt leak on the floor every time you disconnect the wing nuts since you will be prob taking it apart several times if you decide to use the supplied red gasket that is crap and spongelike porus material . Also doesnt describe well how to adjust the height of the fill valve , i ended up putting it in at minimum height and it still works fine but wish i would of known beforehand so i could have more water in the tank now . now that everything is said and done the kit works perfect but i still think they should have a little bit thicker gasket and higher quality so you dont have to go back to the store for anything . Also dont call something universal that isnt . My toilet is a WC Water Closet model and the gasket was thick to begin with .
 This was my first time replacing anything in the tank of my toilet . So when I found water was leaking through the red gasket that comes with the kit , I assumed that I had n't tighten the hex nut enough ... So I unscrewed the tank -LRB- again -RRB- to tighten it as much as possible without breaking the tank . After testing the water leak again , I found out that it was STILL leaking through the red gasket . I got so frustrated that I decided to research it online . It turns out most of the reviews online explain the same problem.No matter how tight you make everything , water leaks through the red gasket . Not just around it ... through it . It 's a good thing that I did n't throw away the older gasket . I 'm going to have to use that until further notice ...
 I installed a Fluidmaster Pro to replace a leaking toilet control . The instructions were not very good and the illustrations were poor . I have repaired toilet valves a number of times so the instruction quality was not very important for me . I am very handy at fixing things around the house and I enjoy repairing things not just for me but for the neighbors as well.The Fluidmaster would not stop running . It would turn on every 10 to 20 minutes and run for a few seconds . It was in our bedroom so I would hear it wasting water . I purged it several times per their instructions and it just kept running . I purged it and adjusted it again and again and nothing change . It kept turning on for no reason every now and then . I finally got mad and bought a new one but made by Korky . The Korky one installed more easily with better instructions better quality and worked fine right away.So my final advice is to buy Korky and avoid Fluidmaster . The Fluidmaster valve is just too finicky .
 When you have a house built , the contractors will put in toilets with the cheapest innards you 've ever seen . My house came with Mansfield toilets . Old style float bulb garbage . Within a year the fill valve on 2 of them broke , so I decided to just buy all new innards for all of them , replace the plastic fill lines with steel braided ones - the works . So I bought the complete Fluidmaster kits.The most striking thing about these kits is how absolutely TERRIBLE the instructions are . I 'm a glutton for punishment , and this is FAR from my first home improvement job . I 'm the guy people call to put things together . I have seen some bad instructions in my day , but nothing as bad as these . One big sheet , English in the front , Spanish on the back.Now the job is n't that hard if you 've done it a few times ; but there are some steps that you can not skip without making a royal mess . There is no emphasis added on those steps , everything is treated the same . The `` helpful '' illustration - here 's a perfect example - to remove the tank , you have to remove 3 -LRB- sometimes 2 -RRB- bolts . Big , flat head suckers . They show a screwdriver going down into the tank . What they do n't show is the gymnastics you will try to accomplish to secure the nut on the bottom from rotating as you turn the bolts . You need a screw driver at least 2 feet long to pull it off by yourself.Then there 's other stupid stuff . The fill valve gasket is a piece of rubber , and they used the same piece of rubber to make a gasket for the fill line . You 've got to ` carve ' it out with an X-acto knife . WHY ??? The newer kits that are sold now come with a `` Leak guard '' attachment that adds way too much complexity for very little benefit , and the flapper that comes in this kit is different than the good one you buy separately . It has this dial on it where you 're supposed to be able to adjust how big the flush is . It 's so stupid and it does n't work . It kept closing way too quickly no matter what setting I had it on . I took it off to see if I could figure out why it was n't working , and a plastic piece in the center of the rubber plug popped out . Nice . I got it back in , but then I could n't get the flapper to stop leaking . I finally replaced it with another flapper . $ 8 down the toilet literally.So forget Fluidmaster . You 've been warned .
 Bought it at Home depot . Instructions could be better but I got away with it . The design seems odd the way the leak control lever connects to the float and good luck if you have to go back into the tank to re-attach or fix any of it . After a couple of months the leak control and float stopped working - I fiddled with it and it seemed to work for a short while . Now the flapper seems to leak -LRB- a lot -RRB- and since the leak control lever broke -LRB- see previous comments -RRB- the toilet refills frequently.Bottom line is that this should be very straightforward and reliable - it is neither !
 The kit was easy enough to install , though I cringed when comparing these lightweight plastic components to my worn-out but heavy duty American Standard parts . After a few months , the fill valve water level sensor started sticking -- so the tank would n't refill -- I had to open the tank and tap so it would drop to the water level . Then the flapper started getting stuck in the open position . Tonight , the whole damn valve failed , and my bathroom had an inch of water in the few minutes it took to turn the water shutoff .
 Never mind the details , this is the second of these that after a while starts to leak into the bowl . I simply CA N'T BELIEVE that after decades of plumbing , they ca n't make a product that works , and that there is so little competition . This thing sucks ; I 'm gon na try and find something else .
 I had to buy this product three times because the first time I bought it the fill valvue would n't fill . The second time because the top popped offwhen I turned the water on . The third one I purchsed finally worked ... sort off ... . I have to flush the stupid toilet twice to get anything to go down -LRB- I noticed that the box said you would have to do that ... . after I bought it -RRB- . You know how stupid that is when you got six people trying to get ready in the morning to have to keep flushing a toilet twice to get the poop down . GARBAGE PRODUCT ... . AVOID AVOID AVOID !!!!
 Just got one of this kit to re-gut our 10-year-old toilet . At first the tank-to-bowl gasket leaked -LRB- it looks more like a sponge than a rubber seal , for that matter , -RRB- it was n't leaking from the edge but through the middle of the piece ... . We got another one from Home Depot and fixed the problem . One day later , the fill valve start to make noise once every 50-60 minutes . We took the tank apart and found water dripping -LRB- not just leaking , the water visibly dripping -RRB- through the seal at the bottom of the flush value , which constantly lower the water level in turn activating the fill valve.To avoid further problem , we replaced the whole set with the american made equivalence from Korky . Everything fixed in one shot - have n't had any problem since this morning . It is also super quiet when flash -LRB- no normal hissing sound from average toilets . -RRB- I have no problem with inferior quality -LRB- if the price is significantly lower , -RRB- but selling something that does n't work is simply wrong .
 My toilet was dripping into the bowl causing it to drain and refill . A new flapper did n't solve that problem , apparently it was the inside gasket.First problem was the gasket to tank to bowl . I have an old Gerber toilet and the gasket included is nowhere near the fit it needed , and the directions do n't even allude to that possibility . I went to three hardwares before I found the right one.Now it flushed without gushing from tank to bowl , but constantly ran into the bowl , causing the water to continually turn on and off . I took off the weak , poor fitting red flapper , and replaced it with the black `` bullet '' style one I took off . Problem solved . I wish I had seen these reviews first . Others have complained about the flapper not working.Fluidmaster seems to have the toilet repair market cornered . It would nice if they would address the differences in toilets . Nicer if their parts worked .
 Those switches are much bigger then you think they are.Low quality and flimsy.However they do work .
 I needed a dimmer application for the display I was working onand this one was a pip ! . . what a cheap piece of crap!nothing about it was suitable . Dimensionally inadequate for anystandard american electric cord!I had to cut a new opening on each end to jicky/jack a wayinto making it useable , and then I could only screw it partway shut , but at least it did work . . it 's a toy and not a safe appliance by any means , made to tinyinadequate standards & dimensions by tiny underpaid people , the same ones who brought us tons of poison dogfood & toothpaste.There ought to be a law against releasing this kind of junk intothe Ametrican marketplace !
 I bought this product from Amazon . Product did not work and I have spent hours trying to get it working . Do n't buy it .
 The switch & remote were within 10 feet of each other -LRB- maximum range said to be 50 ' -RRB- . They were even in line of sight . It worked marginally the day I installed it -LRB- requiring me to hold the remote switch for 2 seconds to get it to work -RRB- . Went on vacation & came back a week later , and it failed to work entirely . I changed the batteries , re-adjusted the antennae , and went through trouble shooting with the company , but the unit was deemed defective . I returned it for a refund . Other reviews said it did not work reliably , so I never purchased a new one .
 The swith fits too tightly into a standard wall mount box . I had to file the box down to get it in . Unfortunately the box was so tight that the antena wire got caught between the switch an the box . It shorted out and destroyed the switch . I now have a $ 27 hunk of plastic . Do n't try to mount this in remodel box . In fact I would not mount it in any metal box as the metal acts like a shield for the signal from the transmitter .
 Only for standard bulbs , not for compact fluorescent bulbs , should be stated more clearly this does n't support CFB .
 I have had nothing but problems with this since I bought it.I installed it as shown in the instruction and it did not work.after rereading the insturction and reinstalling it it still did not workI took it to my shop and was testing it when I noticed a very very small switch that turned the unit off and on . There was no mention of this switch in the instruction at all . Of course it came turned off.I reinstalled the switch and it worked great except with flousant lights they flicker very fast so could not use the floursant light bulbs . Also the unit when on interfers with every radio in the house . It is now not working again and not sure why . This only worked for 2 weeks .
 I purchased this wireless switch from Home Controls , Inc. -LRB- HCI -RRB- based on the advertised 500W rating . Once I recieved the switch the 300W -LRB- not 500W -RRB- rating was clearly labeled on the packaging . Since the product would not meet my needs and I did n't open the package I thought I could easily get a refund and look for an appropriate product to meet my needs from HCI or another vendor . I called HCI and explained the problem . I received a return authorization number but had to spend $ 10 + to return the product . To add insult to injury , once the refund was processed HCI did n't even refund their original $ 6.80 shipping charge . So for trying to purchase a product from HCI I lost $ 17 , which is over 50 % of the $ 29.90 selling price . In the end I learned a lesson and HCI lost a future customer . Correct specs are the key for any electrical and electronic purchase . I will no longer consider purchasing any products from them for fear that false advertisement of important specs will needlessly cost me in the end !
 The product caused flickering in both florescent and incandescent bulbs . Died after 6 months . Worthless .
 We purchased this wireless switch because we do not have access to the wires in the old plaster walls upstairs . It did not work . We sent it back and tried a Heath Zenith . It worked right away and is still working .
 I installed this switch and the remote does turn the light on and off . However , the light keeps turning back on after a short period of time . The product seems to be very poorly made and , as other reviewers have noted , does not function properly . This is too bad because the idea behind the product is great . However , the product itself was a huge was of time . I am returning it to Amazon for a refund.Like some other reviewers , I have purchased and installed theHeath Zenith BL-6133-WH Basic Solutions Wireless Switch and Wall Switch . This switch does not look as elegant as the Leviton switch , but the Heath Zenith switch turns the light on and off reliably with the radio control
 Completely unusable for living areas with low-voltage halogens . The obnoxious buzz emitting from any 110/12V transformers controlled by this switch is unbearable . I tried to cover them up somehow , but the buzz is just too much , too loud for any such measure . I am so disappointed that someone would pull a `` design '' like that . This is not a galvanic switch , it 's some kind of a triac based voltage scrambler . The switch switches off when the load is disconnected , by the way . I have 4 halogens in this room , which I wanted to control by this remote switch and pulled them out one by one to see if one of them is making this noise , but in fact every transformer was `` buzzing '' equally in quartet , so to speak.Ah well , pack and send back . Made in China , how symptomatic.For what it 's worth , an information which I missed in Leviton description and every other review here : The receiver takes 4 AAA batteries , and can be attached to the wall using adhesive tape , no any wall opening would be necessary .
 I had great hopes for this switch . It promised to solve a problem in my garage - two doors and only one light switch . Before ordering I was surprised to find many wireless switches designed for just that purpose . I chose one that was not the cheapest ; one that promised just what I needed , backed by a good manufacturer . After having it installed for a month , I am convinced to look for a replacement.Although it was easy to install , it is a pain to use . Because the light can be easily dimmed by using the wired switch , the light is constantly dimming , and can be corrected only from the wired switch . What someone thought was a cute idea is a real bother . Also , both switches are marked with a decal for off/on . But in order to get them to work , you must hit the switches exactly on the markings , or the switch does not work . This is not a switch that you can carelessly tap as you enter or leave the room . You must stop and carefully tap where indicated , and if you do n't want to find the light still on the next time you enter the room , you had better pause to make sure the light goes out .
 I ordered 2 of these.After installation , I found one of the remote switches not working . I returned it to Amazon and they sent me a replacement.The replacement 's remote switch uses 4 AAA batteries as opposes to the 2 that the broken one and the 2nd one from my original order.After a few days , the other original switch stopped working . Amazon is sending me a replacement unit . I 'm just hoping it 's the new design that uses more batteries.I truly believe that the transmitter using 2 batteries is just not powerful enough.I 'm keeping everything crossed that the 2nd replacement unit is to 4 battery version . That one seems to be working perfectly .
 There were no mentions of this on the web site description , but this product is for Incandescent ONLY.I found it out the hard way when the fluorescent light flicker badly after I install it.Other than that ... PROS : - Great idea if for incandescent application . Easy way to add a 3 way switch without rewiring . - Reasonable priceCONS : - Not compatible with fluorescent - The switches -LRB- both on the receiver & the transmitter -RRB- does not have a good feel . You have to apply a bit of pressure and it does n't not `` click '' or give any kind of mechanical feel . - The receiver -LRB- the part that goes into the wall replacing the original light switch -RRB- is really big and pretty much occupies the entire opening of the metal box in the wall . So , it is tricky if you have other wires in there . I also had to enlarge the dry wall opening a bit so that this can go in . - Takes 4 AAA batteries !
 I have had this product for almost two years and it has never worked consistently . In fact , I just keep the lights on now because the remote does n't do anything . I have tried it on both channels , with both incandescent and flourescant bulbs , with new batteries , and nothing works .
 I would n't recommend it . Installed in a partially finished basement . The lights are more dim and flicker , but I am sure I followed the directions correctly . The switch does turn on and off properly . The switch looks like a normal light switch , but the switch does not switch between up and down when turned on and off . You can push up to turn it on as many times in a row as you like . The rocker returns the physical switch to the middle , but the light stays on until pushed down to turn off .
 I 'm an electrician . I 've heard nothing but horrible things about this switch a few years back , but I thought maybe there may have been a bad run of them . It 's a cool idea ! Within 5 minutes it was installed . I worked for all of 10 minutes , then nothing ! the transmitter stopped transmitting . Yes , the batteries were new . Simply , it 's a Chinese made POS ! It 's one of those things that 's good in theory , but not in practice . Go to the extra distance and pull the 3-way switch cable through the wall . It 's reliable and worth it . There are NO FREE LUNCHES !
 Got one of these ; did n't work . Got another ; did n't work . Searched several non-Amazon sites and found a Heath-Zenith unit that , after I re-researched the Amazon site , found it buried in its bowls . Obtained this product -LRB- from Amazon -RRB- , installed it and it works GREAT ! The unit is Heath-Zenith SL-6133 ; why Amazon does n't have this on its primary search venue is beyond me and disingenious . Yo ! Amazon ... save your clients the trouble and yourself the return shipping fees ; put Heath-Zenith SL-6133 on your primary site and delete Levitron .
 I bought this product to solve the exact problem it was designed for
 Remote switch often fails to turn circuit on -LRB- may be related to fluorescent lighting , but fails even if I place an incandescent light in the ceiling set -RRB- . I know the signal reaches the base unit , because the remote unit will always turn the circuit off once the base unit is used to turn the circuit on . Bottom line -- poor design , would not recommend .
 I bought this switch inspite of negative feedback because I wanted the rocker style to go with the other switches in my house . I installed the switch and got it to work . It worked -LRB- most of the time -RRB- for two days and quit . I checked the connections and the were solid . I have returned the switch to Amazon . Please save yourself the grief , do n't buy this product
 I have gone through two of these -- the first one , which did n't work at all , was replaced by Leviton . The second one worked for a month or two and then stopped . Leviton is refusing to do anything , despite repeated calls . The company simply does not stand by its products . I 've been told to buy the much more expensive -LRB- by 4 times -RRB- product the company now sells , as it is `` much better . '' Meanwhile , I 'm stuck with this lemon . Do NOT buy .
 1 -RRB- When you buy it there is no way to know that the switch does not work with florescent .2 -RRB- It simply does not fit into a wall-box .
 This will not work with LED or florescent lights due to the built in Dimmer which is n't mentioned in this listing .
 I have a simple wiring situation I thought would be a simple fix.The bathroom light switch is on the outside of the bathroom , and I want another switch , on the inside , a foot away . I read the negative reviews about this switch and figured it was so close , it could n't fail.Wrong.It continuously turns itself on or off at will . I thought I may have a dud.Third switch in ... runs for a few months , then it starts turning itself on and off at will , again.The reviews are right.This is a piece of crap.I 'll be trying another one , but it sure wont be another Chinese made Leviton for what they used to charge for their formerly American made products ...
 Mag lights are the standard for all flashlights but spend a litle more for the Mag-Lite ST3D016 3-D Cell LED Flashlight . I own both . They have the same brigtness and focus but the extended battery and bulb life of the LED more than makes up for the price difference . Go green !
 One month after purchase and during its 3rd or 4th use there was a sudden noise and no more vacuum . I determined the impeller `` keeper '' had come off the motor shaft , the impeller had flown off and was ruined , and of course no more suction . -LRB- ShopVac has sent a new power head . -RRB- Closer examination suggests the same problem may occur again -- and again . The impeller is made of extrememly light aluminum , and although there is a stablizing collar on each side , the keeper is nothing more than a friction fit/push-on nut rather than a threaded fitting . In addition the attachments are cheap , and their storage and power cord storage interfere with one another . The price of this model has been dropping . I think I know why ...
 When this product first arrived it worked very well having a ton of suction.I am not sure what happened , but within 2-3 weeks the suction has decreased to the point that I do not use the product any longer . Cleaning the tank and filter does no good the the suction is basically gone .
 OK -- if you expected the Shop Vacuum 6 Gallon to be a good intermediate shop vacuum think again . The vacuum has little pick up power and what it does pick up plugs the hose so you are constantly unplugging the hose and clearing the clogs . This vacuum could be a really great vacuum but it needs some major modifications . If I could return it I would as it has not met my expectations in the slightest way.Go to Sears and buy one of their beefy vacuums for about the same price , you will be time and money ahead of me with this purchase .
 Everything about this vacuum makes me think it 's junk . When will these manufacturers learn that consumers are craving a better-made shop vacuum ? It is at the point now that I must be careful when I choose to vacuum because this thing just puts me in such a foul mood . It is just such a piece of garbage that I want to drive over it with my truck and then burn what 's left.Like almost every other shop vacuum manufacturer , the friction fit attachments , wand , and hose require Atlas-like strength to stay together . If you dont force them together , they simply come apart at the worst possible moment . Oh , I could count a million times this has happened to me . Recently , my wife was kind enough to clean my shop while I was away . Her first comment was `` That shop vac is a real piece of crap . Now I know why it makes you so grumpy ! `` Let 's not forget the wheels either . Even the wheels are junk . Will these manufacturers ever learn to make a shop vac that can roll over its own power cord ? When the wheels hit the cord , the whole unit comes to an abrupt halt ; often pulling the hose apart from the wand -LRB- see above -RRB- . Then you have to go back to the vacuum , spin it off the cord , and reassemble any parts that have come off.The most used but least effective tool on the unit is the floor sweeper . Why oh why do they put the bristle part in front of the vacuum area on this fitting ? It just makes the attachment spread the dirt . Honestly now , does this company ever try to use their own product ? I doubt it.The hose on these units are such a joke . Its like pulling a Slinky around the shop . The hoses are cheap and flimsy . Give the hose a slight tug and the shop vac does nothing . Give it a firm tug and it comes racing at you like greased lightning . Look out!Then there 's the filter issue . It clogs too easily . The only time you have real suction is when the filter is first cleaned . Within 5 minutes of use , more than half of the suction power is gone.And lastly , there is a serious noise issue . A shop vac will make you deaf . The high pitch whine -LRB- even with the overpriced `` muffler '' -RRB- drives an annoying sound through rooms , up stairs , and into your neighbor 's house.There are no good options for shop vacs . The Ridgid , Craftsman , and Shop Vac units are all the same . Each is junk . Save your money and buy a good quality broom and dust pan . Sweeping is fast , simple , and far less frustrating .
 as a dry vac , you will spend more time unclogging the hose . the hose only has an 1 '' opening if your really have a job for this shop vac , that you would n't ask of your vacum cleaner it 's going to be stop and go detaching the hose to reatach it to the blower side to try to get something minor as paper not over the size of a bubble gum wrapper with 3 small less then an inch dirt clogs will stop this shop vac in it 's tracks . . Pros , , can see how it would make a decent wet vac for just having to suck up water ... . Seems like a decent motor and power to it ...
 It works ! What else can you say about a light switch . Ordering from the Acehardwareoutlet site was a horrible experience . I would never order from them again .
 For some reason , this switch does not allow the full amount of light through the fixture . It seems to light fixtures to only about 80 % of their total . I have even tried this with a very simple fixture . I can NOT recommend this dimmer !
 I OWN 4 EMGLO AIR COMPRESSORS I USE ON THE JOBS WHERE CAN I GET THEM REPAIRED I LIVE IN ROCHESTER N.H.
 The long arm is well made , But , When extended it like trying to wash my Fifthwheel with a fishing pole.Flexies to much . Ca n't put any pressure up high . I bought this so I could wash from the ground and not from a ladder .
 I 'm a fan of other Kohler products but I hate this drain setup.It uses a spring at the bottom to lift the stopper . This spring collects hair and soap scum , eventually causing the drain to stop flowing . So much for the `` ClearFlo '' marketing hype . And according to Kohler support it was DESIGNED to do this ? Designed to require tools for basic cleaning ? That 's plain stupid.What 's worse is you have to totally disassemble the overflow cover to get at it . This requires using a philips screwdriver . WTF ? Be ready to head out to the hardware store to buy new screws if you accidentally drop them . Then you have to take great care not to disturb the adjuster , it 's fragile . And if you have the misfortune of disturbing it the instruction manual is NOT clear about how to readjust it.Bottom line , DO NOT BUY this drain assembly . It 's more trouble than it 's worth .
 This product took about three days and the switch does n't work . Overall the aesthetics is great and it appears sturdy , but the switch mechanism and the bulb holder are loose and I ca n't find a way to tighten ... it will likely soon be in the garbage .
 After perhaps six uses in the first day , the pole no longer locks into place at various lengths . Garbage . Do Not Buy
 Even when it locks it 's still sloppy , extension will jiggle when rolling . The Purdy only costs a little moreand is a much better pole .
 This is a great concept if the pole was maybe aluminum , it 's too heavy to hold in place . I tried to use to spray an infestation of yellow jackets i had in my house . It 's extremely difficult to manipulate the can unless you are spraying straight on . Unless you are very strong do n't attempt to use this .
 After perhaps six uses in the first day , the pole no longer locks into place at various lengths . Garbage . Do Not Buy
 Even when it locks it 's still sloppy , extension will jiggle when rolling . The Purdy only costs a little moreand is a much better pole .
 This is a great concept if the pole was maybe aluminum , it 's too heavy to hold in place . I tried to use to spray an infestation of yellow jackets i had in my house . It 's extremely difficult to manipulate the can unless you are spraying straight on . Unless you are very strong do n't attempt to use this .
 I did not need this after all , so it 's simply in the tool box in case either myself or a friend should ever have need.Besides , there no parts to this it is simply a conducting connector ... therefore it will work .
 This may be the `` largest selling deadbolt on America '' as the manufacturer claims , but it has a few problems that in my opinion render it unsuitable for domestic use.The Good : The physical construction does seem to be pretty good , and the finish looks to be very durable . Installation is simple and straightforward.The Bad : The action of the deadbolt is a little rough . Remember to lubricate it.The Ugly : When I received it I took it out of the box and was able to open it * without * a key in a matter of seconds . Repeatedly . I took the lock apart and found that it was a basic pin and tumbler lock , with * no * security features whatsoever . Accordingly , it offers almost no protection against unauthorized entry , unless the criminal is a bumbling idiot . For what they charge for this lock , and in this day and age , it 's not too much to ask for a few security pins to make picking a little more difficult . I took three stars off for this.Know what you 're buying . If you 're trying to keep people out of the shed , or the kids out of the bedroom , this should be fine . For a door that absolutely has to remain secure , like an exterior door , I would look elsewhere . The lack of even basic security features make this a poor choice .
 Avoid , purchase foredom instead . Before it stopped working altogether , the torque slowed down a bit after the second use . I only use copper so there is no excuse for this to happen .
 Our employer bought incandescent Stealthlites for the crews a year ago . Half of them did n't work out of the box . We swapped parts back & forth and figured out that it was the switch . The `` on-off '' lever on the outside of the flashlight is connected to a tiny cam on the inside of the flashlight . When twisted to `` on '' , the cam is supposed to push against a tab of metal attached to the assembly that drops in after you install batteries . The tab of metal is then supposed to contact the bulb housing , and the circuit is closed . Musta looked good on paper . In the real world the metal tab does n't make good contact with the bulb housing . Careful tweaking on the metal tab got the lights working.The LED Recoils suffer from the same fussy , unreliable switch . I bought two of these and one did not work out of the box . I tweaked on the metal tab and got it to make contact . But half the time I still have to slap the flashlight in my other hand to make the light come on.With the exact same rechargeable NiMH 's in both lights , the LED is brighter than the incandescent . The light pattern is fairly good but I would have wanted a tighter beam.Although the enclosed paperwork indicates the bulbs are NOT guaranteed , I 've talked with two reps at Pelican and they both said the same thing - if the bulb ever quits , call them , get an RMA , and send it back for a replacement .
 I ordered this light believing it was the 2410C , the one that is pictured . But when I got an order conformation e-mail it had said that what I ordered was really their tiny Pelican Tracker pocket flashlight !!!! I immediately cancelled my order and told them about the problem , and received no less than 3 separate e-mails confirming my cancellation but nothing mentioned about their deceiving ad . I see they have yet to correct their listing a week later .
 It matched the faucet well , was made well , but not enough threads to fit my thicker counter top . I also did not like the white piece under the cover showing on top of the countertop .
 This rustic bronze -LRB- dark colored -RRB- dishwasher vent cover came with a WHITE washer it sits on . I have a dark countertop , so the white strip is unbearable and impossible to find in black .
 I bought five of these for my house through Amazon and Drillspot.com . Both gave me expert service and quick delivery . I really liked the thermostats for baseboard heat as they kept the room temperature exact or one degree lower as the heat cycle started . But a year and a half later one of my breakers kicked . After troubleshooting and removing the thermostat the back of it was partially melted and the line wire 's insulation partially melted . After inspecting the heater , wiring and connections the thermostat was determined defective . No problem it has a five year warranty . WRONG ! After calling the phone number supplied I was directed to email a particular person at Honeywell . He took 2 weeks to reply to my email and was rather rude . The man does n't belong in customer service . Without even willing to inspect the unit he blamed the thermostat failing on me from a shoddy install and saying the wires were loose . When I replaced the thermostat I cut the bad wire out and they are still connected tight to the wire nuts like the day it was installed . This thermostat was installed to code with all brand new materials and a single 500 watt baseboard heater . The romex and breaker performed as expected and saved a house fire . I could care less about the $ 35 thermostat but I hate a company that will not stand behind their warranty . I will never buy a Honeywell product again after this ordeal .
 I would recommend not wasting your money on this item as it is not worth purchasing . Waste of time and not worth the return postage . Avoid .
 For some strange reason this device can not handle cooling applications , only heating.Because of this design shortfall this thermostat can not handle air conditioners or fan type cooling.Made in Communist China .
 The Black & Decker drill does not live up to its legend . I found out after purchasing this drill it was nearly impossible to get a good grip on the very small drill chuck in order to properly tighten the chuck on a bit . While drilling white oak the bit kept spinning in the chuck . I had to used channel locks to hold the small back ring because I found it hard to grip it with such a large diameter clutch housing behind it . I was not happy with the one battery -LRB- NI-cad -RRB- , which left me going back to the garage for another drill to finish the job , it ran out of juice pretty fast . A drill that looks nice -LRB- wall Hangar -RRB- however , but not the drill to take to the job site . Took it back to the store and found that the price had been reduced ... I think I know why ! ...
 Despite some fantastic features , and a cool retro look , the chuck on this drill does n't grip tightly enough . Even trying to drill small holes was difficult as the bit just spins in the chuck . My previous drill -LRB- a much older B&D model -RRB- had no such problems . I will be returning this drill .
 Buying a potential collectors item ? ... buy this . I must admit I had a rush of nostalgia when I saw this drill -LRB- I had one of the originals and it literally served me for decades before I finally killed it -RRB- , and I raced out a bought one -LRB- for considerably more money than it is offered here -RRB- . Athough it looks like the original , all comparisons should stop there , and as a drill I must say this was a major disappointment . First , the chuck is the cheapest chuck I have ever had on any drill at anytime . I defy anyone to get it tight enough to hold drill bits without slipping in use , on driver bits and holders it 's fine . Second , if I had a nickle for everytime I 've pinched my finger in the trigger I would n't need to worry about making a living using tools . Hard to explain but there is a gap between the metal case and the plastic trigger , and when you pull the trigger the gap opens , and when you let the trigger go my finger is generally in that gap ... youch ! And finally , the drill can not stand on it 's battery it must be laid down flat . All it would have taken to rectify this was a miniscule adjustment of the angle of the battery to the handle.When I bought the fore-father of this `` look-alike '' Black and Decker made industrial quality tools for use and abuse on a daily basis , today they make `` consumer products '' that happen to include `` tools '' . This drill is a classic example of the poorly designed , poorly made in China junk B&D now try and fob off as real tools . If you want a drill for daily use , buy something else , if you want something that is a potential collectors item buy this . But do n't make the same mistake as I did and take it out of the package and use it ... it then becomes worthless as both a tool and as a collectors item .
 DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS UNIT . I BOUGHT IT STRICTLY FOR NOSTALGIA PURPOSES , BUT THOUGHT IT MAY BE A DESCENT TOOL . WHILE USING IT THIS PAST WEEK I FOUND OUT THAT THE KEYLESS CHUCK WILL NOT HOLD THE BIT TIGHT , NO MATTER HOW HARD YOU TRY TO TIGHTEN IT . WHILE DRILLING ONLY 1/4 INCH HOLES IN OAK THE BIT WOULD SPIN IN THE CHUCK AS SOON AS ANY PRESSURE WAS APPLIED . I TOOK THE SAME BIT AND PUT IT IN MY PORTER CABLE CORDLESS DRILL AND HAD NO PROBLEMS . ALSO THE BATTERY HAS NO LIFE AT ALL , SO DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY IF YOU PLAN ON USING IT AT ALL .
 This thing weighs a ton . The chuck does not stay tightened . It does not hold a charge very long . Overall , heavy and awkward . The forward reverse button is not in a user friendly position . The battery is released with a button latch at the rear of the grip . Ooops ... . there goes your battery sliding down and tumbling off of the roof again . Yes , very poor design on the battery release . Any slight bump or pressure against it and the battery comes out . This drill came with 2 screwbits . One broke right away . The phillips end cracked off during use . I expected a little more durability from the way it looks . I will recycle the metal . Do n't buy !!!!
 The problem with this item is poor design , and really cheap , toylike , quality . It 's difficult to use , and I would n't trust the findings . This , to me , was a complete waste of money , and I 'm puzzled as to how something so utterly junky , can get a foothold in this type of market . Hobbled together with ordinary alligator clips , wire , and common parts that are available almost anywhere , the question is what is it ? My guess is that there 's some sort of patent in the circuitry , and this explains why the price is so outrageous . Checking this product with other outlets , reveals what appears to be price fixing , because anybody selling it , charges the same price ! My advice ? Save your money , there are better ways to test your precious metals .
 First tip off that this is a piece of junk is the bottom section does not go on the hose unless you force it . Even then it does n't go on completely like the original . The sprayer piece does not screw completely onto the bottom piece . Once it was all installed it dripped from the head and leaked down the hose .
 Cheap , leaks , missing nut and washer ... find a different one ! Do n't buy this one . The price will pull you in , but you will waste your time and money . Pay a little more for something that works .
 I 've had a few problems with the trigger not always working on the first try . It always ends up working , but I would n't buy this one again .
 For a universal fit item it does not fit our sink properly . Do not order this item , spend the money on one that actually has measurements listed .
 We bought this to replace a broken sprayer when we bought our house . This sprayer worked well-enough for 18-months . Then , it broke . I want to replace with something nicer ; however , I am unsure what that is .
 Bought these recently through Amazon . Carefully and lightly used but today the right temple separated from the endpiece hinge . Upon closer inspection I found that the hinge -LRB- except for the hinge pin -RRB- is constructed of entirely of plastic ! Frankly , I 'm surprised that I got the few weeks out of them that I did . DeWalt , of course , is a fine old U.S. name but if these sunglasses are any evidence , it is now a trademark rented to an interested bidder and applied to some Asian-made junk ! Save your money and look elsewhere !
 If I had not already ordered this product and had seen it in a store I would have never purchased it . The vertical tube is a loose fit in the top and bottom mounting attachments . There were some bolts that were provided to act as a modifiedcompression '' bolt and even with the bolts tight the pedeltal stand was very wobbly and not something I would put a 110lb grinder on top of without modifications to provide a sturdy and safe mounting platform .
 You do n't need this kit . A plastic zip-lock bag and an envelope work just as well . There are many labs that you can choose from for testing for asbestos . An internet search with `` Western Analytical '' will turn up one that offers a turnaround time of just 1 or 2 days . Their cost for testing is competitive with the cost you are charged by this pro-kit , except you wo n't be paying for the kit and waiting on the kit to arrive before collecting your samples . Their site also has detailed instructions on sample size and how to collect it safely.If you are concerned about the competence of a laboratory for testing , you can go to the government site :[ ... -RSB- which provides a directory of accredited labs.I 'd be a lot more inclined to give this a positive review , if the price tag on the kit included the additional cost you are charged for testing the sample . Even if the price was higher , like say $ 30 . As it is , I ca n't see paying nine bucks for a bag that costs 20 cents , and instructions I can get for free off the internet .
 What they do n't tell you about this kit is that you have to mail in a sample AND another $ 30 ... Now you know .
 This product is a simple plastic bag , you have to pay the same lab fee regardless of purchasing this or not . This is capitalism at its worst and is a disgrace to Amazon.com ; should be take down immediately .
 Are you kidding me . Do not buyThis `` kit '' and i assure you i use that term lightly , is a plastic bag that says asbestos sample on it.You can not actually do the test your self . In fact to add insult to injury once you have your sample they want you to mail it to them with a payment of 30 $ per sample and an additional 15 if you want express processing . What a waste.Let me give you all some advise Avoid this product at all costs . Unless your in to wasting money and in that case feel free to send me 12 $ and ill just send you a zip-lock bag and their address . Ill even splurge and send it postage paid to you.I did give one star for the company sending it to me as promised . This rating dose not reflect their service .
 Do n't bother with kit , just send in a little baggy of he popcorn with return address and such on it . Lab fee is actually $ 30.00 . Test kit is just a gimic to get your hard earned cash . When I figured it out I just chucked it .
 This company never followed through on the analysis . I sent in a sample more than 3 weeks ago , and we have heard nothing back . Therefore , we received no service for the money . They do not respond to my e-mails .
 I bought this kit on Amazon and paid $ 16.31 for the overnight delivery since I wanted the test result back as soon as possible -LRB- total cost $ 10.10 + $ 16.31 + $ 30 = $ 56.41 -RRB- . Amazon worked flawlessly . Problems started with the Pro-Lab . They promise to e-mail you back the results within 7 days from the time they receive the sample . Well ... it has been almost a month since they received it and at least two weeks since they charged the credit card . I contacted them multiple times without any result whatsoever ! Very disappointed - stay away from this company !
 I purchased this product on the assumption that it was a do-it-yourself product but there is nothing do-it-yourself about it . You have to pay for the lab test to be done and pay for the postage to the USA . Not much good to me in new Zealand - I should have just paid for the test to be carried out in a lab here in the first place !!
 Bottom line
 This company has proved itself to be unprofessional , lack 's integrity , and does not do what it says it will do . So far they have taken my money and are requesting more cash to do what they have not done , give me results on my radon test . This has been going on for 3 months with no end in sight . They are non-responsive , have no idea what `` customer service is '' and appear to have a scam program to bilk people out of additional money , at least that has been my experience . I cant imagine why ??? Amazon continues to enable them to stay in business . Do n't use them .
 comes with a silly plastic bag and some cheapo plastic gloves . then you have to pay another 30 bucks to get the sample looked at . totall waste of money .
 This `` kit '' is comprised of a zip lock bag , a pair of plastic loves , and a mailing label . You mail your sample and AN ADDITIONAL $ 30 to the company to have it tested . That was n't clear by the description . It pays to read the reviews on Amazon !
 Do not buy test kit . Requires 30 $ lab fee to test for asbestos !!!!!!!!!!! will never but a do it yourself kit again
 The description reads that the lab analysis fee is $ 15 . Wrong !! It is $ 30 !!! Twice as much . That 's over $ 40 -LRB- counting the cost of the kit -RRB- . You can probably get something locally done cheaper .
 You would think you buy it , that is all the cost ? Not true . The kit requires additional cost of $ 30 - $ 45 for process .
 I bought this kit to test the wiring in an old house I own . The kit showed up promptly and was easy enough to figure out - capture a sample and mail it in to the testing lab . I am wondering if this lab even exists because I have never heard anything back from them . I think the ` test lab ' is probably code for ` trash can ' . I recommend mailing in the money but nothing else - you will save time and get the same results . So if I could give this zero stars I would .
 The online picture is of a package marked &#34; heavy duty &#34; but the package that arrived -- with the same item number -- is not marked heavy duty , and the pads are not much thicker than a coat of paint . They might be fine for small light objects , but not for under furniture .
 Feels cheap and sometimes requires a little finesse to get the light to operate . Cheap in price and construction although it does work and I 've used it in the rain while hiking.Original battery that was shipped along with light works for a very short period of time . Best to purchase another battery since you 'll need one almost immediately .
 I bought this flashlight to be used as a camping spot light , as that is how it is made to seem . It is definitely made to seem way bigger than it is . It is quite small and hardly gives off light . It turned out to be useful at times over our camping trip , but we had to get other flashlights as well .
 I returned them . They are such a waste of money . Do not buy these . They do not cast light ... total waste
 The unit has to be recharged 2 hours per week . Most weeks I have to do it two times a week . The alarm will start to go off if not charged all the way . You can only use a 60W light bulb also !! It is good to have it in your garage . But you have to charge it a lot !!!!
 The product fails on several levels . -LRB- I will save the worst for last . -RRB- - It does n't work in most places because it does n't fit in to most light fixtures in my house and it needs to be attached to a fixture that has no cover -LRB- how many of those do you have in your house ? -RRB- - It BEEPS incessantly . When you first install the alarm it chirps loudly once a minute until it is charged . There is no way to stop this . It is amazingly annoying and I ca n't believe someone designed a product to do this . - The alarm must be `` charged '' i.e. the light turned on for 2 hours a week to work . If you do n't charge it regularly , guess what happens ... ? The amazing annoying BEEPING occurs again until it is charged . - The alarm contains radioactive material . No joke ! Here is what it says on the package
 The alarm has many limitations as to where it can be used/activated . It ca n't be used in a lamp with a lampshade . The other lighting in my home in incompatible with the unit .
 I am a flashlight nerd . I have maglites , surefires , princeton tec ... I have a 3500 lumen portable spotlight . This light is nowhere near them as far as output . I would guess maybe 15-20 lumens . The throw pattern in flashlight mode is not smooth at all.The design of the light is decent . The housing seems fairly sturdy , the switch seems a little flimsy and the handle is adequate , but not sturdy.It 's not really practical as a flashlight , but I could see this light as being handy in a power outage as a light to light up a bathroom or make sure you do n't trip over the couch . I think if you used it in lantern mode and sat 5 feet from it , you would not be able to read a book . I am guessing it will run for a very long time as it uses 4 D batteries and puts out so little light.If you are not very particular about your lights and have good eyes , this light is probably okay to use for blackouts .
 Does not produce the amount of light you would expect from a 4D lantern . The lantern is just ok . I have purchased a LED lantern at the same time and the LED one is a million times better . The LED lantern was $ 30 but worth the extra money .
 After a 3-hour power outage last night , I went to the local supermarket and bought one of these lamps as a backup for an old battery-powered lantern that was about worn out . After returning home and putting in four `` D '' batteries , my first impulse was to return it to the store for a refund , since it did n't work . After checking out my batteries -LRB- good -RRB- and the bulb -LRB- good -RRB- , I noticed that one of the metal contacts inside the lamp was n't bent upward enough to make contact with the battery , so I used my fingernail to bend it a few millimeters , which worked . It was n't too hard to find and fix the problem , but it may indicate some quality control issues , since the lamp obviously was n't tested before being shipped.The lamp itself is a decent flashlight and lantern . It 's not very good as a reading light , however , since you would be looking almost directly into the bright bulb -LRB- I tried draping a white handkerchief over the dome - this diffused the light and was slightly better for reading ; hanging it upside down would be even better -RRB- . For providing area illumination of a room or part of a room , it works well , with at least enough light to let you walk around without bumping into things.Overall , the Dorcy lamp is n't the best product of its kind that I 've owned , but its versatility and price make up for some of its weaknesses . ------------------------------------------------- UPDATED -LRB- October 21 , 2012 -RRB-
 good morningI would l ike to know what exactly is all parts of this item , i just received one rule in the picture it is shown all parts belons to this full item , it is possible i can to change this by one full paper shopi ll be looking forward to your responseregards
 whatever you do , do n't buy from the Verilux outlet . The customer service is horrible . Very , very rude woman will made various snide comments and tell you there 's nothing they can do if the lamp is defective . Mine was half price but it is NOT adjustable . Very hard to turn the handle and then it falls apart if I barely touch it . Since it 's quite heavy , this is a big problem . Also , you 're not supposed to touch the shade over the light bulb so when it falls ...
 I am very disappointed by this lamp , especially because I was guided by the reviews posted by other customers . I bought it to use as a bedside table reading lamp . First , it is not beautiful or elegant in any way to my eye , but very utilitarian in appearance . Secondly , despite the anti-glare filter , the light is very harsh . Third , although it has three levels of intensity , all are too bright . Fourth , it does not `` telescope '' as advertised , but merely rotates on the hub . Fifth , it is not as well-constructed as I had hoped . The lamp rotates at the central hub and at the base of the light , and both screw-like connectors tend to slip and look like they will wear out . For the price , I expected something better made , better looking , and not as glary.It probably works better as a desk lamp . I will have to return it .
 What I received was some ` other ' form of the product - I 've not attempted to use it yet , but it may not also be a 22-16 AWG Solder Seal - we 'll see . Also , for not being the product pictured -LRB- which I 've used in the past w/great success -RRB- , the product took too long to arrive and was over priced ...
 I regret my decision of buying this . I was looking for a Schlage , but the quality is totally different as Dexter was just purchased by Schlage.Worse , I ca n't find an easy way to re-key this lock . I 've got a Schlage re-key kit but found out Dexter , like Defiant , is very hard to do .
 So far I 've found the more common Schalge locks for the home are not on even a reasonable end of cylinder designs . This one comes with a manual for JD60/JD62 but the rekey manual from Schlage does not reflect this lock for these model numbers . This lock uses a very cheap looks to be one time use retainer for the tailpiece forcing you to forget a follower and just reinsert top springs and pins on the way back together . I 'm no expert but there is a much nicer design for this I 've seen on other Schlages . Very dissappointed in this product considering the brand .
 I popped open the box on my new PC 4215 yesterday and started to make dust - well , more like shavings . So far so good , although my first joint was a little loose . But I ca n't blame that on the equipment until I 've used it a lot more . The instructions are pretty good , except for one part - where they talk about setting the depth of the router bit -LRB- page 8 -RRB- . They use a little plastic -LRB- ! -RRB- knob as a `` depth stop '' - hard to use , and the plastic gets torn up . For $ 0.05 more they could have used a metal one!It clamps easily to my work table/bench , and the wood clamping mechanisms work fine . The jigs themselves look nice - crisp aluminum edges - hopefully durable . They seem to be machined . Make sure you have lots of scrap to back up your cuts to minimize tear-out . That is characteristic of all jigs.For us newbies it would be helpful if the manual explained just a little more of the geometry - such as WHY the little knobs should be 3/8 '' below the template - I am starting to think that might be the thickness of the template . For all its apparent precision , the aluminum jig is NOT exactly 1/4 '' thick - close , but not exact . So what ? Well , setting the router bit depth is * very * critical , and it would be much easier to set the depth if you could allow for a 1/4 offset , & set the depth other than using the hard-to-see plastic device.The offset guides are n't too impressive - would help if the business end was a little thicker for better registration . Also note that if you use the mini template you need to change offset guides . ** Update - and this is the biggest disappointment ! I made several test boxes , and every time the sides were n't even at the corners :-LRB- I was very careful and could not understand why , UNTIL , I checked the squareness of the jig , and discovered that it was out-of-square ! There are two hex nuts at each end , and although set at the factory , one end was messed up . This , combined with left-to-right looseness on the jig made it impossible to cut the pins to align with the tails.Bottom line - poor value for the money - just a little more precision in manufacturing would have prevented all this . Yes , you can try to square up yourself , but I ca n't figure how to take the looseness out of the leg slots . Cutting dovetails requires a high degree of accuracy , and you do n't need any extra error!I might add that the supplied router bits are ok for the 1/2 '' shank , but the 1/4 '' bits are cheapo , especially the 1/4 '' straight bit - resulting in too much chip out when cutting the pins .
 First , I read the reviews of other people . 2nd , I bought the jig . 3rd , I read and re-read the primary owners manual . Then I found another document online that explained many more things that this jig will do.My first project was for very heavy , 12 inch wide drawers . I remember that there was a line in the owners manual that cautioned that the boards to be joined MUST BE ABSOLUTELY FLAT - NO CUPPING . They were not kidding . The 2 half-blind dovetail drawers that I wanted to make cost me a fortune in wasted lumber . I just could not get the boards flat enough for the joints to fit across 12 inches . I finally resorted to using Baltic Birch plywood.After getting test drawers that seemed to fit , I cut the full length plywood for the final time . But when I made a set of boards for the finished product , the joints were too tight . ?? So , I sanded the joints by hand to loosen them up . Then I made a soup of glue and sanding dust to fill in the gaps of the now , too-loose joints.I think this is a well made product , but it is just too cumbersome for me . It is just too difficult to prepare the boards before cutting the joints and gluing them together . Therefore , since so many people seem to like this jig , I think I will blame it all on me , and stick to table sawn , box joints , or cutting the dovetails by hand myself.I 'll probably try again some day , but just not right away.Chuck
 These are supposed to be premium test leads , from a premium manufacturer , at a premium price . For the cost equal to the price of a lower-end autoranging multimeter I got way less than I expected.PROS : Cables are very nicely flexible ; their flexibility is much better than of the stock leads sold with new Fluke meters . The softness is a huge plus . Cables have 10 Amps rating.CONS : Made of NON-US and US parts - very unfortunately , Fluke is moving to shores were labor and quality are cheap.Banana plugs on the cables are poor quality . The 90 elbows are about 50 % bigger than stock . They are made entirely of hard plastic material . The `` flexing '' end part of the elbow , where cable comes out , does not flex at all . Ironically , it does have the zigzag incisions at its end for full flexibility to protect the cable from stress when bending in sharp angles , but the plastic is rock hard , and so the cables are not protected at all . What were they thinking ???? The metal cores of the banana plugs do not have the same crosscut splits as the stock plugs always do . Instead , the cores in Premium leads have a round metal `` skirt '' on them allowing the plug to freely spin around in the meter 's socket upon insertion . The skirts act as `` middlemen '' providing additional intermediary surface of contact = extra resistance . There is no benefit of freely spinning plugs at the cost of additional intermittent resistance . What were they thinking ???? Finally , I do n't see any advantage of gray-colored probes . These are best left fully black and red.Lack of flexibility on the end sleeves of angle plugs and the spinning skirted bananas were the deal breaker for me . My leads were sent back .
 I have the original TL71 leads that came with my Fluke 189 I bought in 2005 . Now they give intermittent contact when the lead is wiggled !?! I would n't be mad except I 'm not a technician and this meter has seen very light use . I might have used the leads 30 times at most , I 'm kind of ticked . I babied the leads , so I 'm not sure what the failure mechanism is ... The meter is nice and was US made with a lifetime warranty ! However , these TL71 leads only have a one year warranty , so I 'm going to have to purchase new leads !?! Perhaps they were defective from the get go and I just did n't use them enough to realize it.While , there 's a price difference between these and the industrial/master test probes , you may want to just spend the extra money and get the TL224 leads along with nicer test probes such as the TP220 . Personally , if I was paying $ 24 for leads , I 'd want ones where I can change the test probe out to do different things.UPDATE : There was an Amazon warehouse deal on a returned set , so I thought I 'd buy them as the TLK289 set I ordered is on back order . The other reviewer is right , the stress reliefs on this newer version are hard as a rock . I 'm going to assume this was intentional by design . Perhaps Fluke figured out the older version had too much flexibility at the stress reliefs and maybe this is what caused my issue with my old set so they 've fixed them ... or maybe this version is just cheaply made . They do say they are assembled in the USA , but I 'm guessing the plugs are from over seas as the plastic is very stiff on them . The probes themselves look to be sharp and good quality ; the plug end is not .
 I 've used the other Pico products with the built in solder and adhesive heat shrink and they work great -LRB- see my other reviews -RRB- , but these butt connectors are pretty much useless in my opinion . The solder width is far too narrow for the wires both the wires -LRB- inserted at each end -RRB- to be covered , but even worse , the heat shrink insulator turns soft before the solder melts and and the whole assembly then falls apart under gravity .
 I originally installed a double circular flourescent unit and a single tube unit ... I have now replaced both units at three times each ... Unfortunately , I did not recognize the brand name when I ordered the last set . . Until I took the cover off ... Previously , I had also replaced the circular tubes only to find that although the tubes were blackened and obviously burned out , that after replacement , the ballasts were also gone ... In essence , In the last 3 years , I have replaced the units three times and also paid for a full set of replacement tubes ... . What a waste of money ...
 I bought three of these lights from Home Depot for a finished basement . During installation one of the clips that holds the diffuser in place punched a hole in it . Now it does n't hang properly . The acrylic diffuser is really cheap and very easy to damage . Home Depot does not carry replacement diffusers and I have not found a source for a replacement on the web . A real disappointment coming from Litonia . Guess you ca n't trust that name anymore .
 This would be a great product if it did n't take ten minutes or so to warm up and put out full light . The quality of the light is excellent , but waiting in near-darkness until it warms up is highly annoying.No matter what our government says , compact fluorescent bulbs are not ready for prime time and probably never will be . They rarely outlast a much cheaper incandescent bulb , contain toxic materials , are too big for many fixtures and have numerous problems besides the warm up issue.Another example of our stupid intrusive `` special interest '' government . I 'm glad I purchased about 50 incandescent bulbs before the ban . Buy the time these are gone , LED bulbs will likely be practical and affordable .
 Bare tool means Bare Tool , No Battery , No Charger No BladeListing shows a complete saw !! Buyer beware
 The valve reduced pressure a little too much for the application I was wanting to use it for -LRB- `` Sunflower '' shower head -RRB- . I ended up just using a regular ball valve instead . The body of the valve was very much heavy duty with a real nice finish , but I received the product without the cotter pin that secures the stem to the handle and the chain broke after just a couple of uses . I think this valve would be a pretty good fit maybe for a low pressure or water-saver shower head , but the volume it produces just does n't accommodate high volume applications . I would have probably given it a 2.5 or 2.75 rating if I was able ...
 I would never order this product again . When you pull the chain and let go it 's supposed to stop the water from running automatically , it does n't . I ca n't tell you how much my water bill went up before I caught this leak . This product is definitely defective and should be worked on due to the leaking after the chain is released . I should be due a refund for this product for my $ 60.00 water bill but instead I 'm letting the public know this if not worth the money . Dave G.
 Received this valve today and installed it . When I turned the water on had a leak , this was not a drip but a inch stream . Moved handle a few times to see if there was some thing in the valve . Well go to the store , try to repair with a new/better seal . Would not buy this product again .
 Stopping working after one day . The valve gets stuck and does not work reliably . The housing is very sturdy but the mechanism inside gets stuck . Disappointed with the product .
 The brad nailers work fine but the air compressor has left me wanting . It constantly leaks from somewhere I ca n't find but can hear . It does n't kick in enough to help me maintain a constant psi so that my nails Always drive to the depth I want . It 'll sometimes drop 10 psi before kicking back on . It also makes this weird sound sometimes that sounds like a tool dying . I do n't even use it that much .
 If you 're thinking about buying the product , be sure to read through all the reviews , especially the negative ones . I purchased this unit on sale at a local big-box , with the two `` free '' nailers included . I used the nailers to install a bamboo wood floor . Over the course of the installation , I drove about 500 brad nails -LRB- kept count of the boxes -RRB- , nothing too strenuous.It worked fine for that , even if the hose from the compressor does get very hot while filling the tank , but I worry about how long this one 's going to last . After just a few total days of use , some part of the valve system appears to be failing . Occasionally , it will run to build pressure , then stop `` half way '' , and start venting itself . Not because of pressure release , but coming from somewhere inside the compressor unit . If I power cycle it , it will restart and continue to fill until it shuts off automatically.Pros : - small - luggable - nice wrap-around `` rollcage '' to protect unit - nice paint jobCons : - seems to work `` too hard '' - questionable reliability.Bottomline : - probably fine for light-duty work , as a kit ; look elsewhere if you want something that 's going to `` last '' .
 I purchased this combo from a large retailer 3 or 4 years back and used it a good bit to renovate my house . Mainly used for trim , crown molding , and baseboard . Nothing major . After about a year the compressor started to go out and it would not hold a tank of air . Really frustrating . I could not find a service center nearby either so I was stuck with it . After about a year of dealing with it I just bought a new Porter Cable compressor and have had no problems since then . I am still using the guns on a fairly common basis and have not had any major problems . I lost a bump guard from one but that was probably my fault from dropping it . Overall the guns are pretty good and stand up well but I would not suggest this compressor ! Ever !
 I went to my local big box store to replace my 20 year old DuoFast finish nailer . The DuoFast shot at least a million nails and probably shot two million . It never jammed.I set out to buy the Hitachi nailer because my brother in law is a cabinet maker and I frequently used his while doing work in his shop . I liked the Hitachi nailer . Then I saw the DeWalt . There it was - the DeWalt kit with a hose , compressor , finish nailer and brad nailer and storage bag for $ 279 on sale which was about $ 10 less than just the finish nailer and the brad nailer would have been in Hitachi . That 's how I picked it out ; it was an impulse decision.I make a living with tools , I 'm not an occasional user , I use them every day . I know tools.The Finish Nailer
 I purchased the set six months ago and would not recommend the set to anyone ! I have a home improvement company and always thought that Dewalt was one of the better tool manufacturers . The finish nailer has been nothing but problems from the beginning . Dewalt does give you a three year warranty but you have to take the tool to a service center for them to determine if it is a factory defect . My service center was an hour away in the hood ! The customer service representative was rude and very unhelpful . I decided to try to fix the gun myself and found the problem very quickly ! All of the parts on the inside of the gun are plastic . Need I go on ? The gun is in the garbage where it belongs . I will never buy another Dewalt product ! I recommend Bosch tools if you want a dependable one !
 I bought this item and felt ripped off . You do n't get what you pay for . A couple of days later , I was on ebay and saw these really cool cases by this place called the Ultimate Case Company . They have some really neat designs . I bought one of them and I love it . just go here and you will see . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I could not get a sound from this amp . The orange lights lit up but not the green ones , that are necessary . Amp was un-usable for myself .
 A light in my garage went out , and this fixture was cheaper than replacing the ballast in the existing fixture . I thought , `` how bad can it be ? '' Answer is ... pretty bad . Very cheap construction and the parts did not fit together particularly well . No instructions were provided , but having done this several times that was not a real problem for me . The metal bends VERY easily , so be careful when installing it.That being said , it does work , and so far no annoying hum.If you want the cheapest alternative , this will work , but I would suggest spending a few dollars more -LRB- maybe $ 5 -RRB- and getting something a bit better made . Halfway through installation , I considered replacing the ballast in the old fixture rather than installing this mess , but I was too lazy to deal with the delay and returning this fixture .
 I purchased three of these units and two failed to work . The ballast did not energize the fluorescent tubes . After various attempts and checks to the lighting units , I gave up and returned the items . Poor quality . Buyer beware .
 Use EXTREME caution when handling these light fixtures . They are made of stamped & folded sheet metal and the edges are razor sharp !!! These light fixtures are very cheaply made . There is no power cord and the method of assembling the housing is adequate at best -LRB- tabs into slits -RRB- . If this is n't an issue for you then these fixtures will do the job . Just watch those edges !
 This lighting fixture is of such shoddy quality , it is not even safe . My superintendent begged me not to install it , as it would probably fall apart when I needed to change the bulb . The plastic ends holding the bulb were so flimsy he was worried . As we were packing it up , I cut my hand on the thin , improperly finished razor-sharp metal that the whole thing is made of . I was still bleeding as I called Amazon to complain . This item should not be sold to the public by any responsible retailer .
 This is bunch of junk that came in a shabby box -- totally damaged and twisted , and soiled . I could not file a complaint as I was very busy and I could not waste another bunch of time for few bucks .
 Carefully measured the shelf to be used prior to purchase . It was within all the listed criteria for dimensions and weight as shown on this Amazon listing , though admittedly at the upper end for size -LRB- 9.75 '' and 14/16ths thick -RRB- . Weight is only 4 lbs . Though secure to the wall , it 's a sagging mess . The bottom bracket ca n't securely tighten down at 14/16ths . They need to indicate a thinner maximum thickness . Am returning .
 The shelf we wanted to use these brackets for was too big and fell out . I had to order a different brand of brackets to get them sturdy enough to hold the shelf .
 I was delighted to find these online , as they are a bit difficult to find elsewhere . They arrived totally dull , and look to be of very low quality . I would never buy them again . I suggest you spend a bit more , as the other reviewer reported . I wish I had . I ended up having them sharpened , which cost me additional $ . This would turn me off to other CMT products . I will not use them in the future . I rarely leave negative reviews , but this product is substandard .
 I purchased these after reading favorable reviews . These knives are dull , very dull and need sharpening -LRB- not just honing -RRB- before using . They are not usable as is and are a total waste of money . Save your money and sharpen your old knives . I purchased a set of Freud knives from Amazon earlier and they are outstanding . I highly recommend spending the extra money for the Freud . This is my first and last CMT product . The only good comment I can make about the CMT knives is that you can handle them without any fear of cutting yourself .
 Bought this as a replacement for one that died in my toilet . Nice because it fit my shorter than standard toilet tank -LRB- the generic ones from home depot were too tall -RRB- . But ... -LRB- and I 'm no plumber -RRB- This thing is super loud . When the water is filling the tank , it is super screechy and loud . I have messed around with the adjustments and nothing seems to get it to be quieter.Anyway ... It works , but it 's LOUD !
 The threaded rod was way too long for my toilet tank . I had to hacksaw about an inch off of each end for it to even fit . The clip for attaching the tube to the refill pipe is absolutely useless . I had to reuse the old one . The rubber stopper has rubber hinges . You 're supposed to wrap it around the refill pipe and slide it to the bottom . However , my pipe had plastic hinges on it for the old stopper toward the bottom . I tried stretching the rubber around the hinges , but it really looked crooked and incorrect . I ended up just keeping the old stopper . This one is a huge leak risk the way it lays awkwardly from being wrapped around the hinges of the old stopper . It 's completely possible this kit is incompatible with my toilet , but I only really needed the floater . I would not recommend this kit if you own a small American Standard brand toilet . Thankfully it was n't very expensive or I 'd have returned it instead of modifying it .
 You can buy these two products separately -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- and save $ 20 ! D55140 $ 114.66 DEWALT D55140 Heavy-Duty 1 Gallon 135 PSI Max Trim Compressorand D51238KDeWalt D51238K 5/8-Inch to 2-Inch 18-Gauge Brad Nailerfor $ 99 . All you get for the extra $ 20 is the 25 foot air hose . For only $ 65 more , you can get the D55141FNBN , DEWALT D55141FNBN Heavy-Duty 16-Gauge Finish Nailer/18-Gauge Brad Nailer/2-Gallon Compressor Combo Kitwhere the compressor has twice the capacity -LRB- 2 gallon and twice the CFM -RRB- , plus that includes the D51256K 16 Gauge finish nailerDeWalt D51256K 1-1/4 - Inch to 2-1/2 - Inch 16-Gauge Finish Nailerwhich sells for $ 135 -LRB- on Amazon -RRB- all by itself !!!
 Do n't buy this . Look elsewhere . The screen on the inside is a wide welded wire that even a fat bee or hornet could walk through . Then you 'll have nests in your attic .
 Not made in USA as picture of product states.Purchased it because it was supposed to be made in USA.Deceptive advertising .
 I can not justify a positive review for this product . I had high hopes and was looking forward to receiving it . I needed it for torquing the many small bolts on my transmission pan and knew that accuracy was important.As for the wrench , I 'm currently in an automotive college and compared this Neiko Pro 1/4 inch with several almost new high dollar torque wrenches . The bottom line - this Neiko tightens bolts almost twice as tight as it is registered.Also , the circular head of the wrench was not cast straight . The Neiko wrench was angled about 5 degrees off . I returned it to Amazon and received a full refund . I suggest you pick a different torque wrench .
 These blades were dull when I received them . I tried them anyway and the results were unsatisfactory.I checked my installation and it was correct.High vibration and rough finsh.The 1 reviewer was correct in their review.CMT is the brand of Router bits that I use , and they are perfect , so I went against the 1 review . Wrong decision.Can CMT give me any feedback ?
 bought these blades cuz my old ones had a knick in 'em and were pretty dull figuring I could drop these new ones in and I 'd be back in business making chips . WRONG ... these new blades we ground terrible . I spend more time resharpening and honing the new blades that I did touching up the old ones . Oh well
 I bought this combo . seemed a good deal . the compressor is a different model than the one sold separately and it is much cheaper build . I used it for nailing , texture walls -LRB- knockdown -RRB- , spray painting .1 . for nails it was ok if you do n't have too many in a row otherwise expect delays .2 . I texture some office walls and it was ok but i had to wait after it not too long . - one wall at a time .3 . After that I used it for spray painting and this was the end of it.the compressor started to make a noise like something was broken inside , then it did n't hold 120 psi just 100 psi and finally it started to loose air from where the pump is.I know and I was aware that you should n't use this compressor for more than -LRB- i believe -RRB- 40minutes in one hour and I did n't . The compressor broke down completely after 5 day of use . If you have your own bigger better compressor the guns I guess are ok.I still think you could buy just the guns an forget about this compressor . -LRB- it 's for very light duty use -RRB- I do not recommend the compressor - it 's to cheap build and it will break when you need a little more from it .
 I bought this combo kit at Home Despot a couple of weeks after Thanksgiving 2007 because I was in a jam at work and needed a set of pneumatic nailers and a compressor ASAP . -LRB- We had no pneumatic tools at the time and found ourselves borrowing constantly . -RRB- I wanted to spend less than $ 300 but still have a compressor that I could use to run a framing nailer -LRB- in a very limited setting -RRB- if needed . I had little knowledge about compressors -LRB- especially the pros and cons of an oiled compressor versus a `` maintenance free '' compressor -RRB- at the time , and being in a time crunch , narrowed my decision to this set and the Bostitch set of the same components down the street at Blowe 's . The specs were virtually the same and both sold for $ 299 . At that point I probably would have gone with the Bostitch kit because a 7 year warranty versus Porter-Cable 's 1 year warranty was a no-brainer , but the Despot was offering a free 23 ga. . Pin Nailer -LRB- the Porter-Cable PIN100 -RRB- with the purchase of the CFNBNS combo package . I thought I had made myself a great deal , especially when I discovered that I could run a Bostitch F28WW framing nailer on the included C2006 compressor , firing a half-dozen or so nails a minute without a problem.I know other reviews have commented that the compressor is too noisy , but as someone who always wears all his PPE , including hearing protection , the noise really does n't bother me . As long as the compressor worked , I did n't see that as a point to complain about for the price . My first actual complaint about the compressor is that from the beginning , I found the tank drain valve hard to turn . Many compressors are made with the screw-like turning valve , but this one required extra effort to turn it in either direction.In January , after only 60 or 70 actual hours of use , the safety pop-off valve began to engage every time you turned on the compressor to let it air up . Right before it reached 150 PSI , the safety would engage , causing you to lose most of the air pressure you just built up . I had to manually override the valve and push it back in before the pressure dropped so much that you virtually had to start over . After playing with it several times , I finally got the compressor to fully air without engaging the valve , but this quickly became part of the morning start-up routine . Very annoying.After roughly 80 hours of use , the motor began to freeze or seize up when the compressor engaged to rebuild air pressure . I 'd have to turn it off quickly and wait an hour or so before it would function again . The compressor was only ever used indoors , so always in a `` room temperature '' environment . As the service technician who eventually examined my compressor would tell me , `` There 's a reason we do n't make oil-free cars . '' I was starting to understand why `` maintenance free '' was n't such a good idea after all.Finally , in February , with maybe only 100 hours of run time on the compressor , the drain valve finally failed altogether , refusing to fully seat in either direction/position , even when `` helped '' by a pair of vice grips . This forced me to bring the compressor into a local repair shop for warranty service since a compressor which ca n't hold air is quite useless on the job.Much to my dismay , the service tech let me peek into the back just to see the shocking number of these `` oil free '' and `` maintenance free '' compressors awaiting repair . I was informed that if my compressor lasted 100 hours , then it had lasted `` 99 hours longer than it did for most people . '' They would repair it for free , or course , but guaranteed that I 'd have to bring it back again for repair before the 1 year warranty period ended . As this was the only compressor we had , I had no other choice but to spend money on a real compressor that would n't break every couple of months , as we ca n't afford the down time . I settled on a Hitachi EC12 -LRB- which has 1/4 turn ball bearing style valves for the tank drain -RRB- for $ 205 as our permanent replacement -LRB- based on borrowing one for a few weeks and being extremely satisfied -RRB- , but I 'll keep using the Porter-Cable compressor until it dies when the warranty expires.The guns , of the whole , have worked fine . I can set the regulator on 90 PSI , adjust the depth setting on each gun , and work away . Sometimes the depth adjustment takes several test firings to figure out the right setting , but that 's just part of getting used to the tool . I 've been very satisfied with the individual guns themselves that come with this combo even though I would never recommend this combo package to another person.The compressor problems alone justify knocking this product down to 3 stars , but I have a few more gripes . First , the 1 year warranty is absurd , especially when their leading competitor , Bostitch , will warrant everything for 7 years . It 's pretty much making a public declaration that our products are cheaply made and will quickly fail . Second , the poor compressor locks you into a situation where you will have to buy another compressor - not only due to failure - but if you ever want to expand your pneumatic tool collection beyond just some small finish guns . I know this complaint is not unique to Porter-Cable , but it seems much more consumer-friendly if they would just sell the guns as a combo and let the consumers choose the proper compressor for their needs -LRB- or , alternatively , sell the same combo , but with an oiled compressor that wo n't fail so easily ; ever wondered why all these finish nailer combos come with cheap `` maintenance free '' compressors ? -RRB- . And finally , third , make sure you look closely at the maximum fastener sizes for these guns . The finish nailer does go up to 2-1/2 '' , but the other two included guns short-change you when compared to the other Porter-Cable models . In other words , the narrow crown stapler maxes out at 1 '' and the brad nailer maxes out at 1-1/4 '' , even though Porter-Cable makes models that go up to 1-1/2 '' and 2 '' , respectively . The cost difference is minimal -LRB- and might make no difference to you depending on your needs -RRB- , but it 's one of those small things that you might realize later you wish you had the longer length model of and might have to go buy a second gun . Again , this flaw is n't unique to Porter-Cable , but would it really hurt them to include the next model up gun , especially if they 're going to short-change you with a lousy compressor?The bottom line is that had I known then what I know know , I would have stayed very far away from any `` oil free '' compressor and just spent the money up front on a real compressor and guns that would have driven the maximum length fastener in each category . I 'll probably stick to the Bostitch nailers from now on because I 've been very happy with them and I feel like I 'm getting my money 's worth with the 7 year warranty .
 Porter-Cable has a history of building quality tools . Unfortunately that is not the case any more . I have purchased several nail guns and compressors and have always been shocked at how fast they break . Granted , they are cheap . If you only want it for a one time use and ca n't rent better tools it might make sense . If you want a tool that wo n't break in a couple of months , stick with Senco , Dewalt , or Ridgid .
 I was very happy with this unit for the 1st month ... then it stopped working . I opened it up , the piston was broken . Porter Cable 's customer service was less than helpful , so Amazon was kind enough to work with me to return the unit . I will be buying a different brand next .
 This deal seemed to good to be true . I 've owned 2 of these little units now , and to be fair - they both worked great for a year to two years . THEN , when you need them most - they break down , and because they are `` oil-free , '' they are sealed and unfixable.So if spending $ 300 every 1-2 years is what you want to do - keep buying these . Otherwise you 're wasting your money .
 It does not come with a wall charger , yet has the port for one . Twenty bucks total for a 5 &#34; tall electric lamp that runs on double-a 's .
 Be advised that this is a BATTERY operated globe ! Runs on 4 AA batteries . It does have a 6 volt adapter port but does NOT come with the adapter . I am disappointed that was not made clear in the product description . Oh Well
 I purchased this product in blue about two years ago and two months ago I noticed that the stained glass was coming apart from the top of the light and the pieces were beginning to buckle . I called RAM Gameroom and they would not replace the light because it is only warranted for a year . I was fine with this because I only wanted the light to be repaired , not replaced . I took the light to a stained glass studio and they told me that the light was poorly constructed , that not enough materials were used when saudering the light . I gave the estimate for repairs to RAM gameroom and told them what I was told at the stained glass studio . They were unwilling to pay for the repairs or even a portion of the repairs . It cost me one hundred dollars to get the light fixed . I would not recommend any product from a company that will not stand behind their products .
 This was a very poor quality product . The leather was very cheap looking , and the sawing done by somebody paid $ 1 a day.Spend a few more dollars for a better quality product .
 This automatic door sweep was absolute junk . The return spring is a cantilever design that is so weak it fails to operate even a brand new seal and the spring tang hangs over the plastic screw plate preventing the plate from fastening flush to the door . The plastic screw plate is very weak and too flexible . The seal does n't flip high enough to clear the carpet and the vinyl seal is free floating so that it 's likely to shrink in length over time and with cold temperatures . The jam roller is so small in diameter it 's likely to hang up on swinging portion of the seal . Frost King makes a much better design that 's part number A56/36 or its variant with alternate finishes . The Frost King is all aluminum and much stronger and more rigid . It has two strong and effective torsion springs that flip the seal up high with plenty of force . The seal is securely crimped in the channel so it should n't shrink in length over time and with temperature changes . The jam roller , which functions to flip the seal down as the door closes , is large and effective . The cutouts for the torsion springs leave a little area where air can leak through but this can be fixed with a little tape . Also , if the door is less than 36 '' you can cut the seal length but it 's a good idea to crimp the seal in the channel to prevent the seal from shrinking in length over time . The Frost King Auto door sweep is hard to find in stores . You have to look online or at the smaller hardware stores because the big box home improvement stores are too ignorant to carry them along with the other Frost King products
 I gave Just For Copper a shot because the idea of no flame for redoing my radiant heat system made sense for where I was working . I put all the lines together and initially had 1 leak which was expected for how that joint went together . I fixed it and there were no leaks for about a week . Now 2 weeks later nearly half of the joints have started seeping . I was careful to sand everything very well and not wipe the sanding dust . I was not stingy with the product and generally had plenty of excess upon installation . It looked great for a week , now I wish I had just soldered it . Now it will take me an additional 1-2 days to repair all the leaks that have started . I would not recommend this product to anyone , and I will never use it again . The worst part , they only way to fix a leak with this stuff is to take it apart and try again , at least with solder you can work on it assembled .
 I have been replacing these `` glued '' joints in my mountain cabin at they fail . They simply do n't withstand cold temps . It may be fine for use in a temperate climate .
 Failed in 3 out of 4 joints done per specs . Instructions do not mention temperature vs. cure time . Suggest you do n't use at less than 75 degrees F . If you do , wait extra long or warm up the joints .
 \ my reason I was unhappy is aabove but my husband said it 's just okay so we did not see any reason , you get what you get
 Let me start out by saying that this is the first time ive ever orderd anything from amazon.com , I 'm sure my experience is n't the norm . I placed an order for a schrade `` old timer '' pocket knife as a christmas gift for my grandfather . I open the box and pull out the knife to see if it is the correct item I orderd , of course it was and I proceeded to look it over and check its working order . I open one of the blades and hear a crack and see a peice of the knife fall onto the table infront of me . guess thats my luck . I do n't know how to go about getting a replacement , hopefully typing this is the correct way to go about it . I also have pictures of the item fresh from the box showing the broken peices if that helps.-Aric -
 I have been a professional woodworker for the last 12 years and in that time , I have had the chance to cut dovetails every way possible . Among the dovetail router jigs I 've used -LRB- Akeda , Leigh , the OLD PC omnijig , and the Keller system -RRB- , the Omnijig has got to be my least favorite.Two years ago I started working for a small upstart furniture company . The newly redesigned Omnijig was among one of their first purchases . I was skeptical . It looked like the variable spaced `` fingers '' were bowing across their own weight and the aluminum resting bar was not coplanar . It looked like the cheapo piece of pewter the set-screws tighten against would strip after a few months . It looked like tightening ANYTHING would nudge something else out of alignment . It looked like raising and lowering the template armature would be super awkward . BUT ... . I gave it a shot . Two years later , I stand by my initial reaction
 After more then 100 test cuts trying to align the single-pass half-blind dovetail template , I gave up . Each time I would do a test cut the results were different , even though I had made no adjustments.One time the pin board sits proud - recut without adjustment and now it is recessed.One pass I will get loose fitting dovetails and the next pass - no adjustment - I will get dovetails to tight to pound together with a hammer.When I tighten the knobs for the height adjustment , the single-pass half blind dovetail template is flexed out of shape . It 's as if the base and the height adjustment matting surface were n't aligned when the jig was manufactured.All in all this jig is a big failure . Save your money and find another jig that is more consistent and reliable.A real big disappointment considering its endorsements on New Yankee Workshop and American Woodshop . I guess I will rethink products used on these shows and get real world comments and feedback before I jump in.Don
 I have a copy of a press release from Porter Cable announcing with great fanfare the arrival of their 77240 24-Inch Omnijig - Dovetail Jig Joinery System . It was to have become available in early 2007 . I was excited , as I 'm a big fan of their product line , and have wanted a dovetail jig with adjustable dovetail spacing capability for some time . Later , as I visited the Porter Cable website , I noticed the available date had changed to August of 2007 . As August approached , I went to their site again , anxious to see when it was scheduled to begin shipping . This time , the jig was no longer anywhere on their links to new products . I could n't find a mention of it anywhere.So , I e-mailed Porter Cable and asked why it was being delayed and whether it would eventually be available . The answer
 We purchased this direct from the manufacturer . It has a flexible sensor pad that you place inside your child 's underwear . This is , even when new , unreliable as it shifts and is very uncomfortable for my son . After it gets wet , it must completely dry before it will work again . It must be rinsed and laid out to dry in the middle of the night or it will smell in the morning If you wait to clean it , it wo n't be dry by the time you need it again . After you 've used it a bit , it gets crinkled -LRB- or there is the smallest amount of moisture left in it -RRB- and you have constant `` false alarms '' where every time my son moved it would squeak and squeal.If this was in the $ 20 range , at least I would feel like I got what I paid for . I was so desparate for help for my son that I got what I could get quickest , assuming they 're all basically the same . My son HATED this , it was a complete waste of money and I went out and spent another $ 100 on a Malem -LRB- which actually works -RRB- .
 After a couple of nights of use the pad was all crinkled and would n't stay in place and was very uncomfortable . My son would move and it would send off a false alarm . For the amount of money you spend on this product you would think they would include more than just 2 sensors . One gets wet in the middle of the night you have to replace it with the second , hoping by the next evening the sensors are dry enough to use again . It has not stopped the bed wetting .
 The alarm pads are too big so they bend easy . Once bent , the alarms go off by themselves and do not work well after the first two weeks . I do not recommend this product .
 The alarm portion was heavy and dragged my son 's shirt down . You also have to pin it to his shirt - not a very good idea for a tired parent at 2:00 in the morning . I lost the velcro that attached the pin to the alarm , and ended up having to sew it together . My son was uncomfortable with the stiff , large pads that go in the pants . Also , he tended to not wake up to the alarm . Ended up ditching this and buying a whole new alarm for him .
 No , seriously -- this was a waste of my time . This pen gets hot enough to feel through the plastic grip . The tip of one of my nibs bent the during its first few uses . I noticed a small black line that developed on the nib that looks like the start of a heat-related crack . I 've barely used this pen/nib -LRB- about 5 light uses -RRB- and it 's already showing signs of breaking . I 'll pass , thanks ... and I think I 'll be buying a pen with a heat regular in the future .
 This worked pretty good the first day I used it , but now it does n't get near hot enough to be worth it . I 'm talking about 5 minutes to make one simple 4 inch line !
 I bought this based on the Weller name - have used their soldering irons for years and never had any problems but this woodburning kit is junk ! I needed to letter some small wood signs and put in the small grooving point . After heating up I noticed the point of this was starting to `` melt '' and bend to the side - on the third letter it broke off . Following the instructions I attempted to remove the base of the tip hot with pliers - the tip broke off leaving the threads blocked . I unplugged and let it cool down - there was no way without drilling and tapping to get the broken piece out so it was totally useless . Sad to see a good company like Weller go to making product in China and the quality go so bad ! Have returned for refund and am trying another unit with the best rating on the woodturning kits - hope it is a lot better then this junk . Would give this a negative star rating if it was possible - 0 is too high and a 1 is way too high !
 Worked fine until I changed the tip . As soon as I took the origional tip out then the thread stripped I could not get a new one in making it worthless .
 I had hoped buying `` up '' on a more known brand would help but it does n't . This unit is very frustrating to use to the point of being worthless except for only very small , imprecise projects . The heat generated is n't very strong and once you start using it cools quickly . Which means you have to burn , stop , burn , stop , burn , stop ... which creates obvious patterns in the wood where you do n't want them . I 'm sure for small things , easy hobbies , etc. this might be fine . But , if you are trying to burn anything 2 or 3 inches or larger be ready for frustration and about 4 hours . Would not recommend .
 I was so excited to get this woodburner and wow was I disappointed . The handle got so hot I could n't hold it . The first nib I tried bent right over like it was melting . This makes me afraid for a person just starting out in woodburning .
 When these Weller irons work , they work great . But the tips have a tendency to shear off inside the barrel which basically renders the iron useless . It 'll still get hot , but forget about using another tip on it when half the threads from the sheared-off tip are still inside the barrel . Today I had this happen to me again ... for the 3rd time now I think .
 After minimal use , two of the tips simply melted off . The last one burned a hole in my pants and burned my skin . I emailed customer service and explained what happened and asked for a replacement of the two tips . My emails were never even acknowledged , much less acted upon . I would not recommend this product to my worst enemy .
 Spend $ 12 more , you can get a brand new one with blades and 2 years warranty , of course , same brand and model .
 About 15 months ago I purchased a Vaughan SH2 22-ounce hatchet at the local Home Depot store . I wanted it for chopping wood on camping trips plus for general use around the home and garden . It seemed appropriate . It had a nice feel and balance and was n't terribly expensive . Alas , I 've been very disappointed with this product.First of all , the blade did n't seem to keep a good cutting edge for very long . I 've sharpened it too many times for the limited use it has received . Worse , the handle was not firmly fixed to the hatchet head and tended to slip off during use . In active use , it had to be tapped back on every few minutes . Annoying and potentially dangerous . Worse yet , today I was cutting a yucca stump -LRB- not a very hard wood -RRB- and the handle broke off at the base of the head . Supposedly it had a `` flame treated hickory handle , '' whatever that might mean , but surely a hatchet handle might be expected to last longer than this . Maybe I just got a defective handle , but what do I do now with a broken fifteen-month-old tool ? Take it back ? Well , my solution is to not buy Vaughn products again and to warn others . Otherwise , it 's a nicely designed tool . Given a decent handle , I 'd expect to have it around and use it for many years.Gary Peterson
 I 'm very disappointed . The crystal itself is pretty to look at , but as far as rainbows go , which I bought it for , it 's terrible .
 The directions are very poorly done ... very difficult to relate to the operation of the unit . I purchased some calibrated uranium ore to test this gadget with and found the results to be totally unreliable and very inconsistent . I ended up returning it to the vendor and purchasing their next level up unit called the ` Monitor 4 ' which performs GREAT -LRB- it was also almost double the cash , but I guess you get what you pay for -RRB- . The vendor was a pleasure to deal with .
 The screen broke within a day while being carried in a pocket , rendering the device basically unusable . The agents for the product in Japan insisted from the start that the only possible reason was customer misuse and were generally unpleasant to deal with . -LRB- The instructions are also in terrible English and the readings differ markedly from those of more sophisticated devices , but then proper accuracy is difficult at this kind of price -RRB- . #
 Not sensitive enough to be practical . I consider it usless . Did not come with batteries , as advertised . The manufacture refused to refund my money ; offering to accept as trade-in on a more expensive model or possibly repair if they though it was defective after examining it .
 I was prepared that this low cost geiger counter may not be too accurate . I was n't prepared that this geiger counter did not work at all . Even worse , almost as soon as i plug in batteries , it started to overheat.Since never in my life have I seen this happen , I stupidly openned it and pulled the hot batteries out -LRB- one of which already seems leaking -RRB- with my hands . Later I noticed that my hand were itching , so I washed my hands a lot which helpedThis is a low quality product , made in Russia . Not worth $ 150 , not worth FREE , because it 's so dangerous . So buyers be ware .
 I 'm working as a carpenter and I used the gloves for a week now and they have started to come apart.I do n't think the label `` build tough '' printed on this product applies to it !
 I ca n't believe these gloves . After one day of working the finger tips tore . I 've purchased $ 5.00 gloves in the past that have lasted longer than these . If you have to use your fingers alot while working these gloves are n't for you . I 'm hoping the manufacturer will send replacements . These were n't expensive in any way but I 'd at least like a product to last more than a week . As for warmth and comfort they 'd get a three star .
 Tough , cold weather ? Huh ? Maybe if you live in southern California . I am surprised these gloves are marketed this way . Whatever happened to truth in advertising ... and Dewalt should be ashamed .
 I wanted a set of small wrenches for quick access when off-roading . I did n't need Snap-On quality , but I did n't want disposable tools either . These wrenches are of poor quality , the shanks are curved in some cases , the thickness varies from wrench to wrench , and the hand finishing is carelessly done . They do not even look like a `` set . '' if you found them in the $ 1.97 tool bin at your local auto parts store , you would think they were over-priced . I picked up a set of Craftsman `` evolv '' brand at Sears for very little more money . Much nicer tools . They look like Snap-On compared to the Tekton .
 I tried to like this center . I really did . It 's big , it feels substantial , and it 's exactly what I 'm looking for . The first one felt like it had positive stops every quater of a turn . I figure in any production line there will be duds , so I had Amazon send me another one -LRB- thank goodness for Amazon 's easy return system -RRB- . The second one is better , but I can still feel the bearings grind when I turn it . Hooked up to the lathe , at slow speeds , it feels and sounds like a pepper mill grinding pepper - not the smooth , quiet live center I was expecting . Still hopefull , I called PSI directly , figuring they would find me a good one and send it to me , I do n't doubt all the other reviewer have good ones , I 'm just seeing some poor QC up the chain . Anyway , I could hear the technician 's superviser talking to him in the background , and he basically said that 's how it 's supposed to run . Maybe it will get better with time , he tells me . He said if I wanted a quiet , smoother center I should look into their more expensive package -LRB- ~ $ 80 -RRB- . I was pretty surprised since they advertise it as a `` smooth running '' center.Oh well , the replacement is headed back to Amazon . If you want to risk it , just make sure you do n't tear up the package it came in so you can return it if you need to . Off to find another cone shaped center ...
 Not overly pleased with this item . While it seems secure , the backing plate has unscrewed itself twice and I am not just leaving it off , though this allows contamination f \ through the back recess . This does not seem to make a performance difference yet , but I think it will in time .
 The back of this cone center is a threaded disk with two holes for a two pin spanner wrench . So far , I have n't found a wrench to fit , which is too bad , because the back comes loose frequently . With no wrench , I end up trying to tighten it up with my fingertips pressed against the plate.I do n't trust this center not to come apart in the middle of a project and kill me , so I end up not using it . If I could find a wrench to fit , I 'd try a little thread lock on it .
 Price was good maybe too good . It makes noise and is alittle rough running . I do use it alittle but I think calling it heavy duty will not hold up . Would not recommend for anything but very light use .
 I order these tools for my husband , but the tools had 2 of the mm tools in it , now i have to buy more tools to replace the extra tools I got , waste of money .
 I received two of the 14 mm wrenches . One was in place of the 1/2 wrench . I tried to contact the company and had no luck . Im stuck with ntwo 14mm wrenchs of this set . Bummer .
 I received this set . All the tools were as described ; however , it smelled like moth balls . I tried everything to get rid of the smell . After 1 year , I had to get throw it away , since the smell was so strong .
 These wrenches look cheap , worst than '' Pittsburgh '' . Cost for return almost charge 50 % price . They were made in India , that 's why .
 yeeeaahh ... received two 13mm and did n't get a 12mm . i do n't even know how that happens . I give it two stars because , well , it 's pretty critical to get all the correct pieces into it . Overall , the price was right , I do like the carrying pouch and they seem sturdy enough for what I need . sure would like to have had a 12 mm though ...
 This product did n't come to me complete . I was missing a 5/16 '' and a 15/16 '' wrench from this set . I searched all in the packaging and throughout the box , and sure enough , these wrenches were missing . As far as practicality , they work , but do n't be surprised if they swindle you out of a couple of wrenches
 Like other reviewers , I am also missing a wrench . How hard is it to place the correct wrenches in a pouch ? This one 's going back .
 In the last three months I 've bought two Delta facuets . One was for our guest bathroom , where we put in a new ssink . The other one was for our kitchen sink.These facuets have a decent appearance . But the quality of their parts is a big disapointment . The ` brass ' facuet installed in our spare bathroom has a drain stop that looks like brass , but is made of plastic -- not a good idea for sinks that are cleaned mostly with abraisive materials.What got me was that this was not an especially cheap facet . It cost $ 200 , purchased from EFaucets.com , through Amazon.The other faucet replaced a 7 year old American Standard faucset , that had developed severe constriction in its hot water.The Delta that replaced it , I noticed when carrying out the old faucet in the new faucet 's box , was made of solid metal components . I had a real weight and heft to it . The Delta faucet , on the other hand was extremely light . The reason for the lightness is the overwhelming preponderance of plastic parts . I was shocked by this revelation . If I was n't already on the hook for the services of a plumber I hired to install the faucet , I would have returned it.In the store , all you see is the top part of the faucet . All the working parts are hidden away below the counter.This faucet cost $ 100 . It is cheaply made , and not worth the price .
 Save yourself some money and go to your local orange `` big box '' store where they have this exact same item for a third of the price !
 Bought the set of 10 for $ 10 , thinking I was getting a good deal compared to prices I 'd seen at local hardware stores . Then went to HD and saw they sold each pencil for 10 cents , or $ 1 for 10 . They also sell the set -LRB- with sharpener -RRB- for ... I want to say $ 2 ?
 I bought a couple of pairs of these gloves but I had to return one pair because the one I used ripped and began to wear out after one use . They 're marked `` Light Duty '' on the box so i guess I 'll look for the heavy duty ones .
 The mechanix utility gloves use a thinner fabric than the original gloves . When I tried then on for the first time I grabbed the velcro strap to put the gloved on and the strap tore off . These gloves are not worth the cost . Just get the original gloves and pass on these .
 I have small hands and the small utility gloves where perfect for a tight fit , but Mechanix changed the look and fit of their gloves and the fingers are too long and the gloves are not as tight . I returned them thinking there had been a mistake , but the replacement gloves were the same . Too bad they changed my favorite gloves .
 I thought I 'd try a pair and of course pay a premium for them . But they do n't really live up to what I need , just too thin . They do n't offer much protection and are too light to use in cold weather where you might want some type of glove but need the dexterity too , which is the main reason I bought them.Anyway probably work well for most people but not for me , other brands do better for less money .
 I agree with a previous reviewer , and was n't happy when this came covered in blue paint . My biggest issue though was the ` made in Taiwan ' sticker on it . Vaughan advertises made in America , with huge ` Made in USA ' logos on their website . its disappointing to see another product outsourced and to know that money I thought I was spending on American jobs instead gets shipped overseas .
 Received product today , quick delivery . However , the shower head and hose look like chrome , not stainless steel . It does not match the other Delta products I have which are stainless . Box states stainless , but definitely not . Contacted seller to return this product .
 I would have to say that I recommend passing on this item . It took for ever to arrive and when it did it was very disappointing . And at this price I really was n't setting my expectations that high . The axe I received was n't even symetrical across the head . One cutting edge had very pronouced scallops on both faces forming the `` hollow ground '' edge , but the other side did n't ! I 've never seen a double bit axe that was so distorted , even the real cheap imports .
 I am a big fan of Vaughan and Bushnell products and have an axe that has functioned excellent for over 30 years and multiple handles . This is not even in the same league . This came in a box that said Vaughan and Bushnell from Bushnell Illinois . But the axe was labled `` Made in Mexico '' !! The head casting was of poor quality and had grind marks all over it even outside of the hollowed grinds . It was not polished steel but painted solid blue all over in what I assume was an attempt to cover the grind marks that will keep it from sliding free of the wood . Do not get this axe if you plan to actually use it as a double bit axe on wood .
 Decently made for the money . Somehow they are smaller than what you think . I looked at the measurements but they really do not hold a lot . Too small for my intended purpose but I can find another use for it
 This bag is pretty small to serve any useful purpose . I had hoped that it will atleast be able to hold a few pair of clothes , some first-aid kit items and may be a book or two.But this product is about half of my arm 's length and only few inches wide . Although it looks very hefty and sizable from this picture , it is so small that when not in use it may very easily just fit in your coat pocket ?! I was only able to store one medium sized book in this bag , it is so tiny!It 's actual dimensions are
 I received this as a gift and I loved this flashlight for the first year and a half that I used it before the bulb burned out . There is no way to remove the bulb from the `` bulb assembly '' and no replacement assembly is available . At least with a Maglite you can replace the bulb . Disappointing .
 This flashlight looked in the picture like a Brinkman flashlight I have owned for years and I use in a bathroom cabinet for emergencies . I thought a Victorinox model would be well-made and dependable . Well , I am quite disappointed . As far as quality feel , the flashlight is very light and the aluminum feels cheep , almost plastic-y . There is no on-off button , so you have to turn the head to power it on . After a couple of uses , I already had to pretty much turn the head to the point it comes off to power the flashlight off . And when I tried again , this time I could n't turn it on even with the head screwed all the way in , and had to try several times taking it off off then putting it back on . This is not at all what you would expect from a respected Swiss company that makes world-famous pocket knives .
 After only been used for few times the LED head quit working , no replacement available.The light was flickering and breaking up was not impressive at all
 I ordered this flashlight as part of a Victorinox knife/flashlight set . The first flashlight that I received did n't work at all . I returned the set and received a replacement set . This time the flashlight worked , but only if the batteries were installed backwards from any other flashlight I ever owned . Well I kept that one , but as others have since reported this flashlight is no where near as bright as similar AA Maglites . I found it very disappointing and probably wo n't use it much , if at all . Well at the least the knife worked fine ... as do most all Victorinox knives ... they are still great !
 How do you turn this thing on so I can use it ?????? I was going to send it as a gift but if I can not turn it on how can I expect somebody else too.Is there anybody out there that can help me . I try to turn the top clockwiseand nothing happens.Thanks
 I obtained 2 of these lights . Both led lights failed after about 1 month . The great thing is that they have a lifetime warranty . Bad thing is I sent them to manufacturer -LRB- Victorinox Swiss Army -RRB- in for warranty repair/replacement of lights 10 weeks ago with no response from manufacturer . I emailed them and got an auto response that someone would be getting back to me shortly , ... has been 12 weeks with no contact . Called manufacturer 6 weeks ago and they took my number and told me someone would get back to me , to this date no one from the manufacturer has contacted me . I would suggest that if you want a LED flashlight go with another brand . I hope that the Swiss army does not use these lights because they will be out of luck .
 Good quality flashlight but had some problems and tried to get some aswers from the factury and they wo n't even answer yourrequests . Very bad costumer service .
 after about one year of use during which time I was always having to wiggle the head to get light it has completely quit.Checked batteries , cleaned connections.Nothing .
 I love the looks of the lamp , but very cheaply made . One of the welds on the lamp shade was broken when it arrived . Now all four of them are broke and the shade wo n't stay up . We tried to glue it , we 'll see how it works out .
 This flashlight is worth about $ 10 . It says a 5W led but it is very dim as compared to the Maglight 3W led 2D flashlight that sells for 50 % less . Also the beam is not focusable as the maglight is . . Save your money
 This is my first review after shopping on Amazon for years . I was so disapointed with this product I had to write one.First off - I bought three as Christmas gifts and only one worked . And the one that worked still had some issues.To turn the light on you have to twist -LRB- tighten -RRB- the top to connect the light with the batteries . Well this sounds like it should work pretty easy but the only one that worked you had to tighten it so hard my mom and wife could n't turn it on.Second you ca n't focus the light . I have a led maglite that cost about the same and you can focus the light and it 's easier to turn on.There is a reason this flashlight is on sale . Save your money do n't buy it .
 Would not work out of the box . Amazon promptly exchanged for one that works . It is rugged and bright . I would prefer button for on off instead of twisting the head .
 did n't live up to its claim . Did not work at all ! Can not return because I had it for my new move stored away . When I tried it and waited per the instructions it still did not work !
 I had good luck with both the framing nailer and brad nailer . The finish nailer in my opinion is a horrible tool !! I would bet a 50 % or less nail delivery , and of those 50 % , 30 % of them bend or get stuck half way out . I am using the corrrect nails , a Porter Cable pancake compressor w / the correct pressure -LRB- tested on practice pieces first -RRB- - so none of this is because of incorrect nails or pressure . I pre-lubed the kit with a drop of oil into the air inlet , and also put some on the hammer after I found sparks coming out of it . I actually returned the whole kit today and got a new one on exchange - and the trim nailer was worse !! It punches large holes into the trim and delivers no nails !! Then , you try to put the head back and match up to the huge hole it just made , and bam , a nail comes out about right next to the giant gaping empty hole and the nail gets jammed in the head !! Like I said - framing and brad nailer worked ok ... trim nailer - unless you are doing a soft pine , and are using putty and paint , forget it - it is a hack tool !!! Drill and hand hammer is what I ended up doing because this tool is a turd.I am very upset with this because I wasted some 1x6 pieces of maple that we had finished by the amish to match our cabinets - I tried to put some putty in the holes but they literally look like I used drywall screws - thats how big they are !!! Bad review from me on the trim nailer - sorry . The others are ok and I am happy with them , too bad the trim nailer is so poor !
 After hearing all of the tales of mag-aa durability , etc.I 'm extremely disappointed , the aa model is very dim compared to the more modern personal lights I own.It isnt a dependable light at all , after one 2 foot drop to a carpeted floor the bulb blew out.I replaced the bulb with the spare , and it blew out when I put fresh batteries in . My recommendation is buy one of the new l.e.d personal lights-no bulbs to burn out , longer battery life , much better beam quality , lighter and more dependable .
 Purchased several maglights over the past few years , every flashlight stopped working or corroded , ordered parts and replaced parts in the non-working lights , and then they corroded . I spent too much money on a product that did n't last
 This flashlight has very average brightness . The beam that it produces is very uneven . Battery life is average . Basically , it is the Chevy Caviler of flashlights.If you are interested in top performance , check out flashlights from Fenix , Streamlight or Surefire . They will cost more , but there is a night and day difference . A similarly sized flashlight that produces 10X the brightness with a very smooth and even light is the Surefire G2 .
 I bought this based on the name and the reviews . Disappointed in the flashlight , not only does it work sometimes but it 's not even that bright . Most of the time I go to turn it on and nothing happens , even if I unscrew the cap all the way for candle mode I still get nothing . It happened the very first time I tried it so it has n't been abused or dropped in any way . Disappointed on the lack of quality in the pricey flashlight .
 Overall it 's a nice light . It 's bright . It 's durable . I have owned a couple and they never broke on me . But it is absolutely inexcusable that there is n't a way to lock it on and off . I have never carried one that did n't end up getting accidentally turned on while in the factory provided sheath . Simply put , it was n't there when I needed it and a simple little button would have fixed it and made it perfect .
 I purchased this light a week ago from Home Depot for almost $ 25 and it no longer works . Did everything Maglite recommended and still no luck . Problem is either the tail cap or the barrel/switch . Light flashes intermittently when tightening the tail cap after battery replacement , but once the tail cap is tight , the light no longer works . What a disappointing product from Maglite.I just went to Sports Authority and found a Nite Ize LED upgrade for my old Mini Maglight and that has been working flawlessly . It does n't have the same intensity or the beam focus as the Mag LED , but at least it works.P.S . I forgot to mention the extremely poor battery life . LED lights are by theory supposed to last longer than krypton bulbs . Not so with this light . I was lucky to get 4 hours out of mine . This may have been caused by the problem mentioned above , but my Nite Ize upgrade has lasted almost 8 hours now , and no sign of wearing down .
 Had this flashlight for a while , used it only a couple of times and when I needed to use it today it would turn on and flicker off when I tilted it . Replaced the batteries and now it wo n't event turn on . Was able to get it to turn on for a couple of second by adjusting the battery cap , but wo n't stay it on , and I never even dropped it or abused it like I did with the old incandescent AA Maglite . Then after reading the warranty I find out that the LED is not covered so if the bulb burns out , you are left with a useless aluminum battery holder . Not on par with the Maglite tradition .
 Supposed to include two AA batteries but I see I was charged an additional $ 7.51 for a pair of batteries I neither needed nor ordered . What kind of a dirty trick is that ? Be careful ... Amazon has apparently slipped over to the dark side and is now obviously a stinking dirty rat .
 3 weeks ago , I contacted Maglite for a replacement switch for my 4-D flashlight , in which the switch failed . The customer service rep asked me for my serial number , which I gave her and she assured me that I could get a replacement switch . I gave her my name and address and she said that a shipment had just gone out , and it would be in the next shipment . That was fine with me . Days turned into weeks . Still no part . More days went by . STILL no part in the mail.Hmmmm . Is this how long time customers are treated ? I previous owned a variety of their flashlights , from an AAA Solitaire to a 5-D flashlight , at least 5 in total . My dad has purchased in the neighborhood of 15 or more himself , starting in about '86 when someone else turned him onto Maglites.Customer support is as important to me as the product itself . Has customer support become a casualty of a tough economy?This long-time customer will have to look at alternatives the next time he 's buying a flashlight .
 These were fine in their day , but have been eclipsed by much better , brighter AA or AAA flashlights . I decided to try upgrading two old ones I own to the newer LED and Xenon bulbs . Both bulbs were available at the box store and very reasonable . Sadly , neither bulb did much to improve the amount of light these Mini MagLites produce.I did n't test lumens or anything like that . I just added fresh batteries , turned them on in a room with daylight coming into it , and you could just see a small circle of light on the wall at 6 ' . At 8 ' they were almost invisible . Better technologies have passed these by .
 Yea if you want to buy something at walmart , its OK . If you are ordering online , you can do WAY better.OK I 'm sorry . Seriously these things are bad . They 're solidly built on the outside , but they suck . I 've broken 2 or 3 . I ca n't really find them all , but trust me , they 're broken.I just tried fixing one , and guess what ? I did fix it . Then I sprayed it with some silicone and THE REFLECTIVE COATING ON THE REFLECTOR MELTED OFF . WTF ??? Really ? I know these are a couple years old , but honestly . thats just crap . Also the black plastic piece around the bulb melted too . The one that says `` DO NOT REMOVE . '' I had to remove it to fix the switch and now its melted.I spent $ 20 on a Cree Q5 flashlight . -LRB- akoray k-106 -RRB- Order it from Dealextreme . It 'll take 2 weeks to get to you , but its worth it . 3 programable modes -LRB- brightness , stobe , blink , `` s-o-s-o '' mode -RRB- Put in a 14500 -LRB- li-ion aa shaped battery -RRB- and enjoy between ~ 5-200 lumens.http : / / www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.16607 -LRB- they claim its a 6 mode , its really a 3 -RRB- Tight on budget ? Look up the Ultrafire C3 . 70-80 lumens and $ 10 . http://www.dealextreme.com/details.dx/sku.1993
 This look at the darkness ring / write where small size Maglite is dim . If the head of the flashlight which is broken that is twisted , concerning that exactly as for a certain thing , that that it is and changing the beam into the dark ring flood where light/write is put in place appropriately exactly from the fact that it becomes black it is possible necessary . So being anodized for corrosion resistance and the durability which increases , this flashlight really the automatic operation which removes oxidation as a feature showing the type switch of cleaning which rusts . While making the application of a bad state where the part of the circuit of low resistance the electric battery is bad possible , the O ring of resistance to class and the water whose each start is high produces effect . The representative of nast free light/write of the hand of of the convenience which candle mode that is entreated includes in the darkness in regard to this flashlight . Needs the something which dark state is hard , sign of the diamond which is applied that has been broken perhaps and is the fairness where where it is turned off and with that of the point in regard to the excessive lamp of help of the tail hat of grip that you attach . Your purchase includes the electric battery of the main holder and two alkalis AA .
 I had 2 of their products . Both failed miserably.Never got a whole lot of use out the mini because the bulb life and battery life were just terrible . I recently tried to upgrade it with an LED kit . Forget it . The internal plastic parts just fell apart in my hands.I had bought one of their C cell lights about 10 years ago . It made it through one set of batteries . When I tried to replace the batteries , the tail end would not come off . It had somehow become welded to the body of the flashlight . I think the parts corroded together and got stuck . Tried a vice , channel lock pliers , you name it . Anything that would impart enough force to get it unglued would have damaged the body . Went in the trash .
 Says it 's an LED in specs . It 's a xenon bulb . Not happy about this . I specifically ordered it because it was LED . I already opened it which you ca n't do without wrecking the packaging so I 'm out of luck .
 Thats how this works . You rotate the top portion around and the brightness and focal length increases . But then it comes off at the end . I read this about this product before , but its kind of annoying when you want to use this in a hurry and it becomes loose.Would have preferred a switch.Its quite compact and slips easily into your pocket . Would buy again from Maglite , but not the same design.Advice
 I went through 6 bulbs in 4 months !!! The Surefire G2 is my weapon of choice now :D at least 4x brighter AND it 's smaller .
 Trust me it feels good in your hand but the led streamlight for 20 is a better deal.well i said it is 8 dollars
 I 've gone through two of these flashlights . They are horrible . They work great when they work , and the light is bright but after the first time I used it it got dim and now when I turn it on it flickers and goes off . A much better flashlight that I own is the Illuminator Flashlight . It is a hand cranked flashlight . It is also less than this flashlight on Amazon .
 I ca n't believe that Maglites are still considered quality lights these days.Sure , they were pretty good 10 years or so ago . But what 's changed ? The Mini Maglites I 've owned have always had the same problems - bulbs which go pop and fail if the light experiences any kind of shock - or sometimes for no reason at all . And that dim , yellow , uneven excuse for a beam of light.It 'd be nice if Mag produced a light which you could actually * rely * on to work when you needed it , rather than this outdated rubbish.I 've since found far more reliable , brighter , and generally better lights from other makers such as Streamlight.There are lots of lights out there which are miles ahead of Maglites in every category .
 I bought a 2 aa Mini LED . The first one lasted about a week . It started flickering just like the two guys mentioned in there reviews . It is useless now . I waited to long to return to lowes . So a few months past before I get around to dealing with the problem . I purchased the same exact light from Home depot in a town an hour and half away . I am sure you can guess what I had planned . To my amazement the replacement never worked out the box . Just did the flickering thing . I am not a review writer type of of guy , but this has got me boiling over . I like mag lites just not the led 's . Do your self a favor and stay clear of this piece of garbage !
 To start with , this little flashlight is a first generation fashlight , whereas the modern lithium-powered `` tactical lights '' are of third generation . Therefore , it is clear that this light can not match those modern super-bright flashlights in performance.By todays ' standards , the Mini Maglite is an adequate general-purpose flashlight . It is comfortably small , although if it were a bit fatter , it would fit better to a hand . The body of the flashlight is of high-impact aluminium , making the Mini-Mag a very sturdy little light , tough enough to be used as an impact weapon.You need two hands to operate Mini Maglight . As there is no light switch , you activate the light by rotating the head of the light , until the light activates . This can be very ankward , depending on the situation on which you need the light . The light is actually quite dim , by modern standards . Again , it depends on the situation if the Mini-Mag is bright enough , but as a rule of thumb , the more powerful the light is , the better . After all , there is very little need for dull knifes , or dim flashlights . Also , the light pattern of Mini-Mag is not even , but the light beam has dark rings or spots , making it harder to see clearly the `` target '' on some occasions.If you need a small general-purpose flashlight to keep in the glove compartment of your car , for example , Mini Maglite is a reasonable choice . It is an affordable light , and the batteries are much cheaper than those used in modern high-powered flashlights . But if you need the flashlight for more serious use , it 's better to look for a third generation flashlight .
 I have had three Maglites , which were not exposed to rugged use . Even though the batteries and bulbs were still good , they no longer operate . Somehow it appears that the connections or wiring have failed !
 I have owned at least 5 maglites and especially like the mini mag but with ALL of the maglites I have had the same problem
 Here is our situation ; We just built a new house , and we decided we would paint it ourselves to save a bit . We had to prime and paint everything including ceilings , walls , and stairways . We used pretty much the top of the line paint from a top of the line paint store , not a big box store . We had six people who primed in shifts with three of these paintsticks . The priming took about six hours altogether , so 18 man hours with the sticks . We had all levels of experience from my daughter who is 16 up to me who has done a lot of painting etc. . We had also bought a `` rejuva roller '' cleaner , and a spin dryer for rollers and brushes.As we painted , folks commented it seemed like a long time to get the paint on the walls , and when we pushed the sticks to get more paint out , we would get a dot pattern from where the paint pushes through the roller . That had to be gone over a lot to get the wall covered . The roller covers were pretty much beat down by the end of the day , and we ended up buying new ones at about $ 7 a piece -LRB- The price of a really good regular roller cover -RRB- . The rollers were hard to clean , and because they have holes in them for the paint to come out , they wo n't clean up in the rejuva roller -LRB- which is AWESOME on regular rollers -RRB- . Friday we started painting the ceiling . Same issue with a struggle to get adequate paint on the ceiling . Many people try to spread paint too far , when in fact you want to load up the roller and cover about 8-9 sq. ft. per load . We stopped on Friday and recoated the ceiling yesterday . Still streaky from too little paint loading in the roller of the stick . It seems that if you get enough paint through the roller , the lower quality nap wo n't hold it , and you get drips and spatters.THEN , our contractor stopped by , and said the primer was too thin on the walls and we needed to recoat . Two of us worked with regular rollers for about 8 hours -LRB- 16 man hours -RRB- , and recoated the walls with primer . A MUCH better job , and it did not take a lot longer for the walls than the sticks did . The secret was too keep the roller loaded with paint from the tray . Overall exhaustion level was better too as we were n't holding the heavier sticks . Clean up took about 5 minutes with the rejuva roller and the spinner and those roller covers will be used many more times , as they came totally clean.The verdict
 If you are planning to use ordinary high quality paint thats thicker than water then you will have problems within one hour of using this product . I quickly clogs up and then seizes up . Less than a gallon of paint and it frozen solid . A strip down reveals dried pain on the plunger seal and plugged up tubes . The tube also has dried paint this glues the assembly solid . An hour of cleaning and its pretty clear this is a bad design not intended for high quality paint and certainly only going to work with paint that really is like water . Forget fast drying paints or one coat paints they will glue the plunger in that tube in next to no time .
 I purchased this product because a friend recommended it . I had problems right out of the box . The o rings on the plunger are too big and too soft , which makes the plunger very difficult to insert into the tube , and once you manage to get it in , the o rings roll in their grooves causing the tool to lose suction making it useless . Once I managed to get the tool to work and suck the paint up into the tube , I noticed the roller moved very stiffly , and once loaded with paint , it did not roll freely , causing the roller to slide across the surface instead of rolling.This may have been a good tool at one time , I am not sure , but the one I got was a huge dissappointment and waste of money . I promptly threw the whole thing in the garbage . If you want one that works , get the one made by Wagner , it has a few more parts to clean and is a little more complicated , but I have had decent luck with it , and usually can get a few days worth of painting out of it before I have any problems , then I simply buy a new one ... they are cheap .
 I purchased this painting stick with the idea of using it for a large inside painting job -LRB- including ceilings -RRB- but without having to change colors . After less than 2 hours of use , the seals around the head were leaking -LRB- splattering me and the floor with paint -RRB- . After 2-1/2 hours , the roller was popping off even when not saturated with paint , wasting great quantities of paint . After 3 hours -LRB- actually slightly less -RRB- , it was in the garbage . The amount of effort saved was not worth the aggrevation .
 I bought this paintstick to paint 2 rooms , with celings . I got one coat on each ceiling & it worked ok but I would n't say that it 's better than traditional rollers or that it saves you time or energy . If anything , its heavier and makes you work harder and takes just as much time . Furthermore , cleaning this thing not only takes a phD but it also takes an hour plus AND was so tedious I ended up throwing it away ... I just didnt see the value.The instruction booklet is 2 pages on setup and use and 6 pages on cleaning . No thanks .
 I bought a paint stick and used it for years . I had to buy a new one after original was crushed . I used the twice -LRB- cleaning it after each use -RRB- and when I went to use it the third time , nothing ! There was no suction at all . I pulled it apart , cleaned it again , greased it up and still nothing.I can not find the receipt so I can not return it.I will NEVER buy a Wagner paint stick again .
 I bought one to do my deck and it worked great on half of it and then the pad started coming off which let the stain flow freely , so I went back to Lowe 's to buy a replacement pad and they do n't carry them so I bought another stain stick . when I finished the other half I looked at the head and it 's starting to come off also . I still have one or two more coats to but on with something else . Do n't waste your money like I did .
 It took a half an hour just to get the product out of its packaging . After reading the instructions I was excited to use this product . After spending a day and a half painstakingly staining the spindles on my 16 ` x24 ' deck I was ready for somethign a bit easier . The excitement quickly faded . On the first attempt I would not get the stain to even coat the pad . In order to coat the pad I ended up with a puddle of stain the dripped down the side of the deck . In order to fill the pad with stain you must push the plunger which shortens the pole . As the pole shortens you end up having to bend over to control its movement . Disappointed and angry that I wasted my money and time on this tool . After the fiasco I gave up for the day and will return to a brush and roller tomorrow .
 I am a builder and never have time to do my own projects . In an effort to speed up my weekend deck staining project , I decided to try this product . I puchased it from Lowes in lieu of at least two other similar products . -LRB- Though neither of the others had the same capacity to store and distribute the stain product from the handle . -RRB- I was skeptical , but hopeful . I filled it once and began staining the deck ; looking good . Filled it again and the pad came off the thing . I had to finish the remaining 95 % of the deck with a brush . It 's going back to the store . Also , the end of the pad appears to be designed to allow you to stain between the boards . Absolutely useless . It 's sad that such a high potential concept is executed with such a lack of quality . It 's junk , really .
 The product is garbage , and there it was placed . I bought this to do a fence , and after six -LRB- a mere SIX -RRB- boards the pad peeled off as though the adhesive had dissolved . This is a waste of money . If there was a way , it would get NO stars .
 I used two sticks , the included four pads -LRB- two per stick -RRB- and finished half of my -LRB- large -RRB- deck . The sticks work fairly well , but two out of pads leaked badly or came unattached . Now I ca n't find replacement pads and have two worthless sticks . Finished my deck by hand .
 This looked like a really cool high production way to apply stain to my deck . WHAT AN ABJECT WASTE OF MONEY ! On the suction pull , the chamber would gurgle and pull up but a fraction of stain to fill about 10 % of the chamber . Then it would dribble and make a slop mess . After coping with that , I attempted to pull the gasketed piston out of the tube to see if I could add some sort of gasket grease to improve the sliding seal . After I did that , I could not feed the double gasketed head back in the tube . The gaskets would bunch and pinch up no matter how hard I tried . It was almost as if the stain had solved them and made them more stretchy and pliable.I was now done futzing with this so called `` timesaver '' . I grabbed a big ole brush , a rolling pan , and a floppy napped roller . Quick work ! DONE ! For emphasis . GARBAGE!Any one want this ? It 'll be in the garbage can at least until Friday ... What the hell is a limited lifetime warranty anyway ? Read their boilerplate . BULLCRAP!Oh ... and `` hencho '' en china ... ? HomeRight ? HOMEWRONG !
 I am a painter . Fleet Farm had a sale on these for half price . The first one started leaking out of the side . The second one , I could n't control the flow . I just put them in a garbage bag and returned all of them to the store . What a mess and what a piece of junk . It seemed like a good idea .
 The tool works well for about 20 minutes and then the pad begins to tear apart and leak stain . Frustrating .
 A piece of junk , I hate that I wasted my money . The Stain Stick uses too much stain , it spreads it inconsistently and the pads are crap . Use an old fashioned pan and roller . It is less mess . They have a good gimmick going with this product .
 I have just wasted an hour with tool and i am so mad that Homeright and Home Depot got my money . Task
 the bit is of very poor quality in comparison to cabinet hardware bits you can get at hd . It easily breaks cabinet doors at the early stage of drilling . Do n't purchase it unless you want to ruin your doors !
 okay , this thing works great but it was missing 6 &#34; extension . Also , handle on magnet is plastic instead of wood .
 First off , let me say that this is fundamentally a great idea for a product . The `` L '' shaped flexible spring that allows for downward as well as sideways pressure does something you ca n't easily do with a traditional featherboard . Furthermore , the roller idea - forcing the wood tight against the fence - is clever , and should help prevent kickback.That said
 This screwdriver has three serious flaws.First , it is a bulky handful . You need to have an immense hand to hold it easily.Second , the switch is ill placed and awkward to use.Third , and most important , it has only one speed and that is top speed . So you spend much of your time trying to reset the blade -LRB- Phillips or not -RRB- in the head of the screw after the blade pops out . And it pops out because the Metabo only operates at full speed . The best way to use it is to preset the screw with a regular screwdriver and then use the Metabo.But that 's a waste of time.I 'd return mine for a refund if I could find the receipt.So do n't buy it . Look instead at the Dewalt . Same price , better features .
 This review is not concerning performance but completion of order . I ordered set , only really wanting the slat bit , on 1/15 -LRB- Tues -RRB- and selected 2 day shipping so that I could be able to finish shutters for the weekend . Stock has been cut to size and ready for top dressings but no pin and tensioned kit . Can not complete project.Customer service said they will forward to `` tools department '' but may take 1-2 business days . Looks like another week before completion . I will post further once complete order gets delivered.On the other hand , the bits do seem to be of a little less than good quality . The cuuters do not seem to be that sharp and the paint/finish is sloppy at best . They do fell sturdy . Will shape slats on Saturday but it looks like the pieces will be `` dressed up with no where to go '' .
 This item would have been a four star if the glass were the white-wash described . Instead , it is almost an orange color , giving the chandelier a completely different feel . It is already installed , so we 're making it work ; however , I would have purchased something else had I known what we would receive . Also , the uplights do not sit completely straight , so the bulbs are visible at certain angles . Worth it for $ 40 , which is not what I paid for it -LRB- $ 110 -RRB- . Think twice .
 When I first started woodworking , I bought a twenty dollar Forstnet set and have used them for years . Now many of them are burned and unusable . I figured I would throw down some bucks for a quality set . Unfortunate for me I chose the CMT brand . I had a 1 1/8 '' size in my cheap set that was never used and did a side by side comparison of the same size of the new set I just bought . -LRB- Chucked into a drill press , drilling into red oak -RRB- The chinese bit drilled a hole with only a small ridge at the top of the hole , faster , with less effort and less heat buildup . The CMT bit produced a significant ridge at the top of the hole , more effort to plunge into the wood , and the bit was hotter after drilling . I then stroked the cutting edge of each bit with a diamond sharpening stone and tried again . Each bit performed better , but my chinese tool still stood higher in quality . I returned the CMT 's . Got me some Freud brand , their new Precision Shear . Good stuff .
 This is quoted from a tool distributors site `` CMT resharpens top quality imported bits in their own Italian factory . That results in a top quality forstner bit at an affordable price . '' . BS . I opened the box and it looked as if somebody had used every bit to drill through stainless steel , re-boxed them and sent them to me . I had my sharpener look at them to see if it was worth him working on them and he said the edges were all rolled so even at the astronomical price it would cost to sharpen them all , it would n't even work.These are junk .
 i orderd the bearing locknut socket for my 93 ford f150 the tool that was sent to me looks like the picture but was wrong for my truck the tool that was sent was for an 83 gmc 1ton pickup vary disapointed because the part number thats on the tool is the one thats on the screen with a wrong discription
 let me just get to the point . i bought these for 2 single bulb seiling fixtures . 1 started creaking and poping and one day i turned on the light . it started makng a sizzling noise so i turned the light back off . it of couse was defected . they were not used often . when it was used it was for 1-2 hours at a time and about once every couple of days . -LRB- that was about two years after i got them . the next bulb was in the same type of fixture except in a different room . it is used a little more than the other and is acting quite shot out . Brown , colors , dim etc. . Obviosly since these bulbs have had a shorter life span than the 750 hour 100 watt bulbs before them they are not good bulbs .
 My Great Neck screw starter came with a slightly different handle which is black and red -LRB- rather than clear and red -RRB- . The tip of this tool is n't very sharp , and so you really need an awl to make an indentation first or it wo n't ever grip . The really bad thing is the fact the screw threads are spaced like a machine screw instead of a wood screw . They are much too close together and so it does n't really get a bite into the wood until you 've twisted it for a long time . When you finally do get the thing into the wood , and then unscrew it , the hole will not match the threads of a wood screw . So is it really saving you time and effort ? They used to provide screw starters in cheap little tool kits that you could buy for a couple of bucks . You ca n't find them anywhere anymore . They worked properly . This does n't , but it might have to do with no alternatives . I 've been looking for a decent one for years -- you ca n't find them anywhere .
 too small to be of much use . you ca n't tell size from ad .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 I had purchased 5 of these units several months ago for my garage . I was very happy with them and several months later I decided to purchase 4 more to add to my garage storage.I was shocked to find that the new units -LRB- which come in different packaging and claim to be 75 % pre-assembled -RRB- have one serious design flaw
 While the unit appears to be well built and strong enough , may be a little overpriced for what you actually get once it 's up in place . I was a little disappointed in what I could get it to hold .
 Hy loft is great if you plan on storing items of very little weight . Its also very cheesy looking if you are a man that wants a tough looking garage . I suggest Monster Rax if you want a tough sturdy rack for storage . I purchased two a week ago , and just purchased two more . No , i do not work for Monster Rax , i am just a satisfied customer who has tried others .
 I installed 2 of these over one of my garage doors -LRB- one on each side of the chain track -RRB- . It took a few hours to do them but I 'm happy with the result ... only because I was able to use some additional brackets securing then to the same strong angle iron braces used to hold up the garage motor . Hyloft is a good product , but this design is flimsy without additional brackets .
 We bought the product and installed it after we had to purchase additional mounting screws . The ones supplied are not adequate . We loaded the rack with less than half of the weight capacity only to find it sags by about 2 '' in the center . We were not comfortable putting anything up there at all . Looked like it would fall down .
 I found my shipment of four storage systems left by the garage -LRB- not by the front door as usual -RRB- and the UPS person did n't bother let me know -LRB- as usual -RRB- . Upon examining the merchandise , I found out why . Two of the four containers had ripped open and three of the four contained parts that were covered with rust.The ones I had bought at Home Depot were not like this at all .
 This is my second Hy-Loft and the first is why i bought a second one . When i picked the unit up at the post office i found the ends of the box not sealed and the unit was basically falling out of the packaging . Makes you wonder if the quality of the unit has gone down as much as the packaging . i have not installed yet , so can not comment on the quality at this time , nor do i know if anything is missing due to the box being open .
 The main ingredient are the bolts that go into the studs . After about an hour after installation they snapped in half and we had not even put any stuff in the racks and they were not over tightened . Hy loft response yea we have been having some trouble with some of the bolts . Do not buy !
 We have a 1960 's ranch home ; pretty typical and pretty standard . Although the garage ceiling/roof has n't been sheet-rocked I read the reviews and directions here and thought `` That 'll work . '' Unfortunately it did n't work out that way.Yes , it will work on pitched ceilings , but they would have to be a pretty shallow slope - ours is far less than 45 degrees -LRB- around 25 -RRB- and the supports simply were n't long enough on one end or short enough on the other to adjust . It 's a shame really as the system itself seems very , very well constructed.Oh , and like another reviewer mentioned , the screws will go in just fine if you remember to prepare the screws with a little old fashioned bar soap . Once the threads are coated it 'll zip right in . -LRB- And out again in our case ! -RRB-
 This is a great product ... with one big disappointment in my case . Every piece in every box had multiple scratches and gouges down the the bare metal with rust beginning to show . They were so bad that people asked if I had bought them used.I suspect that I received product that was misplaced for some years and was finally found and shipped out . The zip ties for holding multiple units together all snapped when I tried to pull them tight . I had to go buy new zip ties , which led me to believe that this was some very old product.Bottom line
 Took too long to install . Wire shelf in center did not fit because the holes for the screws on one of the support bars was drilled incorrectly . I would have returned it if I did not wait so long to install it .
 The storage is pretty good and very strong ; finding the stud and measuring are the most challenging part . It is not a big deal for me , since I am not new to this kind of job . The most disappointing part was finding one of the braces that dont have a holes in it.The steel brace was relatively thick , so I have to go to a hardware store to buy an electric drill and metal bit to add the holes myself . Holes because there are two holes on each end , and one of the ends are missing holes . I just hope that hardware store is open because today is holiday -LRB- labor day -RRB- I hate to think that Hyloft ship the product anyway knowing that these important holes are missing . Because , if you bought it already it is more a hassle to send it back than putting the holes yourself , plus the fact that you have to wait , and explain what is the problem . This is an example of a lousy Quality assurance . So I am putting the holes myself . My rating would have been 5 star if not for this . If a regular and NOT a handy guy bought this and encounter this same proble , he would have been so frustrated and would return it , and if you do ; you would blow your weekend project.I bought two of this storage system and one of them is fine .
 Bit hard to install due to a shortage of parts . Got it installed in the end .
 InSinkErator Evolution Essential 3/4 HP Household Food Waste DisposerI purchased an InSinkerator less than 12 months ago and had it installed . Recently the casing began leaking and damaged my cabinet under the sink . When I called to gain assistance , imagine my shock to be speaking with the Philippines . Not only did they have difficulty understanding what I was saying , they were not able to answer any of my basic questions about repair response . The individual on the phone could only tell me who to call locally for repair . They only had one option and they had no after hours access.I called the local representative for repair Monday evening . The repairman never called back . I had to place another call to the repairman . He indicated it would be 3-4 days to get the system in stock , then 1 - 2 days before he would be able to schedule the repair . I asked to go ahead and schedule an appointment for 4 days out to prevent the additional 1-2 day delay and he refused , stating if I wanted to argue with him about any of the delay I could find someone else to do it . Sadly , because he is the only authorized representative to fix the system , any disagreement with him means he can refuse and I 'm out of luck . I would also add , he advised is the only person who can determine if the system is damaged and should be replaced and if he determines it is not , he has to be paid $ 85.00 . To say this company has a significant lack of customer service is an understatement . I would n't buy this product again , to be defective so quickly and have such difficulty gaining assistance with my warranty was a disappointment .
 Nobody would want to replace the garbage disposer every few years . I have gone through three InSinkErators since remodel of my house in 2000 . Each time the ingenious mounting design kept me taking the shortcut - buying another ISE so I would n't have to remove the sink mount . However , there was a brand new one out of the box that was off-balance and noisy -LRB- thanks to Home Depot 's easy exchange policy -RRB- . This time , an ISE 444 gradually failed after six years , just two years after the the warranty expired ! I just bought and installed an ISE Evolution Compact . It works well , very quiet.With an engineer 's curiosity , I opened the old unit up to find out why it was making such big vibration and noise . I thought there might be a stuck wood chip from my yard . Instead I found serious design issues that make it NOT TO LAST and prone to inconsistent quality .1 . Although the main chamber and grinding elements are made of stainless steel , there is a -LRB- non-stainless -RRB- steel piece attached to the underside of the bottom of the chamber -LRB- that spins -RRB- . That piece will gradually rust out -LRB- falling apart after six years in my unit -RRB- . Besides , there is no provision in the design to prevent water and particles from getting into the upper bearing , which also rusts.These are TIMED BOMBS that will bring the machine down after certain time , and that 's what happened to my ISE 444 -LRB- the rust out -RRB- . They are things that are very easy to fix , and should have been fixed long time ago since ISE has gone through many years / generations . I ca n't explain why they were not fixed in the ISE 444 -LRB- manufactured in 2005 -RRB- . I guess I will find out in the Evolution Compact after it fails .2 . The two bearings that hold the motor shaft are aligned by a sheet metal body . If the body has a dent or if the machining tolerance is off , the shaft may suffer excessive wear and lose balance.I read that Waste King has a fiber glass body and carries a ten year to lifetime mechanical and corrosion warranty -LRB- depending on the model -RRB- . It appears that Waste King has solutions to address these issues . Too late for me now but I will definitely switch over if this Evolution Compact dies again in a few years .
 Oh my , what a piece of crap this is - the `` Instinkerator '' . My old disposal was a Kitchen Aide -LRB- same hp - 3/4 -RRB- . It worked great . But after 25 years , finally gave out . I bought this one at Lowes and the water or food particles do n't go down very well . If I turn the water on , the water goes down * very * slow -LRB- but it is not a clogged drain as it goes down the other side of the sink fast -RRB- . I put in some small pieces of pie crust and ran water and turned the disposal on and the food went down , came back up over the baffle and turned around and around and finally slowly went down . The old Kitchenaide would have chomped those pieces up in a second and down with the water . I called for help and a lady -LRB- obviously from mexico , Pakistan , or some middle east country -RRB- at Insinkerator told me that the new quiet models do n't work as well for taking water down quickly so they can be much quieter . I told her if someone had a car that got 50 miles per gallon , but was noisy , would they be happy to trade for a car that was much more quiet but only got 5 mph !? Do n't buy this model . Get one that is noisy and works well . I am stuck now with a horrible disposal and hundreds of dollars poorer !! A very dissatisfied customer of Instinkerator .
 All the good things you 'll read about this are true.But did you notice that all the reviews that are positive are from recent buyers?Anyone who has had this for a while will tell you the real problems that come about . With MINIMAL use , the turntable is already rusting -- which means that in a couple of years , it will be leaking . The rust is also preventing one of the lugs from moving.That is because they are using 400 grade stainless steel , which is not really rust-proof . So they get to say it 's stainless , but that does not help you . Just run a search on the type and you will see . They needed a 300 grade one to be fine.But as the other reviewer said , it 's designed for obsolescence , even though the motor is really good.After 1 hour of haggling where InSinkErator told me -LRB- a -RRB- rust is not covered -- FALSE
 This model may have improved over the years , but I bought the 2005 version to replace a thoroughly gunked up Badger installed by the previous owner . The unit looks good , was easy to install and I was initially very happy with the operation -- as many reviews here indicate , it is very quiet and vibration free . It ran fine for the first three and a half years , then developed a small leak around the axle where it exits the bottom of the case . Dribble , dribble , dribble , but only when in use , so not a huge deal . Then at four years two months -LRB- two months out of warranty , heh , heh -RRB- the starter motor failed -LRB- For those that do n't know , a garbage disposer contains two motors - one high torque unit to kick start it and a second to keep it spinning . -RRB- There was no way to repair that , not for the average user anyway.I really expect to get more than four years out of a lightly used garbage disposer . I went with another brand as a replacement and am happy so far , so consider the options .
 I was just told by a phone rep as well as her supervisor that your garbage disposal stoppers are not made to stop water . I want to wash dishes , using one sink for washing and one for rinsing . The original stopper would not keep the water in the sink from day one , so today I purchased a new insinkerator stopper . I put water into the sink and immediately could see the water flowing out of the sink . Their packaging states `` The InSinkErator stopper is designed to stop water and food particles from going down the drain . '' The workers emphasized that the stopper will not keep water in the sink indefinitely . I just want to wash dishes , not keep the water indefinitely . Then I was told to push a cloth into the sink and then put the stopper in . This advice is unacceptable . My last disposal stopper worked fine to `` stop '' the water , just like a regular stopper does on the other side of the sink.I will return this stopper to Lowe 's for a refund , and I will never buy another InSinkErator product . I will never recommend this company , either.Consider renaming the product a `` Stainless Steel sieve '' . This company also had my call sent to another country . One more reason not to buy from them .
 We 've owned this unit for 3 1/2 years and found it to work quite well . This past week -LRB- post Thanksgiving -RRB- the unit locked up on us and we were unable to `` un-jam '' it . I went out and replaced the unit myself -LRB- home depot has most of the Emerson InSink Erator units -RRB- as the fittings are identical -LRB- and the cord is a 5 minute swap -RRB- . I called the company for a refund -LRB- receipt in hand , I did the work , old unit ready to ship back -RRB- ... and was told only an in-home repair is allowed ... I 'm on my own , no refund . The lesson I learned ... do n't do it yourself , have them come out . It will take more time , some one has to be at home ... but this is their warranty , no refund for their product if you do it yourself .
 Five years after purchasing this , not only has the motor burned up , but the bottom is just about to rust through . I do n't find this acceptable , as the previous -LRB- Kenmore -RRB- model lasted more than 20 years . And those 20 years were the years spent with 6-8 people in the house , now it is just two of us . I 'm disappointed to say the least , and absolutely FED UP with planned obsolescence . Obviously IT IS -LRB- or was ? -RRB- possible to make a disposal that lasted a lot longer . I 'm delving through reviews right now trying to find a replacement that is quality , but most of the review relate to installation and sound . Perhaps this will be helpful to those of you not wanting to relive this process five years from now ?
 Recieved the garbage disposal on time . The unit was very easy to install and worked great ... for two weeks.Now whenever I turn the disposal on I hear a humming noise but the disposal wo n't work . To make it work I have to get under the sink and use the crank tool to turn the motor and THEN turn on the disposal . I have to do the EVERY TIME I want to turn the disposal on . There is NOTHING inside the unit jamming the rotors . I am debating to return this item to Amazon or use the work # Insinkerator gave me to have a plumber come look at it.What a piece of junk . ************************************** 11/30/2012 Update : It appears my complaints made it higher up than the standard customer service person . The VERY knowledgeable Insinkerator rep diagnosed the problem over the phone and just sent me a brand new unit which made it to my doorstep in only 4 days . I installed it and so far for seven days the unit has worked well .
 I would have rated this 5 stars but it stopped working after a year . I have a service repairman from the in-home warranty department coming to check it out but I think the motor burned out . It was n't used that hard either .
 So before I bought I called their 800 number to get tech info and see how they handle customers . My view is the back end is always the true indicator of the company.Customer and technical support is located in the Philippines . Twenty minute wait and then almost moronic clarification.Decided against inviting future problems and gave the purchase a miss .
 I 've had the Compact since Oct 2nd . It 's not very quiet ! I just put pizza crust in it and it scared the heck out of me when I turned it on because it sounded like a Mac Truck coming thru my kitchen ... and I automatically jumped back.I tried to dispose of onion 's papery skins the other night and it did absolutely nothing to them but roll them into a ball and the disposal sounded like there was a tennis ball rolling around in there . I checked and noticed the onion skins were still whole and had been rolled into a ball . Last night , I tried lemon peels and it also had a difficult time chopping those up and shuddered loudly as well . There were lemon rind pieces left behind so , I cleaned them out by hand.What is wrong with this garbage disposal ? InSinkErator changed their disposal line which should have improved them but not according to my experience the last few days , compared to my former InSinkErator model 444 . I owned the 444 since 2003 and that baby was the best disposal and I 've owned many well known top brands before it which were all junk and did not last . My 444 was n't broken but it needed to be reset from jams too often so , I wanted to beat it to the punch of dying and replace it . I miss my old 444 ! The Evolution Compact has a 4 year warranty so , I will call them to check this thing out.Given that I used the 444 for 9 years , with zero complaints or service calls ... I should know when something is n't working properly.I did n't want a disposal just for soft pasta ! I 'm sorry to say , but the Compact reminds me of all the bad disposals I 've owned before the 444 . If it ca n't dispose of pizza crust , lemon rinds without sounding like it 's going to fall out of the cabinet or onion skins by rolling them into a ball and complete the disposal job , then it 's not a great machine and as of now , I can not recommend it .
 First of all I will rate this product by each feature individually.Design - Five stars - The design is sound , a lot of thought was put into it . In fact it , it is over designed . It contains features that should be incorporated in all Garbage Disposer . This my third disposer , and for me they are not easily uninstalls and reinstalled . The corrosion that occurs from minute leakage around the sink will be virtually eliminated , the plastic linkage system is sound and well designed , and it is not hard to couple the disposer to.Appearance - Five stars - It is -LRB- at least the one hp unit -RRB- is large . The diameter and length larger than any other disposer that I have had . It is entirely gray plastic.OK , so why the one star rating . This is where I think the unit was over designed , the motor is a high torque motor and when it starts , it starts with a `` LOUD CRACK '' , like a rife shot . This was unacceptable to me and I disassemble the unit and returned it . There are only two of us in the family that use it . May be , if the disposer was full , the garbage would cushion the start up sound . Once it gets started it is acceptably quiet .
 I bought this item and installed it a wk ago and man , it 's much quieter than the crappy Badger that broke down on me with barely any use . I 've been abusing this new one since I juice a lot and do n't really care to compost any of the pulp.NOW THE REASON WHY I GAVE THIS 2/5 INSTEAD OF A 4/5 STARS . THE DESCRIPTION FORGETS TO TELL YOU THAT YOU NEED TO PURCHASE A EFFING PLUG . Ok , so I 'm a total noob but that 's why I wanted something I can install on my own and this was it . Now I did n't realize this until halfway through the installation and realized `` Oh , where the hell is the plug ? Does this garbage disposal work with inductive charging ? Maybe I got a defective unit ... Oh what the f -- ... I need to buy it separately . `` Why not just include it and charge the $ 10.99 more for it . I would 've preferred that . So I go down to Lowe 's that night and they decide that starting that night , they 'd be closing one hour early , which means by the time I get there , they were closed and I was `` late '' by 4 minutes.Thanks InSinkerator , your product is great once I got it installed and running but I 'm not paying for a gd puzzle . Just throw in the plug and charge more for it .
 just bought an Evolution Compact disposal as a replacement for an OLD Kenmore disposal - the Kenmore was noisy and finally gave up the ghost yesterday with smoke from a burned-out motor ! The InSinkErator Evolution Compact seemed to be a good fit and easy replacement - I had recently replaced the sink with a top quality deep stainless model and planned on just a simple replacement ... out with the old and in with the new . Got the old one out and , on installation , I find the InSinkErator does not provide an electrical line strain relief -LRB- this should be a UL complaint ! -RRB- . So that was another part needed from the hardware store . Then on trying to connect to the drain , I find that the InSinkErator has a tiny 4 inch long curved discharge tube ... off to a hardware store for a slip-over PVC extension and PVC cement to make it fit . Could n't use the old chrome/brass curved discharge tube because in an apparent effort to isolate vibrations or reduce noise , this disposal has - not the usual discharge fitting - but a cheap rubber discharge mount with a flimsy spring-type hose clamp ... and these ONLY fit their discharge tubes with a very tiny lip on the end . Though installed - and yes , it 's pretty quiet - I am not impressed with this item , and it 's lack of what should be standard installation components . It was NOT a simple replacement !
 The installers had to go to the store to buy a cord so it could be installed . I hope once they have it in , it will work well .
 ISE 3/4 HP teeth broke off less than 1 year - from Lowe 's , Allen , TXInSinkErator ESSENTIAL 3/4 Horsepower Dura Drive , Multigrind Technology
 I would never buy an item from this company again . I purchased an insinkerator , The box arrived with no packaging material surrounding the product . The housing of the insinkerator was cracked , our plumber said it would leak if he installed it . I tried to return the product but EvVive said it was too late . I first called to return the product when the plumber took it out of the box two weeks after it arrived . I e-mailed them 17 days after it arrived . They responded 25 days after it arrived and said it was more than 30 days and I can not return it . I purchased an insinkerator from another company and the EvVive product is worthless sitting in my garage . If it was a more than a $ 300.00 loss I would surely be in court to sue for damages .
 Unless you want broken tools do not buy this item . The clip will not stay on your belt , the bungee balls will not stay in the clip , and all three straps I received broke within 2 weeks after purchase . The only satisfaction this product gave me was when I smashed it into a thousand pieces with my hammer after my drill fell out of it for the last time .
 The idea seems alright but the tool , especially a heavier tool like a drill , bounces in the bungee when you walk . The plastic belt clip also feels like it digs into your waist . The big lug hook is better because you do n't have to search for the holder -LRB- especially while wearing a coat -RRB- like with this one although the hook is a pain sometimes because it tends to catch on things when it is empty . The big lug 2 obviously does not have this problem.All in all , it 's ok but the bouncy tool thing is the worst part of it .
 I thoroughly tested the bigg lugg 2 for about two weeks and the bottom line is , the product is a great concept but in reality does not work well at all . The bungees stay wrapped around your tool and the holder stays on your belt . the bungees on the toolhad to be adjusted to fit the tool into their tool cases , which became a headache real fast . I tested the bungees on makitas 14.4 v impact driver , milwaukees v28 hammer drill and the paslodeangled finish nailer . On all but the finish nailer the bungee was always in the way of my normal grip on the tool , you grip the tool and the bungee becomes part of the grip handle-very uncomfortable.The manufacturer recomends that for lefties you position the ball to the right and for righties the opposite . This does not work well at all as positioning the ball anywhere but the dead back of the tool forces the tools bit to dig right into your leg as it hangs , and dead back position prevents you from gripping the tool , also if you ever switch hands for use , the ball prevents you from grabbing the tool and you have to swing the ball to the other side of the tool , not at all user friendly.That was enough to nix this product for me but there is more.You will notice that with the bungees your tool swings to and fro as you walk to the point of annoyance , especially with the paslode nailer attached , and dont jump or hop over anything the ball will pop right out of the holder and let your tool come crashing to the ground.As I said earlier when the day is over you will need to re-position the bungees to get your tools to fit in their cases.I went back to big lugg 1 `` the hook '' it is far superior in function to the bungees .
 I have purchased four of these pumps over the past 5 years . Luckily they have two year warranties with them , because you will need it . The first two ran for about 4 months , then would randomly turn off and on until they quit altogether . I was promptly sent two replacements , which lasted the rest of the summer , then quit for no reason in early December . Sunterra sent me two more , and they lasted until about July of the next summer , then they broke . The impellers will just disintegrate after a while . I inquired about replacements , and they told me my warranty was expired . So I bought two more , hoping to not have the same issues . These were the same model number , but a different , newer style . Guess what ? They worked for a short time , then the impellers broke on them too . Keep in mind , my pond is crystal clear and has no debris to impede the flow of water . These just break for no reason . I wrote Sunterra an email , and they sent me two replacements . I just opened them and they were both broken before I even got a chance to use them . I have since contacted them for replacements for my replacements , but after this warranty is over , I will never buy another Sunterra pump again .
 I purchased 3 of these and end up returning it after they all died , lasting from 2 to 7 weeks . stay away from this brand
 The product says Woodline USA and the product I received was not Woodline and not made in the USA . Woodworkers know if you by products made in China , you will end up buying that product again and very soon if you continue to use it frequently .
 We have boughten 4 of these pumps now . We started with the 3000 GPH pump for a 2000 gallon pond . After 2 of them quit working with in 2 weeks each , we upgraded to the 4300 . The maximum time we have gotten before the pump freezes is 2 months . We contacted Sunterra & were told that they are not manufacturing any pond supplies any more . They are supposed to be sending us a new pump & filter for the broken ones we sent in 2 weeks ago . They were very clear in telling us that the replacement supply for warranty is getting low.Today , our spare 4300 GPH pump froze up after being in the water only 3 weeeks . It was brand new when we put it in . When I called Sunterra for the status of our warranty pump , they told me they are 3 weeks behind on mail & have n't even opened the package that we sent them . Now we are going to have to purchase an expensive pump while waiting for the 2 warranty pumps or risk hundreds of dollars worth of Koi dying . They also made us pay the $ 40 to ship the parts back to them & we will have to pay again to ship the new pump back . Seems unreasonable for me to have to pay the shipping for a poor quality product and then not even get a good response back for timing.I would not risk buying from this company . Find a better qality pump somewhere else .
 Great concept with the ability to remotely toggle thermostats -LRB- and temperature settings -RRB- with a phone . However , after two units , neither were able to work with my Ooma based VoIP phone system . Everything worked fine calling out to the designated numbers during an alarm condition , but I was never able to call into the unit and access the main menu . This is a pricey unit and I would have expected that this type of bug would have been worked out . Their technical assistance was not very helpful who fell back on the standard line `` you must have noise in your telephone line . ''
 This is a poor design since it does not include an audible alarm . An alarm is just that -- an audible warning . This is NOT an alarm . This is a phone dialer , and to call it an `` alarm '' is misleading , because many consumers will order it assuming that an alarm is an audible alarm -- but this is not . So will this do the job ? Assume you are monitoring your own chest freezer at home . Your freezer fails . This unit ca n't call you , since it ca n't dial out on the same home phone line . You better hope you hear the itty bitty little ringer on your cell phone , because that is all the warning this dumb unit will provide . By the time you listen to voice mail on your cell phone , your freezer will be melting down . What is needed is an audible alarm in addition to a phone dialer -- which this unit does n't include . An audible alarm would give you enough warning to buy a new freezer and transfer the food . For this high price it should include an audible alarm , and Amazon should include the words `` NO AUDIBLE ALARM '' in the description . Maybe the reason that is not included in the description is that Amazon does n't carry the unit that includes all of these functions and a loud audible alarm . That is the TA-900 and is $ 238 on other web sites . Buy that one . Even if you are monitoring a remote location like a vacation house , do n't you want a unit that would include an audible alarm for when you are visiting that vacation home , and you can be warned while at that location that your freezer has failed and is melting ? Why Control Products did n't spend a few dollars to include an audible alarm in all of their freezer alarms is another good question . What a dumb design . Again , this is a PHONE DIALER and is NOT an alarm .
 I got the intermediate freeze alarm for a small cottage . Unit works on my home phone , does not dial out at the cottage . Phone company at the cottage tells me that since they are near saltwater , they keep the equipment up to date so they are all digial and fiber must be the freezealarm.after several calls with the freezealarm support , they are not much help , they offer to replace the unit . But I 've been waiting two weeks for a replacementmaybe they are stalling till I can not return the unit?I think you should only buy this locally since you will not get much support if it does not work
 setup and plugged in power transformer and had no power to the unit . Returned and hopefully the next one will work .
 This system does not appear to be activated when call forwarding is in use . Is there something I am not doing ?
 The Product description says `` battery included '' ... it is NOT INCLUDED . That is why I did not buy on one Amazon , now will have to go out and pay retail price for one ... grrrr .
 The unit worked as it was designed . The problem I had with it was when I was considing buying it the description was misleading in what kind of alarm it is . It does not have an audible alarm buzzer which is the main item I wanted for our home freezer and I wanted one that ran on electricity instead of a battery , which that part it did have . The only way you know this alarm is going off , even if you are standing next to it , is by it dialing a telephone number that you preprogram into it . This alarm would be fine if you wanted to monitor a temperature at a long distance location . For the high price I paid for it I would think the company could include an audible alarm buzzer . Instead they offer what they call a `` more advanced version '' for double the price which has an audible buzzer , model TA-900 . I did return the unit and was refunded properly .
 I purchased 2 of this products for my home before I took an oversea trip . I set it up but it did not work as I thought .
 This is a poor design since it does not include an audible alarm . I am returning it due to the poor description on the Amazon web site . An alarm is just that -- an audible warning . This is NOT an alarm . This is a phone dialer , and to call it an `` alarm '' is misleading , because many consumers will order it assuming that an alarm is an audible alarm -- but this is not . So will this do the job ? Assume you are monitoring your own chest freezer at home . Your freezer fails . This unit ca n't call you , since it ca n't dial out on the same home phone line . You better hope you hear the itty bitty little ringer on your cell phone , because that is all the warning this dumb unit will provide . By the time you listen to voice mail on your cell phone , your freezer will be melting down . What is needed is an audible alarm in addition to a phone dialer -- which this unit does n't include . An audible alarm would give you enough warning to buy a new freezer and transfer the food . For this high price it should include an audible alarm , and Amazon should include the words `` NO AUDIBLE ALARM '' in the description . Maybe the reason that is not included in the description is that Amazon does n't carry the unit that includes all of these functions and a loud audible alarm . That is the TA-900 and is $ 238 on other web sites . Buy that one . Even if you are monitoring a remote location like a vacation house , do n't you want a unit that would include an audible alarm for when you are visiting that vacation home , and you can be warned while at that location that your freezer has failed and is melting ? Why Control Products did n't spend a few dollars to include an audible alarm in all of their freezer alarms is another good question . What a dumb design . Again , this is a PHONE DIALER and is NOT an alarm .
 The unit was delivered quickly and easy to set up however I could not get the unit to answer the phone to receive an alarm cancellation call . I called technical support and spoke to a very nice gentleman would could not figure out what the problem might be . He indicated that he would speak to the engineers and get back to me , which he never did . I do n't know if it was a problem with my phone -LRB- a regular POTS line with DSL -RRB- but after not hearing back from support , I returned it and purchased a Sensaphone 400 , which is more than double the price but much more flexible and offers more alarm features .
 It has a great setup program that talks you through the steps . Thought all was swell until someone called and the automated message relaying existing conditions -LRB- temp. , power status , battery level -RRB- imediately started playing over our phone line , totally interfering with our conversation . Double checked the setup , which was set to not answer until 6 rings -LRB- 2 after our answering would have picked up -RRB- . Later , another call and the same thing happened . This message is intended to allow you to call in and check your house status , but only after you call and allow a few rings , hang up and call right back again . It counts the total rings , and connects before your answering machine kicks in . Slick idea , and that does work - but if someone calls your house , and you answer , the message kicks in imediately.Basically , that means you have to unplug it from the phone line and power , any time you are home . Do n't just switch it to `` standby '' because you will still have the same problem . And if you just unplug the power and not the phone line , it will do it 's job and after some designated time , it starts calling your notification numbers , informing them your power is out -LRB- do n't ask how I know that , after arriving home on a 1 am flight -RRB- . Then , remember to plug them back in every time you want it operational.Called the company 's help number , and they were pleasant , but they tried to tell me the person that answered the phone must have the same tone of voice as the ring tone . I do n't think that both me and my wife have identical voices , or that we match our ring tone , so that did n't fly.We 're back from our trip , that I got the thing for , so I will mess with it some more , but I 'm pretty sure it 's going back . I 'm sure there must be similar products that do n't have this anoying drawback .
 Oh , reflector bulbs . So difficult to find CFL or affordable LED variants . If you 're looking for a bulb that takes less than 10 minutes to warm up to a usable level , look elsewhere . Furthermore , when it is warmed up , it 's nowhere near equivalent to a 75 watt incandescent -- it might be near the brightness of a 60W , and that 's being generous.Save yourself the hassle , find a better product .
 I got the 5100k bulb which has lasted for less than 2yrs with minimal on-time . Otherwise a good bulb . Will not save money with this short of a life .
 It 's a remarkably bright , handy little flashlight . Perfect for my key chain . Too bad it stopped working after a few months . I took it apart and as far as I can tell there is a disconnect somewhere in the head assembly . I ca n't figure out exactly where . It bugs me because the switch still works and the LED still works and the case is solid . A lot of these small flashlights have a flaw like this - they work well for some months and then the cheapest part goes bad and you have a machined aluminum sculpture for your junk drawer.I also have a Fenix LD10 which is holding up nicely . It 's brighter than a full sized Maglight .
 I bought this item because the price was good and its only rating was 5 stars . Unfortunately I left on a trip and missed the return window by one day ! The description is accurate but incomplete . Missing is the fact it wo n't clamp items less than about 3/4 of an inch thickSteelex D2192 10-Inch Drill Press Clamp . It could if the adjuster screw was 1/4 '' longer . Additionally the screw is not a standard metric or american . China strikes again !! Steelex D2192 10-Inch Drill Press Clamp
 So I bought 2 of these for my drill press . The 1st one clamps well enough , the 2nd one will spring open after I let go of the handle.Also , on this 2nd one , there was more rust along the inside of the clamp , and the finish of the clamp seemed as if the topmost coating was wearing off.I do n't have any other drill press clamps to compare with these , but I have regular , actual Vise-grip clamps and they are much better in quality than these . Heck , even my Pittsburgh HF bought clamps are better built than these .
 for the same price , but the ones at home depot are new and not reconditioned.I didnt know about home depot soon enough , so the speed selector on my drill came broken .
 Was given this set to use when I was driving a service truck . They are very lightweight , but not powerful enough for hard use . I think it 's about comparable to 12 and 14.4 volt tools from higher end companies like Dewalt , Milwaukee , Bosch , Panasonic , Makita and even Ridgid . Batteries do not hold a charge for long , did not like the cold and needed replacement within the first year - and yes I know how to use and charge Ni-Cad batteries . I have NOT had any of the same issues with my Milwaukee , Bosch , Dewalt or Ridgid tools.If price is the only factor , sure I think this set might outperform Black and Decker , Skil and other such brands , but if you really want power and utility - stay away .
 No blades were supplied for the saw - customer service response was as follows ; `` Since the item is considered a reconditioned so the blades areconsidered an accessory . Our company does not gurantee any blades tobe sent with the item . -LRB- another supplier -RRB- does the reconditoning so we do not know what parts are put into the boxes . `` Tools do look good but are heat stamped `` RECON '' ...
 Because I just toasted this POS impulse buy . Lasted a few uses and then when I tried to put a little more torque to it yesterday it gave out . Spins either direction , lock on back wo n't turn . Back to the breaker bar for today I guess .
 Well , actually second . Tried to tighten up a bolt and this thing crunched and seized . Wo n't event ratchet anymore !
 This is the old metal version of the panel . I have soft water and the metal corrodes or gets all junked up . The plastic version -LRB- from Home Depot etc -RRB- seems to last longer .
 I have several of these throughout my house and love the look but they are terribly made . This one in particular , the 3-way 600-watt push button dimmer , I 've had break on me three times ! It 's expensive to begin with but once you toss in replacing it three times and paying for an electrician to install it becomes prohibitive . I 'm on my last one before I switch to Lutrons , which never seem to break . The part that breaks for me is the push button which just stops operating -LRB- maybe a spring breaks ? -RRB- . Though I do have one 300-watt where the dimmer part broke and the on/off still works . Very disappointing . And yes , they 're all the same manufacturer -- you can tell if you look closely and see the `` CA '' for Classic Accents on these switches pretty much anywhere they 're sold .
 My product was the Varathane -LRB- tm -RRB- Semi-Gloss `` No Sanding '' Floor Renewal Kit , # 6018162 . Which is sold at both Lowe 's and Menards , I got mine for around $ 69 plus tax.Well , where do I begin ? First of all , No Sanding , my A ** ! The wood floor I had to refinish I first went over with a paint scraper -LRB- just to prep , to get up paint spots -RRB- which was n't even in the instructions . Then I wiped the floor down twice with mineral spirits -LRB- not included in the box , but suggested as a precaution if you have wax on your floor -RRB- . The stupid `` no sanding '' solution STILL did n't clean up the floor ! It did n't even take up all of the paint spots . What was worse , it half ate into the ugly old wax coating here and there underneath , leaving wierd spots without dissolving all of it . I was left scrubbing and scrubbing , finally on my hands and knees with a scraper trying to remove the wax and paint board by board . 2 1/2 hours later still the floor looked like crap , and I had n't even gotten to the refinishing part.To make matters worse , the tiny bottle of cleaning solution included in the kit was barely enough to cover the complete floor , and the room was perhaps 8 ' x 10 ' , not a large room by any stretch of the imagination . Be prepared to go back half-way in between -LRB- remember
 The below statement is a Joke . It could NOT remove the lug nuts on my new Silverado.Granted they were torqued above specs and my 250 # torque wrench but I ended up braking them lose with a breaker bar.I bought this to replace a cheapo Impact and at the end of the day it 's not much better.I 'm Very disappointed . -LRB- 550 Ft-Lbs Maximum TorqueThe 2130 provides an impressive 550 ft. / lbs . of maximum torque -LRB- 50 - 500 ft. / lbs . working torque -RRB- to tackle the tough jobs . -RRB-
 My 15 year old model 231 will run rings around this 2130 impact . This impact is rated higher than the old 231 but does not perform . I have a 90 psi air system with a refrigerated dryer . Out of the box it would not pull bearings off as well as my old on . I guess Ingersoll Rand has lost its quality .
 After much research , and reading everyone 's reviews , I purchased the IR 2130 . I opted for the 2130 over the 2132 because based on information on Amazon and Ingersoll-Rand corporate website , it appeared the specs for two were very closely matched , and I could n't justify spending the extra money . However , to my surprise , when I received the 2130 today and actually read the owner 's manual , it states the recommended FWD torque range is 25 to 350 ft.lbs . However , the corporate website shows the FWD torque range is 50 to 500 ft.lbs . So what 's the real value ? And why such a huge difference between the website information , and the actual owner 's manual ? I expected a little better consistency from IR 's communication .
 I am very disappointed with this tool . It works hard just to take off medium-torque lug nuts . It could barely break loose a ball joint on my Dakota using an impact-driven ball-joint separator . This is marketed as a `` heavy duty '' impact wrench ?!? What a joke ! If I ever have a son I will let him use this to work on his tricycle but otherwise this is not fit for work in ANY kind of garage . The 550 ft-lb rating is only in reverse . It can only tighten to 350 ft lbs . I am very doubtful of those figures . It sems to apply the same amount of torque as my 20 year-old rockwell I bought at a garage sale for $ 5 . Also , the manual states that to achieve the full torque output , you need 22 CFMs from your air compressor . I 'm not going to go buy a $ 3000 compressor just to run this piece of crap .
 I purchased the impact for the 550 ft lbs . The impact was not at all powerfull . I was decieved by the comments and the price . Buyers beware . If you want a powerfull impact , this is not the route !!!
 Was not strong enough to remove lugs from my truck.returned it . cant say that i would recommend it to any one
 I bought this to replace a Bucket Boss Gatemouth that wore out after three years of everyday use . It appeared to be more rugged than the canvas Gatemouth but in fact is wearing out after only two months . I do n't know what the lining is but it 's failing any place that the bag has become creased and one of the outside pockets has a hole in it already . I 'm going back to the Gatemouth .
 I ordered this hand-shower because of the description that did say that this hand-shower was manufactured using metal . That along with the price for just the hand-shower , because it does not come with either a hose or a holding bracket , did lead me to believe that this item had to be metal and not plastic.But it is not . It is manufactured entirely out of plastic that has a chrome finish on it to simulate a metal finish . Other well known companies manufacture plastic 3 to 5 jet hand-showers for around 1/4 of what the price is for this unit , and they do include a 60 '' hose and wall holder . The item I received is priced at $ 112.00 + but is only about a $ 10.00 to $ 15.00 value .
 When I received , this shower head was broken with something rattling inside . The packaging had been previously opened and finger smudge marks on it so was n't new and suspect it was previously returned and tried to sell again as new .
 Sockets are well made , well plated and fit well . The problem is that the square drive end does n't have the required divots in it so that the sockets can attach to the ball retainers of extensions or ratchets . They are only held on the attachment by friction which is n't much . I find this a fatal flaw . Other than this they are n't bad but that 's a deal breaker for me .
 I am disappointed from the low quality of the product . Tried to use the 10 socket and it expanded while tightening the bolt of my front disk brake . I did use another snap-on wrench and did the job , but the sockets are made of poor quality steel . Money lost .
 When I got this Flashlight , it worked like a hot dang . Nice and bright , well shaped light with no visible artifacts . It 's also light weight and the grip and button position are well comfortable and well placed.Now the gripes :1 . As an aircraft technician , I really need a dependable light , as my job depends on it at night during inspections . I give it a 1 for dependability , cuz it 's pissed me off more that it 's help me out ! 2 . It 's advertised as 6 hours continuous brightness . Well mine never lasted over 2 hours and after 2 hours in starts to act up gets a little dim and then stars blinking and . . Dead !!! Pissed off again!I 've used the batteries at work and bought energizers , with the same negative results . .3 . It is now total dead . . Maybe I got a lemon , but this review reflects on that and QC of this item . Will send it out for warranty claim . Yay !
 I Purchased this product -LRB- heatilator gfk21 fan kit -RRB- and it shows up as a bag of parts , similar to the review that was already here . No instructions found . I found some from the heatilator website but they did n't match what I was sent . I returned this product , I did n't want to deal with the headache of `` guessing '' how to attach it . Dealing with amazon was no problem , but the 3rd party place that sent me the fan did n't have any instructions . good luck !
 I ordered this to hopefully heat my living area better and lower my energy costs however it did n't come with any instructions and when I contacted the company they sent me a worthless page of instructions lol . If you really know how to install it or you 're willing to pay to have it installed go for it .
 I recently purchased these solar lights and although they are very attractive , they do not shed much light . They only light up the area directly underneath it and they come on at the first hint of dusk and are out of power by 1 or 2 a.m. Which is only 7 hours . . not 15 . OK as a decoration but not to light a pathway or any area for that matter !
 I have other malibu solar lights in my foundation and they are beautiful . I purchased these to go along the fence in my backyard . They are poorly made , noticeably smaller and shorter than my other sets , and give very little light . Extremely disappointed .
 This is really a lousy product . It barely lights up a walkway and it maybe stays lit for 3 hours after it gets dark , at the most . It looks good out of the box , but these lights could n't brighten a 2 ft wide box ! Do n't buy this !
 Solar lighting does n't work unless you have direct sunlight most of the day , batteries do not recharge enough during the day to get more than 2-3 hrs lighting at night . I 'm going back to the low watt wired lighting .
 although very attractive , they do n't seem to hold a charge real well . I set them up in the yard , they get full 8 hours of sun , but only light for about 2.5 to 3 hours . Very dissapointing
 batteries needed replaced when arrived . 2 stay on 100 % of the time so batteries need replacing daily.i would be hard pressed to order another set .
 Malibu Outdoor Solar Powered Carriage Lights work fine if they are placed in direct sunlight , not so good if they are in partial or full shade . In Oregon , 145 of the first 159 days thisyear were overcast or worse . Not good for solar-powered lights .
 Out of the 4 units
 Vladimir Vayntrub was right . These lights are worthless.The plastic stakes do not attach to the lights ... superfluous and worthless.The metal pieces are accidentally crushed as you try to position them ... flimsy and worthless.The light is dim by design , no more than a tiny accent light ... inadequate and worthless.The lights that did function -LRB- 3 out of 4 -RRB- only did so for a day or two ... defective and worthless.Do not buy these lights at any price.Malibu Outdoor One-Light Solar-Powered Tier Light , Black Metal , 4-Pack #LZ 10131-4
 A MONTH HAS PASSED AND I DO NOT HAVE MY LIGHTS . IS THERE ANYBODY TO TALK TO WHO COULD HELP ? I WOULD STILL LKE TO HAVE THEM .
 The replacement filter for the April Shower Oxynator is severely overpriced on this site . Which is sold by Gaiam . I found the exact same filter at my local Lowe 's for only $ 9.99 . I saved $ 26.00 from buying from Lowe 's .
 The drill advertised as 18 Volt , came through with 18 Volt stickers/labels on it but did n't have the weight I expected . I looked at the charger and it said `` 9 Volt Only '' so I checked the battery pack . It said 18 Volt , but I cheated and opened it up . Only 9 Volt worth of batteries in it . This company falsly advertised this product as an 18 Volt drill , when I tried to send it back I could n't get in touch with anyone . If I were n't in Afghanistan , I 'd sue somebody . What a rip-off !
 So called 18v drill turned out to have only 7.2 v of batteries , a 7.2 v motor and charger . Box and drill are labelled 18v but be warned all you will get is a 7.2 v drill ie useless .
 I purchased the Boston Cordless Drill about 2 years ago and I can say I probably used it 4 times , the drill does not power fully and I have to keep charging the drill every few minutes which is a pain in th @ss . I didnt pay alot for it so I am not upset just a little frustrated when I need to do my projects around the house .
 I placed an order with this company for Black lanterns on 10/26/2011 expecting to receive in 3-5 business days - in time for a party next week . They contacted me on 10/28/11 -LRB- 2 days after my order -RRB- to say they could only send me green lanterns - I need black as ordered ! I explain I need black and I need them on-time . They tell me they 're sorry for the inconvenience and that if I do n't want green then they will cancel my order . GREAT , now I do n't have time to order new ones and guarantee them on time with another company - thanks a lot Grady 's Online !!!!
 Cheap product = Cheap Price!You can not replace the wick , once the one that is in there has been removed , the mechanism will not take another one no matter how you try to load it.If you are looking for a short-term use then this would be a fine product . 2 stars because its pretty much disposable.I used Citronella Oil in them and it burns fine .
 I ordered Aprilaire 201 filter -LRB- two in 1 box -RRB- from Amazon . When arrived , the box does not look like what was shown on Amazon website at all . Once I opened it , the filter has no printed label on its rim at all . The OEM one did have the Aprilaire logo and model # . I know that because I ordered and received from Amazon last year the OEM product , and the very filter was in the filter box when I was doing the replacing today . This is deceiving . I read the review very carefully and was convinced I will get the authentic OEM product . I know Amazon can not police every vendor that carefully . I hope through this review , Amazon would kick these dishonest bad apples out .
 The bristles on these brushes are way too flimsy . They do n't hold paint well , they do n't allow paint to flow . Do not waste your money . You 'd have better luck painting with cooked spaghetti .
 The product is advertised as leather grain pigskin gloves . I received leather gloves . I have purchased the pigskin gloves in a store before , and they are much nicer . It was not worth the hassle of trying to return what they sent me , but I would not use this seller again .
 Upon trying on these gloves for the first time I was impressed with their quality and was confident that they would n't come undone at the seam along the index finger -LRB- since there was no such seam on the gloves -RRB- . The gloves seemed sturdy enough , but after only a few days of hard work the leather in the area of my thumb and index finger tips was worn through , making the gloves ineffective for their intended purpose.Overall , I am disappointed with these gloves and would never purchase them in the future . My leasson learned is that `` real leather '' does n't necessarily mean real durable . I will only be purchasing gloves with reinforced fingers tips going forward .
 This was my second pair of these WL work gloves . I really like the fit and the grip is excellent . So what 's not to love ? Unfortunately , these gloves do n't last more than a few uses . My first pair broke down after 4 or 5 uses , which I thought had to be a fluke . The second pair wore out the finger tips after being used 3 times in the fall to stack firewood and clear light brush . My guess is that any contact with moisture weakens the leather to the point that it just disintegrates .
 There is a large straight slot screw on the top of the pump that looks like a drain plug . This screw has been tampered with and damaged by overtightening . The rubber seal under the screw head has been ruined as well . There a traces of red silicone sealer on the the damaged seal where someone attempted to kludge it . My guess is the motor is wet inside and will fail due to internal corrosion . Aside from that , it looks like it was a really nice pump before some clown abused it . I will try to get a replacement in new condition . '
 Cast iron ? The grid on bottem to filter out objects is plastic . Mine came re-packaged , with the cheap plastic grid in pieces . Amazon was prompt on my refund and I went with a better `` well known '' model that really is cast iron .
 I have scratches on my urethane treated oak floor . I opened the product box and was directed to put drops of water on the scratches . If the floor turned black , the instructions said not to use the product , indicating that the scratches are too deep . Do this before ordering the product . I do n't know if it works on scratches that are not deep , but for what it 's worth , I did not consider mine to be deep .
 You 're better off to pick these up from your like home improvement store for less money . There 's a Hampton Bay just like it at the depot .
 I was saying I would like to exchange it having problem with that can get enyone to help . Change it to the one I really like to have .
 I installed this in my basement a little over a year ago , and now it is not working . Think I 'll spend the extra money and get a Zoeller .
 The superior Pump 93501 was delivered just two days after the order , even though it was super saver shipping -LRB- $ 0 -RRB- . I was excited about that . But , as soon as opening the box , I found a deep cut in the power cable . It almost separated the cable into two pieces . Not a usable condition at all . So , I returned it and asked for replacement.The second pump arrived on the very next day ! Another impressively fast shipping . However , this time the pump was defective . After plugging in , it gave faint electrical noise and after a couple of seconds , the body got noticeably hot . Nothing moved at all . It did not revolve even without the piggyback switch connected . I checked for any clog or jam . Nothing ! The impeller rotated very well when I turned it manually.I am a long time Amazon customer , but do n't leave feedback often . However , this time I ca n't help writing something about this pump . Am I just an unlucky buyer who had bad luck twice in a row ? Probably not . There was no sign of damage in the package
 Seems that amazon has made a mistake and has attached the Bosch reviews to the Skill sander . . Its really not that good of a belt sander , the track works only when flat on the floor , forget vertical.But its cheap and you get what you pay for . For the very occasional use its just ok , for any work that needs precision you will end up doing more damage than good and will then regret spending so little .
 The belts shread because the front screw that holds the `` self tracker '' comes loose . At least that 's what happened to mine and I bet it 's what 's happening to everyone else . You would n't notice it unless you looked inside the side of the sander . It will still sand like this but as everyone else experienced , it will eat your 10 dollar belts very quickly . I bought mine from a big box store but it 's junk and I 'd recommend spending 100 bucks on a better model as the 50 dollar sanders will only cost you time and money when they break in the middle of a project . Skil will `` repair '' it for shipping paid both ways , which happens to be half the cost of the tool . Anyone who does n't have an issue with this tool has n't used it long enough .
 I bought this sander yesterday from my local True Value hardware store to replace an ancient Black and Decker with a burned out motor . I needed to use it to sand down a 16 ` x16 ' plywood dance floor.Upon opening I noticed that the rubberized plastic construction felt solid and well made . I read the directions -LRB- a rarity for me -RRB- , popped on a new belt and started sanding . As per the directions I let the weight of the tool do the pressing while making nice smooth strokes . Five strokes later the belt had a quarter-inch shredded off the inside edge . I replaced the belt with a new one , was careful to adjust the belt properly , and 15 strokes later I had another shredded belt . It seems that the problem is that every once and a while the belt will shift toward the interior of the tool and catch on something sharp , shredding it.By the time I finished sanding my floor I had gone through 5 belts . After the belts had about 3/4 '' shredded off of them they were narrow enough to stay on the sander without jamming , but then they are so narrow to be pretty much useless.I returned the sander the next day with no hassle and will get a Makita instead . I 'll give this sander 2 stars since it is solidly constructed and comfortable to hold .
 I figured surely it could n't be that bad , but I went thru five belts taking two layers of paint of an area about 24 ' sq feet . I was able to get one belt to last a bit longer by swapping it end for end before it shreded . The drive wheel is shorter than the front wheel and there is a spot where the belt goes around a metal surface ... seems to get real hot and degrade the belt until it fails . Otherwise seemed like a nice device with great ergonomics , but this belt shredding flaw completely obliviates any positives . If you do even a rudimentary amount of sanding , the attractive price will be overwhelmed by a gluttony of sanding belts . Given my estimate of the design flaw , I do not see how a refurbished unit would fare any better . I 'll take my sander back to Ace and order somethine else .
 I bought this sander @ Lowe 's since I needed it imediatly to replase a 40 year Wen sander whos motor finally burned up in the middle of a prodject . The first belt shreded 3/4 '' off the inside edge & bound up inside . I cleaned up the mess & replaced the belt . I then rered the manual & verified that it was being ooperated properly & was tracking corectly . I made sure I was keeping it level on the work piece , & only the weight of the sander doing the work . The second belt shreded in about 2 min . of sanding . I then gave up & returned it to Lowe 's for a refund . I did n't want another Skill , & they did n't have another brand in stock , so my prodject is on hold while I shop Amazon for a replacment .
 Like others have said it shreds up the belts like crazy !! After about a half hour of use the filter systen does not work anymore , something obviously plugged on the inside somewhere.Now I have to waste my time taking it back tomorrow to get my money back.Wasting my time and my money by all the belts it ruined.I have other Skil brand tools that work great but do not waste your time and money on this one .
 Beware the Amazon pairing
 The description clearly states ' 12-pack ' , there is even an Amazon smiley face saying ' 12-pack ' in the image.So I expect 12 bits but I received a single bit .
 When filling the tub , water is still sent to the shower head and flows fairly well from it . Replacement Price Pfister Marielle spigots did not solve the problem ; instead a different , non-matching , $ 15 unfashionable spigot rectified the problem .
 I purchased a Decora slide dimmer switch for our bathroom . After installing it , I slid the dimmer up and down twice to test it , and it broke ! The slider portion seemed to have become disconnected internally , so that it just moved up & down without affecting the light.I returned to the store , and exchanged the broken unit for another one . After installing & testing , it worked fine , so I threw away the packaging & receipt . After two weeks , that switch broke as well , in the same fashion as the first one.I could no longer return the switch to the store for a refund -LRB- and I did n't want to bother installing a third one -RRB- , so I called Levition Customer Service . They refused to refund the purchase price , and would only offer to replace the switch if I mailed them the bad one . They also refused to pay for the cost of sending them their defective product , so I threw it in the trash.We have used these same switches in other rooms of the house , and they have worked fine for ten years . The manufacturer has apparently made some change that has ruined them . I 'll never buy another Levition product .
 The metal base is very strong and sturdy , but I was disappointed with the flimsy plastic jaws . They are too long , and flex too much to get a tight grip .
 I ordered this vise and like a previous reviewer stated I did not recieve the base . I sent it back for a replacement and recieved a second vise again with no base . I have given up and sent the second vise back for a refund . That 's the way to inspire customer loyalty Amazon !
 looks like a really handy and well built vise . problem is ... it arrived without a base and there 's no way to contact the seller . guess I 'll have to return it .
 These are so cheap , if you manage to use it once , it will be a miracle . Every bend in the pipe causes the cable to wrap around itself , but do n't worry , you can buy another one for only $ 50 ! Using the reverse feature causes the motor to burn up -LRB- they tell you this -RRB- , which is unfortunate , because every 2-4 seconds you have to use it to unwrap the cable from around itself , and untangle the mess inside the non-partitioned drum . Oh , and by the way , once your cable twists , it is garbage , it will continue to just wrap itself up at that point , never again to transmit that twisting force down into the pipe to turn the end of the cable -LRB- which means no cleaning the drain -RRB- . Oh , one more little fun fact ... Once you open the box , you 've pretty well eliminated ever getting your money back . Congratulations , you just bought the most expensive lawn ornament in your collection.These are trash . Do n't waste your time , or your money . If you 're looking to get one of these machines , this brand is NOT the one !!
 Do n't know if this nail gun is a good choice . Did not operate out-of-the-box . It is at an authorized repair center.Paslode 902000 16 Gauge Straight Finish Nailer
 Have previously used Paslode nailer and was looking forward to using this nailer only to find that the nailer appeared faulty and the gas cylinder cover which is integral to the nailer was faulty and extremely insecure . This present an extremely dangerous situation which will be rectified when the replacement arrives in better condition - we hope !!!!!
 Avoid doing business with this vendor . Notice that their feedback is very negative . My experience is also very negative.On April 24 , I ordered three lamps from furniture on the web . Two were defective . I also received a large , stained glass lampshade that did not belong to me . I notified the company and they said they would replace the defective items and I should return the two defective items and the lampshade and they would give me return tags for them.On June 7 , I received the replacement lamps , and no shipping tags . I boxed the items to be returned in their original packaging and shipped them back . The company refused to reimburse the shipping cost .
 Pros
 These are older models that apparently have a known design flaw where the quick connects do n't seat well and leak . I bought 2 and they both have the problem . I 've contacted Delta to get replacement parts because apparently they changed the design to address the problem a while ago . Recommend you do n't buy this older , discontinued model .
 I thought i was buying a complete set of knee pads but only got a replacement pad , No information on returning it lost my money .
 returned items , was an accessory to something else , i did not have , not what i expected or wanted ; information in ad , did not explain this
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 Wanted to love these but here 's the issue ... These bits are supposed to be compatible with `` quick release '' chucks . They are not . The detent -LRB- the narrowed `` notch '' that the quick release chuck locks onto -RRB- is set too far back from the screwdriving end of the bit . None of the various power tools -LRB- including Craftsman and Makita -RRB- I own would lock these bits into the quick release chuck.If you 're gon na use these as bits with a standard power drill with a standard chuck they will probably be fine . That is n't what I purchased them for . I purchased them for use in a quick release chuck , and for that these bits represent a fundamentally defective design . One star.On edit , February 3 , 2013 ... I contacted the manufacturer after they offered to send theTEKTON 2912 2-Inch Power Bit Set , 10-Pieceto try and they were true to their word . I 've been using the new bits for a few weeks now and am well pleased with them . They fit standard quick release chucks and work as they should . Kudos to TEKTON for paying attention to the customer reviews here at Amazon and for offering to make things right . They have earned a repeat customer with that attention .
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 when it is leaking , it is quite hard to open the assembly . wasting me a whole morning now . . sigh . .
 This one charge too much shipping fee and you have no option to choose cheaper shipping.When I got two sets for my bathroom and found they did n't fit my current valve system even it 's exactly same model from Moen so I decided to return . However I was charge 20 % restocking fee even I did n't touch anything inside the boxes and return the wholething with orignial packages .
 There are two pictures side by side from the seller . The first picture looks like a zoom-in image of knobs and spray . Then the second one shows the completed suite of the faucet , giving me a feeling that this sale incudes all of these parts . In fact , the seller will only deliver you nothing more than two knobs and one spray . I just called amazon to request a return . Depending on the final return result , I will either down grade the rate to 1 star or upgrade to 3 start . The reason I call it `` misleading '' not `` cheating '' because later , once I got the package , I re-checked the website and found one sentence says `` valve 9000 not included '' . I was overwhelmed by the `` convincing '' pictures .
 I did not purchase my units through Amazon , let me be clear about that . I purchased mine locally but ... This is a BAD Product ! a defective product ! and the company knows it ! I purchased my first unit about eight years ago . They work really well at killing bugs ... . for the first year and then you 're on your own . I decided to use two on my property due to all the mosquitos flying around in the evening . These are killing machines and they do a fantastic job at killing every bug , I mean EVERY Bug.It is true that you will have to constantly keep them cleaned but they are n't worth the money if you have to keep replacing them every twelve to eighteen months.I have tried to get information from the company about why I have had to replace my units every year and they just make up pathetic excuses but never provide an appropriate answer . I have an electronics background and know enough that these units should last forever but something else is going on with these units and no one is saying anything.I am fed up with having to ship them back every year and wait on a new or refurbished unit . If it was a quality product , this should not be happening in the first place.The damned units do not last much longer then about eighteen months and then you have to call the company and get the unit replaced.Unless you have a crush on your local UPS person or whoever you use to ship them back , I would say to find a different product / manufacture for a bug zapper ... . aka . '' Vincent Price Machine '' . It cost me about $ 45.00 per unit to ship them back for a replacement every year . To me it is n't worth the trouble or the money . If you have money to burn , then go ahead and waste your day ! As for me , my two units are going to the recycler !
 Have had three of these . One lasted four days . They all suffer from the same problem . The ballasts/starter bulbs go bad and the only functioning part of the unit is the electrical grid which constantly clogs up even on a good day .
 10 to 12 days after receiving original , one light bulb went defective . Replacement unit also had defective bulb that would not light up after 10-12 days . Requesting 2nd -LRB- and final -RRB- replacement to correct defective bulb . Both times defective bulbs were on the side opposite of the electric pulg in cord . If it worked properly , it would be a good product .
 I got two these zappers both which have defective power supply because one bulb wont lite up . Switching bulbs showed it was n't bulb it was power supply for unit
 I live in south Mississippi where the mosquitoes , gnats , flies , moths , horse flies and beetles are often a problem . I have an acre pond 300 feet from my back porch , so yes I invested in one from Walmart . It lasted 23 days before the light did not work -LRB- black lights -RRB- . I brought it back to the store where they sold out with no expectations for others . I then bought it on Amazon . It was a UV lighted one and so I was taken aback and did not expect it to be so bright . After a week , I got used to it and it works great . Mosquitoes are very attracted to it with the attractant I bought for it , I should be good to go for at least two summers . I just wanted to say how much I LOVE the Amazon company too . This light was shipped from the `` Nerds '' and I received it in a great new condition .7 / 27/12Updated , I have had nothing but trouble out of these Stingers . I have sent in and they 've sent back 3 . Something goes bad in the head . Now it 's been on back order for the last 30 days and when I called today , David said an additional 30 more days is expected . Boo !!! to the makers of this thing . I figure I got 14 days total use out of it . I will wait 90 days before giving a review again .8 / 14/12I asked the Kaz folks to please consider exchanging to a newer model ... They sent me a a BK300 really constructed differently and looks like it will stand up better . It has been plugged in and going for the last 4 days . It is different because of the black light and has an energy saving feature from dusk to dawn sensor . I am hoping this one will hold up . Will keep y' all posted from the south .
 The Stinger brand of bug zappers is generally unreliable , in my experience . I am on my second 1-acre model ; the first one stopped working after 2 days , and the other one still has quirks , especially if it gets wet even in a light rain . I decided to try the 1.5 acre model when I moved into a new house with a back yard near a lot of trees and a creek , knowing the mosquitoes would be bad . I turned it on and it looked great with the dark purple black lights . Unfortunately , it did not zap any bugs . It was broken right out of the box . I returned it and decided to go with the Flowtron instead , that brand has much better reviews and seems to be more reliable . No more Stinger bug zappers for me !
 Stinger : Pros - With mosquito lure , killed lotsa bad insects -LRB- at first , then would n't zap small insects ! -RRB- - BUT!Cons - Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clog up . Pretty soon it was packed solid & killing nothing!I had to keep blowing it out -LRB- air compressor -RRB- every couple ofdays - HASSLE!Flowtron `` 80 ! '' -LRB- took puny 40 back ! -RRB- - Pros - Killed lots more bugs , because it NEVER clogs up -LRB- zaps small insects too ! -RRB- ! The electric rods are straight up/down , so no cross wires to catch falling insects & clog.Dead insects fall out the bottom - Blow clean once a month ... I used the Stinger mosquito lure , purchased at Wally World ... Cons - The only con is that the outer protective plastic cage HAD bars only about 1/2 '' apart -LRB- same with Stinger -RRB- - This kept larger moths ... from being able to easily get in to the electric grid.I used a large wire cutter & cut out every 3d bar - on top 2/3ds of cage . Alternating ... , so cut bar was in the middle of two solid bars on adajacent side - Still rigid!I put it on an outside timer -LRB- for when evenings cool down - Not much insect activity below 55 degrees ... -RRB- . Adjust accordingly.Never hang it near a door , as their is always a 10 ' + swarm of insects around it.Try to hang it over head high , in a DRY -LRB- electric -RRB- area .
 I bought one of these when they were still $ 80 . I would not buy one now if it was on sale for $ 10 . If you buy one of these -LRB- and I hope that you do not -RRB- , you are going to get the model that is in the picture kindly provided by Mr. Bryant . This unit has two bulbs . One of them burned out in my unit after only about a month . So , I bought a replacement -LRB- Stinger brand -RRB- bulb for about $ 15 at Wal-Mart . Then the other bulb burned out a few weeks later . So , I bought another bulb -LRB- another $ 15 -RRB- . Then after about three months , BOTH bulbs starting putting out a strange yellow-orange glow and the grid no longer `` zapped '' bugs . After a short lifetime of about three months , it went into the garbage can . Yeah , I could have messed with the warranty , but it just was not worth it . I 'll bet that other people will though , and I 'm going to predict that Amazon will quit selling these things because of the high rate of complaints and returns . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I doubt it . I 'll never buy another Stinger or Honeywell product . I go on the consumer philosophy of `` Sell me a bad product once , shame on you . Sell me a bad product twice , shame on me '' . You 've been warned .
 I 've had numerous Flowtron zappers in the past . They do so good a job it burns out the high voltage transformer after a year or two . It sounds like the fourth of July most nights.I bought a Stinger 80W this time and returned it for a refund the next day . The grid is too far apart to kill gnats and mosquitos . They fly all around it in safety.Plus the grids are not side-by-side like the Flowtron , but one grid is inside the other , closer to the lights . So if the bugs are too big , like moths , they ca n't make it through the outer grid and never get zapped . And if they are too small , like mosquitos and gnats , they never get zapped either.Don ' t waste your time on this brand .
 Do n't waste your money on this crap . Two months of use and both bulbs along with the spare have gone out . It would n't attract anything but an electric bill now . Keep away , far away from this product and keep your money in your pocket .
 One of the lights was burned out and the electric zapper mesh kept buzzing all the time `` bugs or not '' , not a good product ,
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 I bought these knee pads for my son . The top strap has an adjustment for size , but the bottom strap is fixed and to short . This makes the gift unusable for a big man . There are better choices on the market . The price was cheap , and you get what you pay for .
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 Ok , it * may * just be that my walls have textured paint on them , but even so , this thing is horrible . It claims there 's a stud or * something * every few inches , and sweeping back over the spot multiple times may confirm or deny that . I took to sweeping an area several times from both directions to mark places that seemed to at least be consistent amongst the noise . After it was all done , I just took to tapping the wall to hear the reverberations to confirm . Get something else .
 I used this stud finder and it was terrible . After more research I found this specific item was rated by others the same bad experiences as I was having . It was inaccurate and changed each time I used it . Not reliable at all . It wasted so much of my time . Dont try to save money and try to get the best stud finder you can . Its not worth the damage it can cause and also harm to yourself to nail into an electrical wire . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 I want to smash it into 983479238749283 little pieces . It makes noises totally random times and is n't accurate at all . It 's totally useless . $ 20 paperweight .
 I guess it 's pretty hard to make a stud finder / electrical finder the works at a decent price . I 'm not sure what is updated about this model , as it 's just as bad as the old one . Moving it over my textured walls makes it freak out 90 % of the time and need to be reset . Sometimes it will lock up on the `` found a stud '' mode and stay there no matter where you move the unit to . If you press to hard on the unit to keep it firmly against the wall , it will make it find a stud or find AC wiring . Sometimes it says it has found AC wiring , and then if you reset it and scan it again , it finds nothing.Bottom line is , it gives so much conflicted data that it is useless . What good is a stud finder and AC wiring finder if you ca n't trust it ? Great job Zircon .
 This stud finder may , and I emphasize the word `` may '' , work well on drywall as shown in the mocked up demonstrations put on by the manufacturer , but it is useless on plaster walls . I 've tried two of them with fresh batteries and neither could successfully locate a stud under 5/8 '' of wallboard and plaster in my house . I am not talking about lathe and plaster , just 3/8 '' of wallboard with 1/4 '' of plaster over it . The demos show accurately locating studs through 2 layers of 1/2 '' sheetrock using the `` deepscan '' setting . I suspect that demo is staged . The two I tested could not locate a stud where I knew there was one . It also tends -LRB- or pretends -RRB- to find `` something '' and never stop beeping once it detects whatever it thinks it found.This model would not even make a decent paper weight . If you have a lot of disposable income , go for it . If you are looking for a way to locate studs in a plaster wall , use a hammer , you 'll have better luck .
 I picked this up after putting up some drywall to figure out where the studs were , and it was completely useless . 99 % of the time , i missed the wood . i returned it the very next day.Zircon should be ashamed of themselves for even marketing and selling this garbage.NOT RECOMMENDED !
 I purchased this item at a local big box store -LRB- the orange one that starts with an H -RRB- and it came with a free 9 '' level . Leveler works great , but the StudSensor definitely has issues ! I tried out one of the lower model Zircon models in the store -LRB- Zircon StudSensor Pro SL -RRB- , and thought it was great , so I opted for the higher model since I figure it would be better ; I was dead wrong.I tried it on my ceiling so that I could hang a lamp , and the WireWarning kept going off . I had a lot of insulation in the attic which had a metallic layer , which was probably triggering it . I tried to see if there was a way to disable it , but that was n't possible . I gave up with that and went to my regular interior walls.I followed the directions and marked off the edges each time it went off . I went back and forth to confirm the stud location , but it kept going off on different areas , and the WireWarning would go off for no reason ! I could n't believe I just spent all that money on a piece of junk . . I called customer service and they said `` there 's probably something wrong with my walls . '' Gim me a break . . I bought a magnetic stud finder instead and it works perfectly . Stay away from this .
 I actually found this stud finder to be accurate , though often took a few passes just to be sure . My problem was , over half the times I put it to the wall and pressed the button , it would just beep and the LCD and LED would just flash . Nothing I did would make it even pretend to work at that point . In the end , I took a hammer to it ; problem solved . Complete waste of money , do not buy this thing !
 There is a trail of a single star for this item because it is a waste of money . And almost forgot
 This model of Zircon stud finder is completely useless and the company makes no effort to solve the problem . The tone and display give completely random signals indicating a stud whether there is one there or not . I emailed Zircon and after three weeks , no response . I bought the Hanson magnetic to replace the Zircon . Not so high tech and not as easy to use as the Zircon would be if it operated properly , but it gets the job done . Tapping on the wall is better than the Zircon .
 I bought this pretend studsensor at Lowe 's in late 08 or 09 . I tried it out and it seemed to find studs okay at the time but I did n't actually try to put a screw or nail into a stud at the time . Fast forward to Christmas 2010 . I was trying to anchor my son 's new computer desk unit to the wall . Unfortunately this hunk of plastic is only good at beeping and flashing an occasional red light . It could n't find one stud through normal one layer drywall . Everywhere it saw a stud there was none to be found . I will never ever ever ever buy anything these thieves from Zircon make again . I wonder if they got anyone electrocuted with false readings . Do n't buy this .
 This radio headset provided me with barely two months of listening pleasure and hearing protection . For the past week , the earmuff has limited my aforementioned pleasure to mere hearing protection . The radio no longer functions . The -LRB- radio -RRB- malfunction may be limited to this one particular unit , but at $ 120.00 plus it 's a bit of an expensive lemon . A fresh set of batteries did nothing to improve the situation . Needless to say that I 'm very disappointed with this unit , which replaced a much cheaper Peltor headset , which functioned perfectly for several years . Will contact Peltor to have the headset examined and , with any luck , repaired .
 I have a severe problem with both AM and FM stations fading out . The dial also drifts . The set is comfortable and does an excellent job of blocking out unwanted noises .
 If you are looking for am AM/FM headset to take to the race track or to use with your scanner DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET ! -LRB- Besides having to buy a special 30 dollar connecting cord -RRB- This product will not work with a power spliter.The `` drift '' on the Feq . dial is horrible . -LRB- if you can even find the station -RRB- ! & the dial has NO numbers so the AM/FM STATIONS ARE TO FIND . For 100 dollars you get 50 dollar quality .
 I bought these for landscaping and they broke very shortly after buying them . not satisfied at all . other than that it was a good product before the rubber ear pieces just fell off of both sides .
 I enjoyed these for the first two months . But noticed that the FM reception was as bad or worse than my much cheaper previous Peltor am/fm headphones . The AM reception was non existent but since I did n't listen to AM I did n't care . I probably should have as it was an indication of where FM was going . I 'd rate this item higher for the excellent ability to hear outside sounds while around noise but the radio was very important to me.FM reception had been getting worse and after a wasp stung me on my head , my end of the dial station disappeared as maybe when I took them off quickly -LRB- not dropping it -RRB- the FM receptor and dial seemed to get worse . As someone said here , the station 's wandered on the dial from out of the box . After the above wasp sting , I could n't find my favorite NPR station and instead only now I get the worst stations
 This set of radio headphones are total junk . Avoid and do not purchase this product they 're not worth $ 40.00 much less $ 128.00 . There is no radio dial or reference for frequency and they are cheap and poorly made with poor reception to boot.Total crap DO NOT EVEN THINK OF WASTING YOUR MONEY ON THIS JUNK .
 Headphone is great for hearing protection , but the radio reception and tuning is terrible . I 'm very disappointed with this product . I intended to use it while cutting grass but it is difficult with the radio stations reception constantly fading in and out . Not worth the price , that 's for sure .
 Ordered after my contractor swears by them . Had the headsets for 4 months and the radio has stopped working , of course just after it becomes non-returnable . They were great for as long as they worked , just not very reliable . Also , the radio dial does not show what channel you are on , so its just turn and guess .
 BEWARE OF MODEL NUMBER , Ordered 2 of the headsets they work as advertised , EXCEPT I was sent the following model # M2RX7A-77 which is the EUROPEAN version , the FL6N cable DOES NOT WORK with this model number , I contacted Peltor America and they said the FL6N cable will not work with the EUROPEAN model `` M2RX7A-77 '' I am returing the product becuase of this . Purchased from Altatac through Amazon , spoke to Altatec on the phone and they had no idea what I was talking about , just said that is what they recieved from Peltor .
 Extremely low quality . Bits perform like weak pot metal . Center holes are off-center . First three bits I tried broke on first use -- in each case when gently removing a steel self-tapping screw from plastic . Vendors should be ashamed to sell this junk.I replaced it withthis set from Klein ; much better quality .
 The bits are ok but they are basicly one or 2 uses each . The spanners especially snap right off afrer removing a couple a security screws . Just realize that these are cheap for a reason , if you want a good set move up to the Klein bits
 The built in radio is capable of creating 96 db of sound pressure at your ears if you are listening to a loud rock station . Anything above about 85 db for any extended time can cause damage . You may think you 're protecting your hearing with these while operating loud machinery , but if you turn up the radio loud enough to hear it , you could be in danger .
 The receiver is weak and I have difficulty receiving very good reception from our local radio stations . I am not satisfied and would not recommend purchase of this item.They are comfortable to wear . That is the only favorable comment .
 I 've purchased three sets of Digital Worktunes . I use them 1-2 days per week . One radio failed in less than a month and was replaced by the manufacturer . The other two failed in a little more than a year after they were out of warranty . I like them while they work , but ca n't help feeling cheated when they fail so quickly . I 'd willingly pay more for a durable product .
 Ladies & Gentlemen , save your money and do n't bother to buy these if you want reliability.Shortly after I purchased these , the electronics quit working . It was very static and would shut off for no reason . This situation got very frequent over two weeks and finally quit working totally . All functions were affected
 After reading a few reviews I was n't so sure about this headset . I guessed correctly that the people who had poor radio reception may live in areas that have a high level of airwave interference . My headset has great reception for both am and fm . I have n't figured out yet how to use my ipod with it . I think I need to buy an adapter , similar to a car adapter.Now I can cruise around with my lawnmower and listen to the radio , very nice ... it keeps my ears warm too . . UPDATE . . after coming back I see I made a mistake with my star rating ... it should be 5 stars
 I have used my headset almost daily for a year and would gladly welcome a better product with the same features . The reception is poor compared to any other radio I use . It 's fine for strong stations but can not pull in others that I routinely listen to.Then , in the 13th month the stereo started to cut out intermittently -LRB- the non-radio side has no sound -RRB- . The company offers a 12 month warranty and their rep declined to extend the warranty , which I find discouraging.I 'd like to see a quality product offered by another company . It appears to be a very simple feature set.Update
 To start with the audio quality is muffaled and dose not get very loud . I also tryed to hook up my mp3 player but it was in mono ! I retured this item . Would not recomend .
 The performance of this radio was totally unsatisfactory . I returned it . Could tune in very few stations and it would not hold those . In these days of electronic `` miricles '' this radio was a joke . I ordered a better one in the fiftys with Bazoka comics . ABS
 I thought these looked cool but once I got them I realized they look sooo stupid . If you want to draw attention to yourself and have people laugh at you then fine go ahead an buy this . What a waste of my money .
 these are stylish glass . If you do not need peripheral vision . glass lenses are too small . you can see the frames in your field of vision . Only pro is the carrying case .
 I ended up getting two of these to get one working fan because I did n't want to deal with the hassle of a return . Very poor packaging with nothing to protect the plastic fan blades from being damaged by the heavy motor during the drop-kick postal delivery . First one arrived with both fan blades broken , second with the large blade broken , but I only needed the small one . Motor is a little louder than the one it replaced , and seems to draw more current - when turning off switch , it kicks the breaker on the GFI outlet on the same circuit if both light switches for the bathroom are also on . I would have rated this 4 stars if the fan blades arrived undamaged - a little bubble packing would be worth another dollar or two in cost .
 This item comes poorly packaged so that the motor ends up breaking the fans . They are just in the box , no padding . I would recommend buying items like this from someone else .
 poor quality and Amazon 's free return policy expired 6 days ago so I am stuck . Used Black and Decker bits thousands of times and never had any problems . My advice is to test all bits right away to test quality ds you can return all bad bits .
 Was looking for a cordless drill made in the USA so I googled U.S.A. made cordless drill . Needless to say when I was wrapping this gift I see made in China printed on the box . Hell I only live a half mile from Home Depot and could have purchased any number of drills made in China there and saved the shopping charges . Who 's idea was it to mislead me . Thanks for wasting my time and money.P.S . I will be shipping this item back .
 Useful item while it was working . After about two years the valve started leaking gas . Very disappointing . I would n't buy another . I noticed that they do n't make these any more . I suspect it 's a quality issue .
 The Glass was chipped where you have a second hole for heat to release . It looked like it was shot with a BB Gun . The Center whole was not in the Center it was off to the side so the bottom Final was off center . Made in China but sold to Americans by Americans . Not worth the time sending it back . I will not buy from Amazon.com LLC again as they do not check the quality of what thye sell !
 The quality of the braising in the manufacture of this bit is very disappointing . I 've posted a picture so you can see what I 'm talking about . The bubbles , roughness and voids in the braising is what I expect to see in a low - cost Chinese bit , not one manufactured by CMT.I wrote CMT USA about this , but have yet to get a reply ... also not what I expect from a tier 1 company.I need to add that this bit is cutting HDPE beautifully , but it better ... HDPE is a very soft plastic.Incidentally , I need to add that the picture is incorrect . As the description says , this has a 1/2 '' shank . The picture shows a 1/4 '' one .
 I threw this away and ordered the complete sprayer and hose unit because I could not get this product to attach without leaking.This job was actually one of the most awkward plumbing jobs I 've done , although it 's apparently simple . You do n't wantundersink fittings to leak , but it 's really awkward , without a proper -LRB- slightly more expensive -RRB- double union joint to tighten themeffectively . Even the hose + sprayer unit leaked slightly at first -LRB- cheap union -RRB- but now it seems to have calc 'd up and itdoes n't leak .
 This sprayer worked great ... at first . After about six months it would leak after the water was turned off but thumbing it on and off would make it stop . Three months after that it just leaks non-stop . The valve gets stuck and will not close the whole way . I can not recommend this product .
 This is made from very cheap plastic . Nearly impossible to install without leaks . The plastic just deforms too easily . I should have bought the metal one .
 I purchased this product for installation on a stairwell door . I walked up one flight of steps and the signal was gone . 15 feet max .
 This file package contains 2 files for $ 10.95 . Other vendors on this site are selling the same for less than $ 4.00 . Also , you can buy a 12 pack for about $ 12.00 . The files are fantastic , but it does n't make sense to spend that much on two .
 The Glass was chipped where you have a second hole for heat to release . It looked like it was shot with a BB Gun . The Center whole was not in the Center it was off to the side so the bottom Final was off center . Made in China but sold to Americans by Americans . Not worth the time sending it back . I will not buy from Amazon.com LLC again as they do not check the quality of what thye sell !
 Honeywell thermostats of this design have pins in the back that fail to connect properly after a couple of battery changes . They will not last.Save your money and buy something else.I have two of these and they both lose their memory every time they are touched . Bad connection coupling design .
 We have had this thermostat less than one year and it is already failing.I am throwing it in the trash and recommend that NOBODY buy this one .
 I installed the new RTH7500D in my house . All functions and programming was fine . Only problem was the LCD display looked washed out with poor contrast . I complained to Honeywell who told me make sure the battery was new , connections were secure , no corrosion on any terminal etc. . Of course , everything was fine . Then they said remove thermostat from the wall and see if the display improved - i.e. running on battery alone . Nothing changed ! So advised me to return the unit to the seller for a replacement . I returned it to Amazon and got a new one . The same poor quality display ! I have another Honeywell model RTH6400D -LRB- installed on another floor -RRB- and its display is fine ! When I put them side by side , it is easy to see that RTH7500D has weaker , faded display !
 Installed the product in December ... by August the display had failed . Amazon said to contact Honeywell , so I did and it is now September 27th -LRB- almost two months later -RRB- and I still do not have a resolution to the faulty product ! Multiple calls have been made with wait times upwards of 20-30 minutes each time . This product comes with a one year warranty ... I guess it is going to take a year to fulfill the warranty claim . As is the case with a lot of American companies , their customer service and technical support lines all seem to be outsourced.If I were you , I would avoid Honeywell all together . I know this is hard when looking at thermostats , but there has to be something else better out there !
 Cumbersome programming , lousy , confusing , inaccurate instructions and the backlight does not stay on long enough do any real programming . I give it one star becuase I ca n't give it none .
 It 's a decent thermostat if you like to maintain a constant temperature , but you can not program a temperature swing . That means your air conditioner and furnace are cycling on and off very often to maintain a one degree zone.The biggest strain on the air conditioner is the compressor starting , and this also is less economical because it takes more power to start . Do you notice your lights dim a little when the air kicks on , well these Honeywells cause it to kick on and off way too much.Also if you have an electronic or glow plug type ignition for your Furnace it 's the same thing . This all adds up to increased electric use and premature failure of some equipment.I would prefer to let the temperature of my home vary a couple of degrees then have all that on and off cycling . It seems like excessive and unneeded wear and tear on the components to meThis applies to all Honeywell thermostats according to the support request I submitted to them .
 I purchased this item to replace a different brand name that the touch screen stopped working . I have a multi-unit heat pump and fan . This item IS as described , however it makes my furnace/air conditioner an energy hog.For instance , if you select to set the temperature at 73 degrees on heat ; the unit will keep the temperature at 73 until you tell it to stop . What does that mean ? Your unit will run approximately 5 - 9 times per hour . Operating only for 5-9 minutes per operation , then turn off . It is non-stop at night . I timed it one hour , and it kept coming on and off so many times that my unit shutdown because it was to many on/offs within a certain range of time.Despite saying it is energy start certified and will reduce your bills by 30 % , this is a lie . My bills average $ 115 a month , went up to almost $ 300 !!!! Honeywell says that this is normal , and you can not set the `` swing '' to adjust the temp to say `` I have my temperature set at 73 , and want my heat to turn on when it reaches 72 degrees , and operate until it reaches 74 degrees to minimize unit operating . `` I recommend you look for a different thermostat if you want to keep your energy bills down .
 I dont like it , it not hard to set it up , but the one i got was broken and few times at night will drop the temperature in the room to 60 and we live in Chicago area . Frizzing cold for me . I call Honyewell and the guys are very help full , but i was not able to return mine so i have to buy a new one . Honywell offer to sand me a new one for free , but i just want a simple one now so i dont have to run @ the same problem .
 After the move back to Eastern Standard time this year , both failed within one month of each other . Something about the time change , which did not replicate through the thermostat . They still work somewhat , but not like they did when new . They require a lot of tweaking and manual override . I am replacing both .
 This thermostat worked and then did n't work on my system within one week . Also , the screen is so small that you need a magnifying glass to see the screen.Needless to say , I returned it . Amazon was prompt with my refund .
 We 've had our unit for over a year . The pins that connect the thermostat to the wall unit have become loose and the thermostat can no longer communicate or be effective -LRB- I 'm writing this while wrapped in a blanket and waiting for the hardware stores to open -RRB- . We 'll probably try to find a unit that is better made .
 I purchased this thermostat because it was advertised that it can be wired up to run without use of battery power ... Upon receipt , the package did indeed state that there is an optional hook-up such that it will work without a battery ... Before opening the package -LRB- and hence making the item not returnable -RRB- -RRB- , I went to the Honeywell web site to review the install instructions ... the `` optional '' hook-up is not described on the web site ... So , I opened the package to read the instructions in the package ... no instructions on how to hook up for battery-free operation ... so I called the Honeywell technical support -LRB- toll-free number -RRB- . . I was informed that in order to hook-up for battery free , my system needs to have a common wire ... well my system does not have a common wire ... No where on the package or on their web site did it state this ... so now I am stuck with a $ 75 thermostat that will do the same thing as a $ 25 thermostat ... This is an example of bait and switch , no truth in advertising ... I now can not return the item because the package is opened ... very disappointed ... I will never buy anything from Honeywell again ... BUYER BEWARE ...
 I am very disappointed in both the thermostat and in the company Honeywell . I actually bought my thermostat in a local Lowes store . I was replacing a 6 year old programmable Honeywell thermostat whose plastic buttons had cracked and whose hinged face had a broken hinge . I was looking for a feature which would allow me to program an extended swing or cycle time on the air conditioner to allow for greater dehumidification and increased efficiency . Unfortunately none of the in store packaging or literature includes this information on the thermostats , and none of the employees in the store knew what I was talking about . I tried logging into the Honeywell website but it did not work with smartphones . -LRB- A little out of date guys ? -RRB- . The Honeywell customer support phone numbers on the packaging were not valid numbers . There was an open package on a cheaper Honeywell thermostat and after reading that manual and seeing the feature I was looking for was available I assumed that it would be available on the more expensive thermostat I wanted , so I purchased it.When I got home and opened the package I did not see the feature in the literature . After installing the batteries and reviewing the menu I did not find it there either . I logged in to the web site with my computer and could not find a searchable way to find the feature . The only way to find if the thermostats had the feature or not was to download each models manual one by one . So I decided to try calling them again . Different number this time on the web site for customer service and this one was also disconnected.I have returned this thermostat to Lowes and will be avoiding everything Honeywell in my future . I do n't need to run in to this kind of customer `` service '' in my life again !
 What a disappointment ! This thermostat , RTH7500D , worked great for about 6 weeks . On my first review of the product , I gave it 5 stars.Then it became erratic , the furnace would kick on even though the house was at the set temperature of 68 degrees , then it would shut off , still 68 degrees . As the weeks progressed , the thermostat would quit working completely . Twice it shut down leaving my house very cold.I called Honeywell regarding warranty on it and the only way they will consider it for warranty is if I remount the thermostat and call them when it stopped working . This is not a good idea as it could stop working while I am at work or in the middle of the night and once again my home would be about 50 degrees or colder . The service person could barely speak English and I had to ask him to repeat what he said a number of times . And he wanted to troubleshoot it and I could not understand him?Bottomline - the thermostat would be great IF it is not defective . Warranty service with Honeywell stinks ! I will have to forget the warranty process and toss the unit out as the cost of the device is cheaper than repairs to a frozen house.Beware if you need warranty service from Honeywell .
 The RTH7500 was fairly easy to install but the screen went blank in less than 6 months . We replaced the batteries three times and nothing ! It is supposed to have a one year warranty ! We contacted Honeywell customer care and after several phone calls and emails dragging out for over three weeks , we still do not have the issue resolved ! Glad I kept the old thermostat ! The worst customer service I have ever dealt with ! Bye Bye Honeywell !
 Not easy to operate , had to call Honeywell for assistance with setting up the date , unite went out after 3 month only of operation .
 You get what you pay for and heating your house is not the place you should skimp on . 10pm and this thing is broken , it 's going to cost you an arm and a leg to get a repair man out , trust me , I know . Called customer service and talked to a nice gentleman in India that I could barely understand . What I did make out was that my thermostat was broken and it was two months out of the warranty period , so `` please purchase another quality Honeywell product '' . My advice to you is spend a little more money on the furnace manufacturers recommended thermostat -LRB- trust me it is not a Honeywell -RRB- and it will do a much better job to keep you and your family warm for years .
 Have tried several times to program this thermostat and it just does not respond to what is programed in . I am just switching from heat to cool as needed and using it manually .
 As others have pointed out , this is NOT the old thermostat you 've seen for the last 50 years . The CT87K , CT87N , T87K and T87N are recent updates . The old thermostats relied on a coiled bi-metallic strip and a mercury switch . The new ones have done away with the mercury with its disposal headaches and replaced it with an electronic sensor and switch.I ca n't speak to the accuracy of the electronic switch -LRB- they 're usually accurate to one degree F -RRB- , but of three I had sitting in a box by my desk , two showed temperatures within one degree of each other and one was off by 3-4 degrees . That 's a problem if you 're relying on the display thermometer to set a comfortable temperature on the thermostat.Then there 's the battery . They do n't tell you about the battery , not even in the user manual . If you poke around long enough , you can find a reference to it on the Honeywell web site . It 's a lithium CR2450 . They seem to be recharging it from the low voltage wires to the thermostat , but even then , it does n't last forever , maybe 5-10 years if you 're lucky . If you want to pry apart the thermostat , then pry out the circuit board , then search for and buy a new battery , then put it all back together the way it was , you can have a working thermostat again for just a couple of bucks . If you do n't want to do that , or if you do n't figure out why your new thermostat stopped working , you 'll need to replace it.Honeywell has taken a product that lasts as long as your house and replaced it with one you 'll need to replace again and again . It 's a good deal for Honeywell .
 I purchased a CT87K heat only thermostat in October from a local home improvement center . -LRB- This is because the Mr. Heater 24Volt Thermostat I purchased through Amazon to go with my new Mr. Heater garage heater was defective . -RRB- It 's now seven months later . I went out into my garage this morning -LRB- as I do every day -RRB- and found that my heater was running and the garage was at least 100F ! The thermometer on the thermostat was pegged all the way over ! The thermostat was set to 40F since spring and it should have been just fine until fall when I need heat in the garage again . I was able to get the thermostat to shut off the heater by turning it up and then down all the way . After the heater cycled off , I unplugged it from the AC power and removed the thermostat from the wall base unit . I plugged in the heater again and checked the controller voltage to the thermostat and found that it was indeed within the acceptable range of 24-30V AC -LRB- it was 26.75 V -RRB- . I read the warranty in the owner 's manual and it said : If the product is defective , -LRB- i -RRB- return it , with a bill of sale or other dated proof ofpurchase , to the place from which you purchased it ; or -LRB- ii -RRB- call Honeywell Customer Care at 1-800-468-1502 . Customer Care will make the determination whether the product should be returned to the following address
 Man , I hate being cold . Normally I 'm calm . This state returned after the very un-characteristic violent moment of punching this nasty thing right off the wall , and since that was insufficient , I also threw it . It broke apart and INSIDE IS A CHEAP CIRCUIT BOARD ! This thing is a fake of the original.Inside is a digital freeze-n-burn type that will make you very uncomfortable . My house is finally warming back up after re-installing the old mercury bubble type thermostat.The advertising on the package for the new model says + / 1 degree , but that is a lie , not unlike the majority of advertisements . It caused the temperatures in my house to rapidly rocket up and down by ELEVEN degrees and that made me sick , because most of that was cold and colder , with only about a minute 's worth of heat per half hour.Electric heat does n't warm up in one minute , so this device is incompatible at best.Plus , its designed to break !! Sealed inside is a lithium battery to run the digital fakery , and when that battery goes out , opening the cover causes breakage when attempting to replace that battery . Yes , its battery powered by some sort of quarter size flat disc battery sealed up in there . lol ! Just like a disposable flashlight , this is a disposable thermostat .
 Where do I begin ? With it 's inaccurate thermometer ? With it 's ridiculously inadequate screw terminals for the wall wires that a breath would dislodge and that one would need a magnifying glass to deal with ? -LRB- You need jewelers screwdrivers for this ! -RRB- Or with it 's inscrutable wall mount plate ? Perhaps I do n't have to begin at all because I 'm finished with Honeywell . Very often , difficulties with installation come from not reading directions . I took the time to read the directions and an installation that should have taken 10 or 15 minutes - took me nearly twice that long.My advice
 Folks , stay away from this , I have bought it and installed 3 different units in the span of 1 day -LRB- 3 separate purchases and returns to local Home Depot -RRB- and all were defective , with the third one I also picked up a 3M brabnd thermostat unit , and it worked , I even called a Honeywell customer support , they guided me thru troubleshooting points and the rep said himself , that it ids a defective unit . Lost 7 hours of my time to realize to buy a different brand . the inevitable conclusion-inferior outsorced - to - China - product .
 My mistake I guess , for not buying digital . I demand high tolerance indicators in everything I am reading in life.I returned this thermostat because it was indicating 3 + degrees low . I would expect a 1-2 degree tolerance , but when compared to 2 known digital accurate indicators it was low . The Honeywell website product details states `` Precise Temperature Control - + / -1 F accuracy for maximum comfort '' . Actually , this does not say thermometer accuracy or tolerance . I call the Honeywell tech support , and he first stated 1-2 degrees , but when I told him mine was 3 degrees low , he backed off , and started explaining that the temperature control was more accurate , and tried to tell me that 3 degrees was OK . WTF?He recommended the digital RTH111b if I wanted more accuracy . I have found the RTH111b for a little less money from the same store .
 I bought one of these to replace an old Honeywell round . It is so inaccurate even the thermometer in the bottom part does not register right . Probably because there is no vent for the room air to enter the unit to sense the degrees . Honeywell should recall these units before their reputation is trashed , as this crap should be !!
 I purchased this thermostat back when I bought my house . I replaced an old Honeywell round mercury switch thermostat . This one is difficult to see in the dark , so the light comes in handy . I have found it to be very inaccurate . The GasPack unit actually goes into overheat protect and shut off because this will run and run and run . Same thing in the summer with cooling , only it doesnt overheat.If I set it for 70 and the house is at 65 it will overheat when it reaches 70 . In the summer it will show 80 for room temp and 80 for set point yet run for over 5 minutes and never change . Then it finally shuts off but turns it back on in 2 minutes . I didnt have these issues with the mercury switch thermostat
 This by far the biggest piece of garbage I have bought . The programmability part of the thermostat is nice , but the ability to gauge temperature is down right horrible . I have it set to 80 during the day when I 'm at work . I 've come home during the middle of the day to find it be low 70s in the house while the thermostat reads 80ish . At nights it is set to be around 72 while on a thermometer it will be anywhere from 65 up to 78 . It is supposed to adapt to know how long to run the A/C to reach the desired temperature based on time of day . It has only adapted to becoming a nightmare . I 'll never buy one of these units again .
 the cover says it handles outside power source , but service hotline was not helpful.the instruction is the same thickness as the thermostate
 It is very easy to install . But we have a new house and it replaced a basic digital thermostat . The BIG annoying factor is the intuitive program that calculates how long it takes to heat or cool , so therefore it has it to the desired temp for the designated time . BUT for me , I wanted to save money so I want it off during the day and off at night . But I find that it is on for HOURS before it is supposed to turn on . I wished it was simpler and would turn on when I want it and be off when I want it . It 's not saving me a dime in my utilities . Do n't get it unless you do n't care about your money.It is very easy to setup , and is VERY easy to use .
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 The Glass was chipped where you have a second hole for heat to release . It looked like it was shot with a BB Gun . The Center whole was not in the Center it was off to the side so the bottom Final was off center . Made in China but sold to Americans by Americans . Not worth the time sending it back . I will not buy from Amazon.com LLC again as they do not check the quality of what thye sell !
 Item came in damaged . Vendor contacted by e-mail about how everything was with product . I let them know my concerns . Never receieved e-mail back . To cheap of a product to waste my time with .
 Here 's the bottom line
 cheaply designed . It is not stable on the floor . Had a small crack when I received it . Will look for a better one .
 This lamp was hard to assemble when I purchased it , and the light shades did not fit into the fixtures . After a few uses , the shades became brittle and shattered . I will never buy this lamp again , and I strongly advise others not to waste their money on it .
 Horrible ! Go to Target or Walmart ! This lamp is the worst piece of junk ever created !!! I would n't even get it for free!Overall
 When you buy a cheap lighting product , you pretty much expect something to be wrong with it out of the box . This one , though , takes the cake . First , it buzzes loudly whenever turned on . Second , the stand is made of a flimsy quasi-tinfoil material that wobbles and seems unable to support its own weight . It 's been three days since we 've had it , and it 's already bowed . Third , the cans which hold the lightbulbs are horribly flimsy plastique and do n't correctly align with the bulb-stands . The joint-grooves of the cans are somehow already stripped , causing one of the three lights to point limply at the ground.So , we bought junk knowing it was junk . But somehow , this remarkable confluence of such multiple levels of shoddy craftsmanship still managed to surprise us . Possibly the worst product ever constructed by sober or at least light-responsive vertabrates.Well played , Grandich Corp !
 THIS IS A NO `` QUALITY lAMP '' -- SAVE YOUR MONEY-SPEND A LITTLE MORE & GET SOMETHING THAT WORKS-REVIEWS BEFORE ME HAVE SAID IT ALL-THIS CERTAINLY BRINGS A NEW MEANING TO THE WORD `` CHEAP '' ALONG WITH NO QUALITY ---------- YOU LIVE & LEARN IF YOU 'RE LUCKY-THANKS
 I had this lamp less than 3 hours and it broke . The shades are flimsey . Now only one light will turn on . Do not get this product . Totally not worth it .
 I buy lots of stuff online , but usually do n't bother leaving reviews . But I 've had enough of this lamp , and right now was the last straw
 I ordered three of these lamps and 2 were broken . They are not durable enough to be shipped .
 This product is constructed of cheap plastic ... shades , joints , everything ! The post does not assemble correctly and therefore leans or tilts to the side . The tiny lightweight base does not adequately support the top heaviness of the lamp and the entire lamp easily falls over . The lamp head joints do not swivel without out force which will crack them . The lamp shades do not stay on , and upon one of my attempts to replace the lamp shade , my hand was cut on the sharp plastic edges . This product should be taken off the market . It is a FIRE and CHILD SAFETY HAZARD !
 Garbage light . I am not hard on my stuff . The pivot points are so poorly designed that should you actually adjust your lights on a semi-regular basis it will break . After the 2nd one broke in the same exact way I knew it was just a poor design . The plastic ring where the arms of the light go into the pole actually split down the side so despite no matter how much glue , epoxy or duck tape you use , it 's just not enough . At least in my experience . Besides , this is in the dining room . Who want 's a frankenlamp ? My advice ? One that 's metal . Or at least not the cheapest floor lamp out there . I totally got what I paid for . A temporary fix to lighting my apt . I have one light left on this thing . At least that 's firmly attached . The other 2 are still technically there . Just broken hanging off the side .
 Shades were difficult to put on . I had purchased a similiar lamp from Target , so did n't think this lamp would be a problem putting together . I was wrong . For some reason , the plastic shades did n't fit good into the sockets -LRB- not sure what to call it . -RRB- And worse , I went into my daughter 's room -LRB- it is her lamp -RRB- and found one of the shades had melted - causing three large circular areas of melted plastic and some of the melted plastic went on to the bulb . I took the bulb out of that socket and am not using it , in case it is a fire hazard .
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 this company was a good company to do business with had no problems with them , but the product was made out of cheap materials that were weak
 Update
 This product is listed as six drill bits . It is only one . Do not buy this product . Again , do not buy this product , it is not what is listed .
 The one I had previously -LRB- a freebie from a distributor -RRB- would light only if very close , this was useful if you have several wires to determine which ones are hot . This unit starts glowing 6 to 12 inches from a hot wire so it 's impossible to discriminate which wires are hot .
 UNIT DID NOT WORK . WANTED ME TO PAY TO SHIP BACK UNIT , WHICH I DO N'T THINK WAS FAIR . WILL NOT BE DOING FUTURE BUSINESS HERE !
 Purchased these Lifetmaster remotes and found out they were from 2004 , where the new ones you can push two remotes together and they will program the other Lifetmaster to be exactly like the other ones but when the garage company came out he said oh where did you find these old things and even though we still used them I was disappointed to find out they were old technology and have come much farther with this product and had to pay for a longer hourly rate to have it programed due to them being old : -LRB-
 I ordered Thexton since I 've had good luck with their tools , but the pliers were ground extremely bad , the person that ground the angle has one side much thicker than the other side which is very thin ! They still can be used to remove a hose , but I wo n't put junk in my tool box so I ordered a set of three by Pittsburg Tool from Harbor Freight for $ 15.00 and they all were in perfect shape . Hard to believe , but true . I would never pick these off a shelf to buy for sure . Also it would be nice to state the size they are which is the bigger hoses such as heater hose 5/8 -3 / 4 or larger since they are made in a set of three sizes for smaller hoses also . The picture looked like they were 1/2 '' . I ordered these from amazon.com which I 'm sure they 'd take back , but not worth the trouble . I 'm also sure that Thexton does n't have this quality control every time.I 'm just the lucky person this time .
 Great price , but wrong product . I ordered 3-pack of 1/8 '' cutter with 1/8 '' shank , and I received a 3-pack of 3/32 '' cutter with 1/8 '' shank . Do not order this product if you need 1/8 '' cutter!Additional note
 I bought this nice looking utility fan for my 2-car garage . Special-ordered from Lowes for the same price listed here.The motor is n't reversible . A very bulky 5-speed wall switch is included in the box . Fan comes with a 1/2 '' x 12 '' downrod and j-hook mounting bracket . The j-hook wo n't accomodate a wireless controller , and it offsets the downrod from the center of the fan box . The offset was pretty noticeable since I used a surface-mount fan box . I suppose I could replace the j-hook with a universal ball and ball hanger to fix that.Anyway , the reason I decided to take this back to Lowes is that it just does n't move a lot of air . If I am directly beneath the blades on the highest setting , I feel a light breeze . If I step anywhere outside the 56 '' diameter of the fan , I do n't feel anything - although it sounds like it 's blowing a lot of air . I guess the problem is the shape and pitch of the blades . They look almost flat and parallel.I replaced this fan with a Hampton Bay 60 '' Industrial fan , and the difference is night and day -LRB- and $ 10 cheaper -RRB- . Of course it 's a bigger fan , but I still expected more from a 56 '' , as my garage is 18.5 ' x 20 ' .
 I have n't received my product yet hug h hhhh . H h h h uh h h h h h h u h h u h h u u
 I can see this pulling nails fine but I bought it for end cutting and it 's terrible at this . The blade is dull ; dull in fact to the point that it 's hardly even a blade at all . The casting of the tool is poor . The cutters do n't close evenly , there is a large gap on one side .
 ordered a twin pack . Arrived in a small brown box with two small tags on it indicate `` Indoor/Outdoor Light Timer '' . However , it 's clearly stated in the first line on operation guide that it 's `` Indoor use only '' . It 's also stated to be applicable 0C ~ 55C -LRB- 32F ~ 131F -RRB- so I ca n't use it to control the Christmas decoration in my front yard at all!More than that , I found 1 of the 2 timers are actually dead out of box!If you want to feel safe and ease while your Christmas decoration is controlled by a timer , go get better one .
 Advertised as a set of heavy-duty indoor/outdoor timers , instruction number one states the timer is for indoor use only . There is a strong warning about getting the product wet . The product is manual not digital . It uses tabs you flip up to set . It says it may be used with a 10 or 15 amp outlet . It will accept a three-pronged plug . I just got it , so I ca n't comment on how well they work .
 piece of trash . Do n't buy them .1 . the title says ` indoor/outdoor ' , but the included manual says ` indoor only ' 2 . it is very loud3 . after one month , one of them stopped working . after 3 months , the other one died as wellInstead , go to walmart and buy BRINK timers . They have high quality mechanical type timers for less than $ 7 that has grounded plug , LED on/off indicator , and 15 min on/off adjustments .
 This clamp is painted orange to look like a Jorgensen Bar Clamp - it is NOT ! DO NOT BE FOOLED !
 I purchased this several months ago and have used it quite a bit . I had n't used all the chippers at one time until the other day . When I attempted to use the chipper I had n't used before the hole is not round , its oval , so it does n't fit on the saw . Next , one of the chippers broke . The blade part , which is welded on flew off . I mainly used this with plywood and used my Forrest for other wood . I have to say , there is no comparison between the two in quality and cut . ** update ** I still agree with my review but about a year ago I read an article praising the CMT Dado . I use them all the time and they work great and much cheaper than these things .
 I have n't even been able to try this set yet . First set came with shims all rusted together plus some rust deposits behind the outside cutter teeth . When spending $ 200 on a dado set you expect the condition to be pristine . Replacement set was sent and had even more rust deposits than the first.Spoke to a foreign based cs agent who said that all they could do is offer a refund on the set . I asked why it was n't possible to check the replacement set before being sent that it was free of the rust . Did n't get satisfactory response.I 'm sure that this set works really nicely per the `` FW '' review , but do n't want to start off with a rusted set and have to buy third party shims .
 JAN. 2012 UPDATE
 I agree with the previous reviewer . The multitude of sizes is terrific - the case is an abomination . Most of the little plastic tabs that hold the keys in place were broken off on arrival . Several more have broken since I started using the set . This makes it impossible to use the case to keep the keys organized . If you purchase this set , plan on devising an alternate means to store the keys .
 I ordered this product and received a different manufacture 's edge banding -LRB- band it is the company whose product I received not Freud -RRB- . I did n't care really who made it as long as I liked it . Well about twenty feet into the roll the glue simply stopped working . I was in the middle of ironing the edge band on a board and half way through it simply stopped being adhesive . I un-rolled another 20 or 30 feet and tried it and it will not stick . I have not been able to contact the seller because -LRB- maybe it 's my fault -RRB- but I can not find any information regarding who the the seller is . So I am not happy because I received a different name product than what I ordered and it does not work . -LRB- although I was very happy with the first twenty feet or so -RRB- . I hope to get this resolved but at the moment I do not know who to contact .
 Very nice appearing stacked dado set in a nice box ... but , no where in the product info does it mention that the arbor hole size is 1 inch . All the product info for the 6 - and 8-inch dado sets mention that they are for 5/8 inch arbors , but strangely nothing about the arbor size when describing the 10-inch dado set .
 case cracked , two of the drivers were pulled from their handles , did n't return it because my son decided he could use it - poor quality . Do n't buy it .
 What can you really expect from a screwdriver set that 's so inexpensive . I like to give good reviews but this is one of those times where I just ca n't . When I received the toolset , the first two watches i tried to unscrew , broke the screwdriver . The quality of this product is not very good . You 're better off spending extra money and purchasing a more quality product .
 I hate losing my screw drivers and tools . My friends get them mixed up or use the wrong ones . So these kits are the one thing that keep me from loosing my tools and keep me and friends from using the wrong sized tools.I was working on a plastic gear shifter for a racing game , when 2 of these screw drivers from the kit broke.I already have had the larger philips heads stripped from normal wear and tear which is not a sign that this is a good quality product . Then when unscrewing a screw from a piece of plastic while working on the above mentioned gear shifter , i had 2 of the flat head screw drivers come loose on me.So now i have 2 ruined screw drivers , and 2 others that are useless because the head spins around and the grip just freely spins around it.Only buy this product if you have the money to throw away or for some reason cant find another kit to buy.Again this is a poor quality set , buyers beware .
 Kit is junk . one of the nut drivers did n't have the opening broached into the blank so it is not useful . some of the tools are cocked in the handle making them useless . This is typical imported junk that can not be used .
 I would say its not worth the time it takes to write this review ... 1 -RRB- the case
 This set is a box of useless trash . Amazon , you should n't allow this sub-quality crap on your site . It is bad for business .
 i admit i purchased this set of screwdrivers because they were cheap . upon arrival , many of the screwdrivers were bent and unusable . the whole thing has a really cheap feel to it . i returned it to amazon .
 I bought this set of small `` precision '' screwdrivers to do detail work on electronics and RC vehicles . When I opened the package , I noticed that a large chunk was broken out of the case . It can be glued , but the packaging needs more padding . The real problem came when I noticed the smaller screwdrivers and one of the nutdrivers were all bent at the neck . Also , the 2.5 mm hexdriver was missing . Instead , there is a second small phillips screwdriver . And there is also an extra small screwdriver that does n't have a slot - just got thrown in , I guess . Overall , you get what you pay for . I was looking for a cheap set , and I found a cheap set .
 I ordered this product because it wanted to repair glasses that use tine hex nuts . The product shows that it has hex nut wrenches of a variety of sizes . The Female hex nut wrenches -LRB- there are only three -RRB- only go as small as 3mm . There are symbols for hex nuts that go as low as 1.5 mm ... which is what I needed , but these are male wrenches . Completely unusable.The box is weak plastic that will fall apart . There were metal shavings in it when it arrived . The photo shows the drivers neatly aligned , but this only happens if the box stays still ans the blister packaging does not hold the drivers in place .
 While the screw drivers are certainly functional and small , the plastic packaging is a joke . Rather than having slots to securely hold the tools , it is a clear plastic insert inside the already poor case . If I did n't need the small screw drivers so bad I would have returned this in a heartbeat .
 The case was all cracked up in multiple places . All the tools inside were present , but the case is useless now .
 It would make much more sense if there was 2mm nut driver instead of 5mm . Have those people ever tried their product ? To unscrew 5mm with this narrow handle ? It frustrates when people sell scrap they would never use by themselves . Stop pollute planet!Ok , specifically
 You 're better off using a kitchen knife than buying this useless set of screw drivers . I wo n't even unscrew the easiest of screws because they are n't long enough at the tip . Completely garbage . You can save money getting a different set that actually works .
 I intended to use them to dismantle cellphones , but up till now -LRB- almost 2 months after getting them -RRB- they have served for other purposes . I still ca n't get any of the cellphones open . I think that they are not a complete set of precision screw driver . Maybe you should make more information available to customers . But the quality of the product is good anyway .
 Do not buy this set . Each screwdriver is too thin to effectively unscrew a stuck screw . You need a screwdriver with a thicker handle and made of a good material in those cases .
 Do not buy these , you 'll just end up returning them-like I did . 75 % of the pieces did not rotate on center , which makes the tool useless .
 One of my digital camera 's broke and so I am looking everywhere for a screwdriver that can open the small screws . I learned that not all screwdrivers are the same . See , for the smaller screwdrivers , the 1mm , the tips need to be a really thin edge . This is so the screwdriver can make it into the slots of the screw . The edges on these drivers are very blunt . Because of this , it does n't turn the screw . I bought these and a $ 2 set from Frys . Same problem.This is not a very good screwdriver set , at least not a very good precision screwdriver set . Save yourself !
 Very poor quality but I should have known by the price . I was looking for a micro socket wrench and the ones included did not even contain the size I needed . Very disappointed .
 These are cheapo tools . Save your money and get a better grade of metal tools . These tools are made of soft metal that will strip and round out after a few uses . I guess you get what you pay for . Not good for RC hobby !
 Fragile plastic container . Poor latching mechanism . Very poor quality tools . A WASTE of Money!Would not recommend . Better quality set at Walmart for less money .
 I just could n't believe it . Out of 16 screwdrivers , 12 had blades bent out of vertical alignment . One , in particular , was bent at least 15 degrees out of vertical alignment ! They are useless for the precision work that I do.Why were they ever sent at all?I am sending them back to Amazon.Amazon gets 5 stars for its return policy . They do things right .
 This , so called , `` Precision Screwdriver Set '' is made so poorly that I ca n't even believe that I purchased it . Many of the screwdrivers are n't even straight ! Now that 's precision ! They seem to be put together with glue ! On some , the `` chrome '' finish is flaking off -LRB- note this is brand new out of the box -RRB- . And I literally * just * opened the set , and the case is already broken , too!It is a terrible shame what passes for acceptable nowadays . On the box , Fuller Tools brags about their `` lifetime guarantee '' with their statement
 mug and bits are both crap . Bits all broke and mug leaks out the lid and bottom . Not a good buy .
 Lisle 43300 Pneumatic Fan Clutch Wrench Set - 8 PieceI 'm pissed off , the 41mm , 42mm wrenches are not included as stated in the add .
 I tried this drill for installing metal siding and roofing . The first one lasted 2 weeks and the second lasted 1 week . The switch to change from high to low speed died on both . I then spent another 20 dolars and bought the Makita 14.4 volt . 1 year later it is still going strong . I also bought the Dewalt palm sander with the variable speed and the VS switch lasted 6 months before it died . The good news is that I bought the drils at Home Depot and they replaced them with out question .
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 We got everything set up real nice and the deer fence was almost invisible.Our garden had been growing really well when I got a call from the neighbour that the deer were in our garden.We now have wire around our garden.Not as pretty , but deer proof.The netting did n't keep the deer out .
 This product is not nearly strong enough to deter deer from entering our property . The deer have a tendancey to nudge the barrier , which causes the netting to break where it is tied to the posts . Wind also causes the netting to break at the ties . Ultimately , with enough breaks , the netting will sag and no long be a barrier to keeping the deer out.I am currently looking for something a lot stronger .
 This may keep deer away but it is way too hard to put up . It clings to EVERYTHING - grass , hats , glasses . twigs . You name it and it will get caught in it . I never could get it straight and in place .
 This stuff is incredibly thin . And I ca n't quite understand all of the great reviews , especially the ones that suggest that this stuff is easy to work with . They must have incredible patience , or were n't expecting much . -LRB- I bought a heavier version of this type netting previously , and had a pretty good idea what I was getting . -RRB- It is hard to work with -LRB- do n't wear anything with buttons -RRB- because it 's so light and catches on everything . I ca n't imagine using it for fencing - I drape it over azaleas , etc. . I think it discourages the deer , because otherwise , they 'd certainly be able to chew right through it . I note that nowhere on the package does it give any indication of how thick the plastic is . That 's because it 's almost not there .
 I bought this netting to keep deer out of recently planted garden area . I put it up Saturday . On Sunday , I had small birds stuck in the netting . They were unable to get out , and their struggling caused them to become very entwined . Fortunately , I was able to cut them out of the netting . While it worked for the deer , I really do not want to harm other wildlife , which is why this product is only receiving one star . I took it down immediately and purchased wire fencing from Home Depot . It cost twice as much , but I am just not ok with wildlife being trapped in netting material for the sake of a few flowers . I really do not recommend using this .
 You may get 95 pieces but many of them are the same . For example , there are 6 screwdriver bits that you get qty 5 of each - that counts as 30 pieces right there but there are only 6 unique pieces . You can get these bits dirt cheap at any home improvement store by the bucket . They should disclose the exact contents on the ad . Also , there are no masonry bits . It comes with the rapid changer but most of the drill bits are standard ones that wo n't fit in the changer . Do n't buy this !
 Although this is touted 95 pieces and may sound a lot , what you get is not really all that useful . There are tons of screwdriver bits , what for ? How many of us really switch out screwdriver bits every time we use a different screw ? I can understand having 3 each for slotted and philips , but not in the 10s . Also , the quality seems cheap . Having this for 2 weeks , I already have some rusts on the converter bit , even though this never touched any water . Also , this kit comes with a set of square drive bits but not hex or torx drive bits . HOW OFTEN DO YOU USE SQUARE BOLTS ??? The socket selction is minimal , and the drill bits seem cheezy too . This is a $ 20 set at best , you pay $ 20 extra for DeWALT logo and a decent case.I am so glad Amazon reminded me to review this item so I can let it out . Where does one find quality tools nowadays ?
 I 'll start with the good . I like the case , and the Philips and Flat head bits were decent . But you can get those in any $ 10 set . The drill bits were complete garbage . I used the set for 1 week and broke 2 drill bits . They just ripped apart . Now , I had this very very cheap Black and Decker drill set before this , and that lasted over 2 years!I have been extremely dissapointed by this set and refuse to buy any DeWalt accessories from this point on.However , I have used the DeWalt compressors and nail guns . I do like those and they seem to build power tools well . However , with sets like this I am extremely surprised how poor the quality of the bits are . Save yourself $ 40 and buy something else .
 Although this is touted 95 pieces and may sound a lot , what you get is not really all that useful . There are tons of screwdriver bits , what for ? How many of us really switch out screwdriver bits every time we use a different screw ? I can understand having 3 each for slotted and philips , but not in the 10s . Also , the quality seems cheap . Having this for 2 weeks , I already have some rusts on the converter bit , even though this never touched any water . Also , this kit comes with a set of square drive bits but not hex or torx drive bits . HOW OFTEN DO YOU USE SQUARE BOLTS ??? The socket selction is minimal , and the drill bits seem cheezy too . This is a $ 20 set at best , you pay $ 20 extra for DeWALT logo and a decent case .
 I was anxious to get my horse weight because I have a with a murmur and the vet wanted me to get a hundred poiunds on her . Her weight at that time was 900 lbs . I worked very hard to get weight on her and when the tape came the instructions had been cut off during manufacturing . What a huge disappointment . I had to put my horse on a trailer and take her to the vet to have her weight checked . I threw the tape away .
 I just purchased a Wadsworth 2 Pole 20 AMP breaker . It 's new , but it came without the setscrews to tighten down the feed wires ... . so someone bought it , took out the screws , returned it , it got put back on the shelf . It 's unusable , a very expensive paper weight .
 I am a framing contractor and use a saw all day long . Some of these blades have made my circular saw wobble . I tried the blades in two different saws and they did the same thing . I would spend a little more and buy a better quality blade -LRB- I like the freud -RRB- .
 Thinking it would have the 1/2 '' shaft I bought this bit for use in a router with 1/2 '' chuck . When it arrived I was surprised to see it comes with a 3/8 '' shaft . Something is wrong here . The bit is probably good , but ca n't use it now.The other review is therefor misleading .
 It cut fast and neat , but it does n't make the hole the size it says it does . I 'm really disapointed on the product .
 Ordered this based on the picture , seeing that it appeared to match up perfectly with the Amerock hinge that I was trying to replace . Pulled one hinge out and tried on cabinet door . It matched up with the previously drilled holes with plastic inserts . However , the overlay did not match up perfectly with the other hinge on the door that was not broken -LRB- unable to adjust it to match -RRB- . So I decided to just change out both hinges , but when I pulled out the second hinge the holes were towards the back of the hinge instead of being towards the front of the hinge like on the first one . One package , two different hinges ! So now I will be ordering again , hoping that I get at least one hinge that looks like the picture !
 Had to order two sets of hinges to get a complete set . Had two different hinges in each package . I guess that QC person had a rough night before he came to work that day !
 Very bad product . Not work . The company say that is a new tecnologic but is not a good equipment . I will not buy again .
 I was really excited to have a plunge drill . The concept sounded great . The tool store I shop told me it is made by a company from down under.Upon purchase , I found out it is made is China . The drill is very heavy and when it comes to power it does not come close to other expensive drills . The first time I tried to use it I found the plunge locking clamp to be very stiff . So I used a pair of pliers to gently tighten it and it broke instantly . It seems to be made of pot metal . There is a lot of thin plastic on the body also . One of the batteries would not charge when I first brought it home . I left it alone and the next day it started charging on its own.I would have expected more for the money . Great concept but poor manufacturing .
 Battery charging is a nuisance in that you must power down/power up the charger prior to recharging a battery . Since there 's no power switch on the charger this can only be accomplished by unplugging waiting 10 seconds and replugging the charger . On top of this , the batteries give very short run time and a full charge barely lasts 2 days when left unused in the drill . The LED is easily turned on with the user being unaware and will run down the battery in a short time . Drill works great , batteries/charger do not .
 I purchased this item to drill out a snapped bolt on my Jeep Wrangler frame .1 minute after setting this into my drill the bit snapped in half . I used only a light amount of applied pressure since I was still trying to align it to the bolt hole without scratching the surrounding paint . I was shocked . I got zero use out of this item and it snapped immediately .
 I bought these and it was a big mistake . I needed a 2.5 mm bit to install some Blum drawer slides -LRB- it was Blum 's specification -RRB- and wanted to avoid the solution most other companies were offering , using a 3/32 '' bit , which is slightly smaller . That said , these bits broke immediately . One broke while I was tightening the chuck . The other broke on the second hole I drilled . I switched to the 3/32 '' inch , drilled dozens of holes without a problem , and the drawer slides still work perfectly . Perhaps these bits are n't designed to be used with a hand-held drill , I ca n't really tell , but I really regret buying these . I 'm not only out the $ 20 + I spent for 2 bits , I 'm out the time I spent waiting for these to arrive .
 I make bed frames , production-style , for a living . I drill lots of 1 inch diameter holes to countersink the bolt heads that hold the rails on so I figured that it would make sense to get a carbide Forstner bit since it would last practically forever compared to the regular steel bit I use.I used this bit once and then put it away because it left a terrible , jagged edge on the hole and seemed to tear , rather than cut the wood fibers . I 'm giving it two stars because the wood I use is fir which is quite prone to having long fibers tear all over the place so it 's likely that this bit works great with hardwoods and the like , but really , my regular steel Forstner bit cuts a MUCH cleaner hole than this fancy-pants carbide door stop . Your mileage may vary .
 I bought a set of these using a amazon $ 20 gift certificate so I thought I would be getting a great deal . The knives I received were so dull I could run my fingers across them length wise and not even start to cut my skin . I returned them and ended up being charged for the return shipment . No bargan here . I ended up with no knives and being out $ 10.00 I do n't know if this was just a bad set or they had been damaged at some point as they were out of their Freud box but still wrapped in the protective paper inside the Amazon box . I will be buying a set of Amana from a local supplier . They will cost more but at least I know that they will be sharp .
 I ordered Freud co12 planer knives they came 12inch long not 13inch like the ads says . I called Freud Mfg. they said they do n't make a 13 `` x7/8 `` x1/8 '' planer knives just 12inch long in that size .
 Last June 09 I ordered this item from Amazon . I notice today that they no longer offer this item directly . After waiting four months , during which time Amazon was very helpful by notifying me that they could not obtain the product for shipment , I took the `` cancel the order '' option Amazon offered me . At that time there was no other source offered on Amazon . I called Jessum directly , and they told me that the blank insert rings were in stock and would be happy to sell them to me . The price was slightly higher and there would be a `` small shipping charge '' of several dollars . I placed the order . The price I paid was $ 24.99 for the rings , and $ 17.68 for shipping !! To add insult to injury ; Jessum is a Canadian company , and my credit card company charged me a `` foreign transaction fee '' !! Win some , lose some . I have a Jessum lift , but I will never purchase another item from them .
 This is by far , the worst forstner I have ever owned , It dulled immediately and diamond hones fail to bring it back .
 Avoid Litex products , including Ellington Fans , if you care about customer service . They are horrible . I bought a fan , remote control , and wall control -LRB- to work together -RRB- from a dealer , Derrick Associates in Maryland . The dealer did not tell me the two controls were incompatible , and no info on the Litex site said so . The electrician told me . When I tried to return , they refused , then relented if I accepted a % 25 restocking fee . I refused.I called Litex and got a Sales Manager named David . He sounded very helpful but was a liar , promising to send a new wall control that was compatible . It 's been three weeks and nothing . I 've left FOUR voice messages for him and sent FOUR emails over the three weeks . Silence . He blew me off.I will never buy one of their items again . If this fan breaks , I know they wo n't do anything about it . If you buy their items , you are on your own .
 Very slow cutting . Must be brought down very gently or will catch . Tended to loosen in the chuck .
 the other reviewer is overly optimistic if he hopes it will last . bought one last week and loved how well and evenly it watered . on the 2nd day of use -LRB- we 're talking 1 hour/day -RRB- , it started `` sticking '' , i.e. it would oscillate to one side , and stick there for a while , after a few seconds it would start to move again . by the 3rd use , it would n't oscillate at all.so i got a replacement . within 5 minutes it was stuck on one side , not moving at all . when i picked it up to take a look at it , water was pouring out of the bottom -LRB- not the hose connection at the back , but literally the bottom of the unit -RRB- . i got mine at home depot ... it was the most expensive unit they sell -LRB- outside of the travelling sprinklers -RRB- . i bought another brand , but if that does n't work , i 'll break down and buy the $ 50 gardena sprinkler from amazon .
 These sprinklers used to work very well . . lasting a couple of seasons . The ones I purchased this year did not work from the start !!!!
 I hope it was just a fluke , but my first unit only lasted 3 months of light use before the gears stripped out and it stopped turning . Hopefully the second unit I bought at the same time -LRB- just started using it this year -RRB- lasts a little longer.I originally bought this because of the high quality construction , it looked like it would last a long time . Mine has an aluminum enclosure that has screws so it can be taken apart . I took it apart only to find everything in a non serviceable plastic gear box . This was a big waste of money because it was much more expensive than a cheap oscillator and did n't last as long.The reason I gave it two stars instead of one is that it does do a good job watering with nice even flow and adjustable width . The adjustable width does n't make it much wider or narrower , but is still useful . If you want to water a slightly longer area , close all the valves and there is slightly higher water pressure so the water can go a little further out . If you open all the valves it will shorten the area , but be a little wider at the same time .
 I purchased this sprinkler about 4 days ago . Tonight I look out and it is stuck to one side . I played around with it for a while , it would sweep back and forth two or three times than stick again . This is a horrible product !
 these knives dulled after only taking 1/16 off of 100 or less bf of hard maple . delta knives were doing 350 to 450 bf of hard maple . I will have them sharpened and hope for improvement but I doubt it .
 I just hate it when they put in the description that they are color coded and have arrows and you get them no Arrows Not color coded , no markings at all , so it looks like I have two cold water fittings . Now I will have to search the internet to figure it out no thanks to Camco . I would expect this from a Chinese company NOT an American company Shame on you .
 This heat trap works only OK . I installed them on my 45 gallon hot water tank , hoping to reduce the heat loss through the pipes . But after I install them , the pipes above the trap still feel hot to the touch . This type of heat trap has a plastic flapper inside , with clearance all around it . So it does n't really seat completely . The flapper moves in both directions depending the direction of water flow . But nothing really forces the flapper back to closed position when the water stops flowing , not gravity -LRB- it weighs nothing -RRB- , no spring . It can just hang open . It 's not the best choice for traping the heat . If I need heat traps again I would buy the ball-type heat trap instead .
 These blades are so dull , I could n't even cut my finger with these . I contacted Freud directly about it and all I received was `` thats our blade thats how they come . If you do n't like it you should return them to where you bought them . We do n't get any complaints about our blades `` Umm YES you do get complaints because I was complaining with him right then . The dull blades I am replacing are sharper than these brand new Freud blades and Freud has ZERO concern.These are terrible .
 I bought 2 sets of blades from Powertec and this set here from freud thinking the c400 would be a performance upgrade boy was I wrong the powertec blades were not only 10 times sharper out of the box they are outlasting the Freud blades by a mile I should have sent them back out of the box , they were dull out of the box nothing here has been pre honed .
 Let me start off by saying that this is the first set of jointer knives I have ever bought so the issues I have may be just normal for all jointer knives . That being said , I 'm really unimpressed with these Frued knives and will not buy them again . The first thing I noticed is that they were not sharp . They were so dull that I could run my thumb up and down the cutting edge and they would n't cut . On the back side of the edges were some healthy burs . So I thought that I would fix them up by polishing the backs and remove the bur . This is when I discovered that not only were the knives dull , but the blades have a significant bow across the back side of the cutting edge . I discovered this when I was flattening the backs and only the ends of the knife were making contact with my stone . To make sure my stone was n't warped I checked the blades against my new engineering square and sure enough the blades are warped -LRB- some more than others mind you -RRB- . For a third check , I held two knives back to back and could see daylight across most of the cutting edge where the bow from both knives was magnified . The only justification I can come up with regarding this is that Frued expects the knives to be in tension when in the cutter head so the bow is not an accident . Never the less , I don ' t think that there is any justification for why the knives were as dull as they were .
 Hi , My son bought a box of 6-inch Freud jointer knives -LRB- item C350 -RRB- for a weekend project . We installed them and they cut more poorly than the dull ones we replaced . They were not sharp , one edge was rolled , one edge had a valley in it . One knife was bowed . Just a mess . Took them to a sharpening shop today and owner said he would do his best to correct them . We were very disappointed to receive what amounts to bar stock with a bevel .
 Bought these knive to replace the ones in my ridgid jointer ! right out of the box they had a curl on them and needed to be honed ! Should have sent them back but I needed them immediately . After only an hour or so of use they are completely curled over and so dull they chatter the wood . Very dissapointed in the product , spend the money and get a good set if you plan on using them at all !
 Says right in the description : Durable steel template frame includes tabs for accurate placement on door or jamb.Works on small doors , but the jamb , or the door frame that the door actually hangs on is a different matter . The template has a strike though , that you can clearly see in the picture above , it was intented , i guess to be a `` stop '' for the door , but when using it on the jamb , it stops the template from doing it 's job and that would be to let you route out a matching cut out for the door 's othe hinge flap to fit into , instead it blocks you from doing a jamb cutout , so it will only work on a door , not the casing Jamb.Since i needed it now and did not want to return it , it got out my anvil and mini sledge hammer and knocked the protruding stops flat with the rest of the hinge , and not i can screw or nail it to a jamb and make a perfect cut . Wonder why they did n't think of that . ?????
 The review is based on the Amazon 's service rather than the knives themselves . The knives a the typical high quality from Freud , but I had to wait nearly three months for delivery . I got one message after another from Amazon about the delay with new expected delivery dates , but as the date approached I received another delay notice .
 I have the same complaint . I 've waited three months and just keep getting told , `` there is a delay in shipment '' ... they are just a picture on a website . . they do n't really exist .
 Ordered on May 5 , 2003 . It 's now June 4 , 2003 . Only information available is `` not shipped yet '' . If the item in fact is not available , let the buyer know so that the buyer has the opportunit to contact other suppliers .
 I do not know where I got the idea that these knives were compatible with Delta 4 inch jointers , but they simply do not fit into the head . They are to thick .
 I received my jointer blades today and noticed the edges are defective on two of the three and even a bit rough on the third . There are small nicks along the edges -LRB- slight but noticeable -RRB- . I am replacing the original Jet knives for this very reason . I have two Jet knives that are quite new , and one badly nicked one , so I took the best Freud knife and simply replaced the Jet with it . It 's acceptable I suppose . For the cost , I did n't want to go through the hassle of returning . The difference between the Jet and Freud knives are 5 grams or 1/4 oz . so no biggy as far as balance goes . I would n't recommend their purchase !!
 I was let down by these jointer knives for two reasons
 Chipped edges , but ok for sharpening because they 're flat.Is it too much trouble to get razor sharp knives.Made in Italy !?
 These blades were pathetically dull when I received them . I ordered these blades to have a fresh set of razor sharp knives ready to go to work . Instead , what you receive is a set of three blades the seller picked up from the local metal scrap yard that cut nothing . Had to sharpen them myself just to get a decent result . Ridiculous !
 A good chunk of items in this tool kit i had to throw away because it was worthless . There is a mini vac that really sucks -LRB- no punn intended -RRB- and it gives you a mini flashlight wich is also crappy -LRB- mine never worked in the first place -RRB- . If those items were left out this kit would be amazing as everything else in it is great .
 I bought this tool kit in March , hoping to have a small kit to make minor repairs . Was I ever fooled ! The minature vacuum is only good until you need to empty it as there is no way to get it open . The combo wire cutter and strippers only close to 1/16th of an inch of the arms touching thereby preventing both functions . The open end wrenches still have flashing attached which is secondary to the sloppy fit of them . Actually the only thing that comes close to being right is the screw driver with the multiple tips . Of course do not plan on using the ratchet action of the screw driver . When it comes down to it , the only thing getting screwed is the sucker like me whopurchase this item . Get a Rubbermaid box and fill it up yourself .
 I do n't expect superior quality in these low-priced tool kits , but I was definitely disappointed in this product.The screwdriver is essentially useless . It is a clever design with a swivel head , but poorly designed . It is a challenge to keep the head straight and sturdy when used as an ordinary screwdriver . I ca n't imagine one would fare any better with the head set at a 90 degree angle.I broke down and bought a Klein multi-tip screwdriver as a replacement -- that improved the utility of the kit immensely.The flashlight is useless . In this day and age , a cheapy incandesent flashlight is little more than a toy . A compact LED flashlight would have been a better choice.Overall , if you replace the screwdriver , the kit is serviceable . Otherwise , look elsewhere .
 This product is very cheaply made/designed . The screwdriver wo n't lock into position so it 's useless . The vacuum is not a vacuum at all - it just makes noise but does n't do a thing . Flashlight ? Do n't bother . You would be better off going to a home repair store and buying a screwdriver set , a mini car vac and small maglite . The items that might be worth something are the things that are rarely used in normal pc repair . Do n't waste your money on this kit !
 I 'm surprised at the positive reviews of this toolkit that I 've read here . It 's as if other folks received a different tool kit than the one I got.As another reviewer says , to begin with you can throw away the vacuum , which is too weak to clean even a keyboard - it 's as cheaply made as a toy you might get from a gum machine . Same with the flashlight.The centerpiece of the outfit - the ratcheting screwdriver - is a fiasco . It has a potentially nice feature that lets you change the angle of the ratcheting head , but the feature is so poorly implemented that most of the time the shaft works itself loose - so it jiggles from side to side out of line with the handle - and you have to be constantly retightening a retaining screw in order to use the driver . Within the first three minutes I used this driver , I was longing for an ordinary screwdriver . In addition , there is a plastic screw-cap that holds the end of the ratchet mechanism in place , and it often falls off while you are tightening or loosening a screw . It 's hard to imagine what a frustrating device this is until you 've tried to accomplish something with it.The kit comes with a couple dozen types of driver bits . But why does it have more three-pronged bits -LRB- say wha-a-a-t ? -RRB- than regular Phillips bits ? With only three Phillips bits , you seldom have the right head for the most common type of screws , so it 's easy to strip a screw . -LRB- I 've been using tools like these for thirty years , and know how to tighten a screw properly -RRB- . And , if the screw is at all tight , the bit strips itself very easily - the bits are obviously made of cheap-grade metal , nowhere near professional quality , and not intended for extended use.I have n't had need to use the Allen wrenches , but they appear to be made of cheap chrome-plated metal , instead of the black spring-steel you would find in a similar tool at your local hardware store . The small box wrenches also appear to made of cheaply forged chrome-plated material.This toolkit has all the earmarks of the kind of low-budget set that should sell for less than $ 20 , at the most , or might sell as a `` gift '' item because it has some pretty chromed items and a couple cute -LRB- but useless -RRB- toys with it.If you want a toolkit that you can use for serious work around computers , just pass this one by . I 'm going to see if I can return it , now that I 've seen it in action . Ugh .
 lem me guess . You want to build your own computer and you want to be prepared ? None of this stuff will help you except the screwdriver . Unless you 're into advanced pc stuff -LRB- I still do n't know how it would help -RRB- this is n't for you . Just get a demagnetized screwdriver and a static wrist strap and go slowly !!
 See the attached photo -LRB- when it appears -RRB- to see the problem . A gap in the needle nose pliers that should not be when fully closed .
 These will not fit 8 '' Jet Joiner/Planer as stated . Unfortunately , Amazon does not sell replacement blades for this unit that they sell . So - I can not speak for the quality of these particular blades .
 Ordered some new blades for the old Ryobi , and did n't get around to trying them until the set I was using got a bit dull . Set them up as usual , but after some checking realized they were n't aligned properly . Pulled them out and re-set with the ryobi gauge , but realized one blade could not be set properly , as the slots for the screw holddowns are off -- a lot . Perfectly visible with the naked eye , once you look closely . So much so that it is not possible to adjust correctly . So I have some useless blades and ca n't return them . Very disappointing for Freud stuff , and Amazon 's return policy leaves a lot to be desired . Bottom line , better try and set these up right away and make sure your pair is n't mis-manufactured .
 I have used half a dozen sets of blades and they usually last a year or two . But after a few boards , I planed one with paint . It really tore up the blades.It would be best to have carbide blades , but I have n't found any.I am looking for another planer which can handle better blades .
 Beware of all Jessem products , they have the worst customer service of any company I 've every had to deal with . Tool King even stopped carrying their products because they do not back their products at all , buyer beware .
 I purchased this pump 2 months ago and it now has no pressure . It started out good and was very happy , but now as I 've been on hold for 25min . with Beckett customer service and I am getting very frustrated .
 Bought this pump in May 2011 . Hooked it up for my fountain , who 's previous pump worked for 12 years . This one lasted all of about 6 months . Of course , it was running 3 hours a day!Junk . Less than junk . Worthless . Less than worthless . $ 175.00 + labor WORTHLESS
 Makita 845017-A MFORCE2 Heavy Duty Gloves . The fit is good , snug , comfortable , does n't shift , good grip on most materials and the protection from slivers , either metal or wood and cuts and nicks is tremendous . BUT : : : : :
 I work with wood and metal and usually use leather gloves , but this time I was wearing Makita MFORCE2 gloves . I had just cut a piece of angle iron with my bandsaw and was smoothing the edge on my bench grinder . The metal got hot and melted the glove , which burned the s ** t out of my finger . Worse , I could n't get the glove off very fast because of the velcro strap . For a glove that costs almost ten times as much as leather , I think they are pretty worthless.p.s . do n't try welding with them .
 The item in the illustration shows a 6 '' x 4 '' reducer with a flat-cap transition . I ordered two of these items because I had extremely tight clearances to work with . The items they sent me had a conical transition between the two pipe diameters - which added an extra two and a half inches to the length of each unit . This made the items useless for my needs . For some reason , flat-cap reducers are extremely difficult to find online . I was duped by the misleading photo , and because this seller was so slow to deliver the order , I did n't have time to screw-around with sending it back and waiting another twenty days for a replacement . I finally found what I needed -LRB- the item in the photo -RRB- from another seller , who had it delivered in just three days .
 After spending the money to have an electrician wire this into the dining room , in less than a year -LRB- and we hardly ever use the room -RRB- the fixture has broken where the metal base of the sconce meets the curly support piece . There are wires exposed due to this defect , so not only am I going to have to buy another fixture , I am going to have to pay an electrician again . Very unhappy - cheaply made product . Our last fixture , which was just from some hardware store , lasted over 25 years .
 I purchased this bushing to use on a Craftsman sliding miter saw . I also purchased a brand new Freud blade for the saw . The inside diameter worked fine . But the outside diameter -LRB- OD -RRB- measured 1.004 . The saw blades run between 1.001 and 1.002 . This means that the bushing would not fit in the new Freud blade or the old Craftsman saw blade . I ended up carefully grinding the OD that measured between .998 and 1.000 . I was a machinist in a previous career , and realize the bushing I could be out of round by a few thousands . but it seems to work . What upsets me is that I paid 9 times more than Freud 's competitors bushing . I could have spent 99 cent for a poorly manufactured bushing instead of 9 dollars . Stay away from this bushing .
 This was the only place i could find this item -LRB- at the time ! -RRB- POoR FIT!I was Charged an outrageous price for the shipping of these two items ! -LRB- Charged twice for shipping the two items ! -RRB- They weighed less than a Dime!Could have mailed in an envelope !! I SERIOUSLY DOUBT THAT I WILL EVER USE AMAZON AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!
 This product looks to be a good idea but has a major flaw . This is a one time use item since it ca n't be taken apart to be cleaned.So I think it is overpriced for that experience and borders on being a moneymaking gimmick . Would not buy again , I feel it is a waste of money .
 The picture of the product is not correct . The real product is not of such a sturdy construction . It is not a forged or cast construction , but made fromformed sheet metal.I bought these so I could cut treble hooks -LRB- fishing hooks -RRB- . Well after cutting three 4/0 hooks the jaws show considerable damage , they are not hardened ! Cutting the third hook the handles flexed.Will have to get something that works .
 I got these to cut apart some wire tomato cages and while I was able to get it to work it was quite the struggle . The handles are to thin . I had a indent in my hand after about the 3rd cage that I was cutting . If the handles were thicker so you can really wrap your hand around it they would work way better . I should have spent the extra 15 bucks and got real bolt cutters .
 Dont waste your time even thinking about buying this tool its a stamped sheet metal piece of crap . . not like in the picture above at all
 I bought this because Freud recommended it for doing raised panel door arches/cathedral tops with their wb101 shaper cutters . Well , it 's about a 1/16 of an inch to big . After calling them they explained that it was designed that way to work with templates . Well , that 's the lamest excuse I have ever heard . By it being over sized it changes your radius of your templates . They recommended that I take it to a machine shop and have it milled down . I was thinking about doing this , but I have come to the realization that the wb101 kit just really stinks overall at doing raised panel doors ... For the first time ever I am extremely disappointed with Freud !
 Buyer beware of product description . There is not a magnet anywhere on this item # 39522 1/4 '' drive 9-piece metric nutsetter set . Also , the walls seem a little thin .
 The following problems
 These look good in my kitchen and put out nice under cabinet light , but after 3 years they completely fell apart with the plastic pieces breaking all over and I had to replace them all . Ironically I replaced them with the same exact product , and thus this purchase and review . If you install these , make sure you run the wires so they are easy to snap together new ones when they need to be replaced .
 As soon as I opened the package , I knew these were going back . They were made of plastic and as such , the `` nickel '' finish was a joke . In all fairness , I did not install them , therefore do not know how well they perform . However , fron an aesthetic point of view , there are better products in the same price range .
 This outdoor unit started to rust within a few months of exposure to weather conditions in south Florida . Would not recommend it to anyone . The height of the lamp shines right at eye level making it difficult to see with the glare of the bulb right in your eyes .
 Purchased and put into service July 2010 , burned out -LRB- dramatically -RRB- December of 2010 . ~ 60 % duty cycle -LRB- off overnight -RRB- . Replaced a Lowe 's unit that cost about $ 15 five or six years ago . Will be replaced with a GE unit . I would not recommend this light to anyone expecting more than six months of life .
 These lights use an electronic ballast that is less than perfect . I use them in jewelry cases , and about 25 % of them fail within 6 months . Also , the `` non-yellowing '' lens is not true , the heat yellows the plastic lens fairly quickly . Replacement bulbs will run about $ 8 to $ 10 with shipping , so it 's almost better to toss the entire unit and replace it when the bulbs go . Still cheaper than halogen lighting , but do n't buy it unless you 're able to replace it easily .
 Not every hardware store carries the 16 watt T4 MOL
 It 's not possible for me to properly review this product because I reaally did n't get a chance to use it . During installation the sub-standard screws broke causing the unit to fall and break on my desk . Even after drilling pilot holes the screws were so soft they fell apart . The manufacturer should find a supplier to provide screws that will go through something harder than balsa . Light ended up in the landfill unfortunately .
 After I installed it , it turned on only a few times . What a pain . I had to uninstall it and ship it back . Not recommended .
 Bought this light to replace a similar sized unit . It fit the space very well but only lasted about 6 months until the ballast went bad . When on , both ends of the bulb light up pink-ish . I tried replacing the bulb but it is the ballast that is bad . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The reason I bought this item was only to have a perfect flush fit with the large round corners of the Jessem Lift . Template is 1/4 '' larger than plate . I bought a 3/4 '' OD 1/4 '' ID bearing to make the 1/2 '' straight cutter work.I would prefer the Jessem Lift with rounded corners that match the pattern of a 1/2 '' straight cutter in a rectangular box .
 The air activation button -LRB- under the palm grip lever -RRB- jammed down so that it 's now always on . Not repairable since the body is a block of cast resin . It lasted me 18 months of light use , maybe a total of 3-5 hours use . Not what I 'd expect from an IR tool .
 Owned this orbital sander for 6 months and only used it to sand one car hood during that time . Kept it as clean as you can a sander and oiled it before each use . Set the regulator to the proper air pressure each time I used it . Went to use it again and it has died ; will not do anything . Calling ingersoll rand tomorrow to see if they will cover under warranty . Took the covers off to see if there was something I was missing when I cleaned it after each use -LRB- wipe off and blow with compressed air -RRB- - there was not . Very disappointed .
 The plate was not flat as delivered . It was warped to opposite corners . The spanner wrench for changing the inserts is extremely difficult to remove from the insert.Overall , I will not buy another .
 The sander is ok , but the pad was not included . The item description stated that a pad was included .
 I expected much better from a tool carrying the `` Legendary '' Ingersoll Rand name . It has a voracious appetite for air , runs too loud and vibrates too much to be used for any appreciable time . Honestly , I really hate this tool , especially for the money that was spent on it . I bought much cheaper brands that work very well . After having this for so long its still boxed up and cuss every time I look at it . By the way it is `` Made in China '' so maybe that has something to do with the lack of quality .
 This is an extremely low-powered and inefficient shake flashlight . It takes half a minute of shaking to get half a minute of dull light , so this flashlight has about a 1-to-1 ratio of light time to shake time . At full brightness it 's about half as bright as a small maglite or other mini flashlight.Compared to other shake/crank flashlights , this one is terrible . Other shakers/crankers have upwards of a 20-to-1 ratio of light time to shake/crank time -LRB- in other words , with other -LRB- better -RRB- products you shake/crank it for 1 second and you get 20 seconds of light , rather than the 1 second that this product gives -RRB- . This flashlight 's light quality is poor . It 's a greyish-blue colour -LRB- rather than white or light yellow , like a flashlight should be -RRB- , and the edges of the light is rainbow-coloured . And , the light output power is n't constant , so at first the light is comparatively bright , but then it slowly dims . Other higher quality shake/crank flashlights have built-in circuitry that ensures that the light level is constant for as long as the light is on.This flashlight 's build quality is quite good , but it 's way too heavy for a shake flashlight . It weights about 1.5 lbs , but shake flashlights should n't be any heavier than about 1lb because any more than that and it gets very tiring to shake the flashlight -LRB- which is definitely true with this flashlight -RRB- . On the plus side , this flashlight 's heavy weight does help it to be very rugged.I highly recommend not buying this flashlight . There are much better alternatives out there , many of which are cheaper and have much better features . Overall I recommend avoiding shake flashlights . Although there are much better shakers available than this one , even the best ones do n't compare to the best dynamo crank flashlights in terms of brightness and usage time . Plus , it 's easier to turn a crank than to shake a flashlight .
 The idea of this flashlight was great , in case of emergency you can get a light without worrying about out of battery , but you will need to shake until your hands off in order to get it charge . Imagine if you are in a car and stuck in snow , and you want to use the flashlight to get some notice for help , you can just forget about it , I mean , if you save up the energy you use to get it charged , maybe you can live even longer to wait for help .
 I own a more expensive shake-to-charge flashlight and was intrigued by the Excalibur 's low price . I bought a dozen to give to my friends here in west Africa . Alas , the light emitted , while detectable , was so weak that none found it useful for them . And these are people who have no electricity in their homes!This was definitely a case of too-good-to-believe .
 I recently purchased the green trident . As an avid night fisherman , I thought with the streamlight name with would be a nice upgrade from my cheap rayo vac headlamp from walmart . Well I was right about the upgrade as it cost double . However , the xenon bulb is worthless . It is not bright , in fact it is a dull yellow . It wont even shine past the side of the boat . The LEDs are great dont get me wrong . The xenon is not . The ray o vac is $ 12 and works much better.See my comment on great customer service from Streamlight .
 Not at all what I expected . I was looking for a light to be worn while riding an all terrain vehicle without head lights . This is not the option . If you only need to see vaguely 20 feet in front of you this may be your thing , but otherwise avoid .
 The bag label says it can be mixed with water but the instructions recommend mixing with floor leveler additive , then add water to make it workable . I did that and it took a lot of water , was still very stiff and lumpy . It was very hard to trowel and set up in about 15 minutes . The instructions say it sets up in 20 to 30 minutes . I wasted about half the bag because it set up too fast . The material has to be screeded and regularly checked with a level in addition to troweling , all in less than 15 minutes.For leveling floors , a self leveling material such as Henry 's self-leveling underlayment , is much easier to use and does not require any expensive additive .
 I found the Streamlight 61052 too heavy for me . All adjustments did nothing to keep the lamp from falling down over my nose , and the weight of the item makes it difficult to use as a reading light . It might be just fine for you , and I hope it is , but I am still looking for the ideal solution to light up my life .
 I do a lot of two-handed precision work , and was looking forward to the Streamlight . It worked well for about 4 hours , then died . New batteries , etc. , nothing helped . I 'm in the market for another brand as a result
 The lamp its bright and it works fine , just not what I expected , the light pattern its wide , not focus so much in one area , no matter what setting u used . .
 I had the lamp for about six months and the cap for the battery was broke for a normal use . I thought it was my fault and purchased another one . Same problem occured . Now I have two headlamps with broken cap . I put a tape around to secure the cap and it is a major pain . Unless they fortify the cap with a stronger material , I would not buy this lamp again .
 I like the fact this light is bright , and has three levels for saving battery power . It 's also very sturdy , with a rubber-armored bezel.What I do n't like is the fact that the rubber parts are poor quality!After a few years , the bezel started to craze and crack apart . What 's worse is that the rubber dome switch cover basically dissolved and fell away . So now I can only turn the light on or off by sticking a paperclip into the light to press on the microswitch.Streamlight claims their lights have a `` limited lifetime warranty '' . But that warranty basically excludes everything ; so in reality it 's a two-year `` lifetime '' warranty . : - -RRB- There are many flashlight manufacturers who offer REAL lifetime warranties . Streamlight is not one of them .
 This is a decent enough headlamp but after only about 10-12 hours of use the switch went out leaving me in the dark for the remainder of my dog walk .
 The lighting characteristics , weight and fit of this product were pretty good , but unfortunately , I had to return it because it would not turn off for me . Maybe it 's because I used an Ultimate Lithium 8x set of batteries -LRB- which really are more powerful aaa batteries than alkalines -RRB- , but even if an alkaline might not have kept the single last LED lighted after turn-off -LRB- visibly -RRB- like the Lithium batteries did -LRB- and I do n't know this -RRB- , I would still suspect it of draining the batteries . There was no way I could successfully loosen the battery cage to extinguish the last LED after turn-off .
 Another Made in China piece of crap . Probably why it 's half-price . Why ca n't the Chinese manufacture stuff that works pretty well . It took a vicegrip to get into the battery compartment . Did they think no one would ever need to open it or did n't they care ? Thank goodness I was n't out camping and needed to change the batteries . It would be dangerous in the woods unless you were carrying pliers as well as batteries.A rubber headband is included but to use it you have to cut off the elastic headband . You ca n't alternate between them.Amazon needs to put a Made in China warning on a Made in China product . Just so you know it 's likely to be poorly made .
 Nice headgear on headlamp , but it seems as though headlamp use 's a lot of batteries , and for the price I expected a little better light .
 I am a mechanic and work the night shift so I use my headlamp everyday . I bought this light about 2 years ago because it 's got adjustable lumens and it 's a Streamlight with a lifetime warranty . I was very happy with it in the beginning but then the tilt screw kept coming loose . Then the strap bracket broke and I had to tape the band on . Then the hinge that holds the light to the band broke . The battery cap is also cracked . It does , however , produce great light and the batteries last a long time . I would only recommend this light to the occasional user not someone who uses them everyday all day . I have sent this light in for warranty and was told over the phone it would be at least 3 weeks so I 'll have to buy another because I ca n't go that long without it . Let 's hope the warranty is good .
 After one year of light use -LRB- ie inside the house at night -RRB- both of my units have fallen apart . Pay more and get something durable .
 There have been many advances in LED technology in the past year . This is old news and not worth your money . Check out black diamond brand headlights . Much more bang for your buck .
 Works fine for working in dark spaces -- for a few hours.After about 2 hours of use on high level the lights starts to slowly fade . By 3 - 6 hours of use the batteries are completely dead . It uses 3 AAA batteries.The advertisement says
 DO NOT waste your money on this . It never worked . Ca n't be returned because it was a gift given past the return `` deadline . '' SEPTOR no longer a trustworthy name .
 1 - To use rubber straps you have to completely destroy the elastic ones , because they are permanently attached to the headlamp base .2 - The plastic notch that is holding the lamp in the tilted position is flimsy .3 - No instructions.Does not justify the price , I am very disappointed.Edit
 Do n't by these from Amazon . They are not pack for shipping and arrive broken . Go to a store and pick them up . It is worth the time and money .
 We bought this , since it was rated for 225 ' of hose storage . We have two 100 ' hoses for our front lawn so that we can water from one end of our home to the other , and the entire front yard.It was not well assembled ; it leaked and we had to disassemble the entire box to reseat the inlet connection where it joins to the reel.It constantly breaks - the center shaft is too weak to support the weight of the hose if there is the least bit of residual water in it and it collapses , making it virtually impossible to unreel the hose without taking the entire product apart . It finally broke the locking tabs this weekend when we tried to unreel it.It also tips over when you are trying to unreel the hose , and takes forever to wind the hose back up , due to a high gear ratio - each crank winds up a very small amount of hose.If you have a smaller lawn , and only need 100 ' or so of hose , this would probably work well for you . But it is NOT capable of handling 200 - 225 feet of hose , as stated . It just does n't hold up . The sad thing is , they could invest a few more cents in producing a quality product that is sturdier , and have a great product that people would be willing to pay more for .
 This hose reel seems to have a bad design . The mount where the water supply hooks up leaks . It has a sliding mechanism the seems to lock when there is no water pressure , but the minute any water is running , it just leaks out the bottom . All the parts are plastic , which seems to be the norm for low end reels.Stay away from this one .
 I liked that it kept the hose out of sight and protected it . On all 3 , the outer connection pulled out , thus rendering it useless . I purchased them at Target a couple of years ago , but for the price point they are a huge rip off . I agree w / the other reviewers , save your money .
 What a piece of junk , leaked like crazy , right out of the box.Took it apart and applied Teflon tape where hose joins inner reel , lasted until the tape wore out , one season .
 The PTK200D is rated for 225 feet of hose , but by the time only 100 feet were wound on it the reel began slipping and jamming . The handle was so flimsy it felt ready to snap off and the `` guide '' that was supposed to glide back and forth and evenly wind the hose onto the reel made one pass and then stalled in place and wound the hose entirely around the right end of the reel . Useless .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 This is the second one we have boughten , thinking the first one was just a fluke that it leaked all over the place after a few months of use . We bought the second and it did n't even make it two months again and it is leaking . It is getting real old . Not purchasing from Suncast again ... any of their brands .
 Mine arrived all busted up . The hinges were torn out of the wood , and the finish was scratched by the run-away screws . Also , the drawers are looser and flimsier than I had hoped . I returned it and in their high-quality way , Amazon gave the full refund I was due .
 I 'd rather have a quality built American made Gerstner 30 years old than this display of poor craftsmanship built with Chinese slave labor . It 's a sad comment on the state of America when a company like Gerstner would allow their image to be tainted with inferior products.Here are the things I noticed within 5 minutes after taking it out of the box : Key lock does not workDrawers are not fitted properlyFront cover does not slide freelyName plate -LRB- cheap quality -RRB- crooked by 1/16 '' and off center by 1/4 '' -- Stevie Wonder could have seen this one from across the room!I am extremely disappointed .
 I was so unhappy with the last one I bought here , why should I expect this larger one to be any better . A real -LRB- made in this country -RRB- Gerstner is a better investment .
 All those bulbs , all that work , and nobody ever stopped to ask how many arms a snowflake has ?! What has this world come to ? Everywhere you go you see four , five , eight , twelve , who knows how many arms on snowflakes . More often than not it 's any number other than six . Go ahead , look around , you 'll see what I mean . Uneducated marketing artists have stolen the snowflake from us !
 None of my cichlids would touch it . So i tried feeding it to my Koi with the same result . Total waste of money .
 I purchased this box to house a knife collection and some other collectables that belonged to my late father . After considerable research , I purchased the Gerstner 530 Red Oak 8 drawer tool chest . While this is a nice box , I was disappointed . The box is made in China out of plywood with a red oak veneer . It looks nice , but when opening the drawers they feel light weight . The drawers do not open smoothly and wobble . I prefer things that are solid and fill heavy , and this is not what I expected for $ 300 . With solid red oak materials , this product could be much better .
 Item was received damaged . I returned it for a refund . One month later I am still waiting for the refund .
 Obviously some third world country bought the name Fuller . They are cheap quality metal , finish and fit . The price fits the tool however and i am not complaining , only reviewing . If you want Snap On , buy Snap On .
 The item in question is not appealing to the eye . There are different pieces to the set up and they are all different colors , white , black , silver , etc and when you place it against the door it sticks out like a sore thumb . Additionally , the directions want ask you to drill into the glass door and do not provide the proper hardware to do so .
 JUST DID NOT WORK FOR ME . I SHOULD HAVE LOOKED FOR AN EASY SPRING LOADED BAR.I DO N'T THINK YOU SHOULD HAVE TO SAW OFF PARTS TO MAKE IT FIT . TOO MUCH TROUBLE .
 I though this would come with the clamp to secure it to a workbench . Didnt come with it . I had to make something instead of dealing withh all kinds of mailing and emails for a dumb part .
 Good magnification , good lighting ... but the joints suck ... especially the joint between the arm and light ... very flimsy and no matter how hard you crack it tight the light 's weight is too much for the nut and screw they use . get what you pay for i guess .
 Just about worthless . Cheaply made , the jaws slip and do n't grip tightly . Spend another $ 10 or $ 15 dollars and get a better quality tool .
 An ok product for the very low price . DOes nto stay lit for more than a few seconds though but is good for a bckup unit for the trunk of the car .
 There are several problems with this flashlight :1 -RRB- it is not very bright2 -RRB- it does not stay on very long after cranking3 -RRB- the crank is small and weakThe crank handle broke on this flashlight the second time we used it . Maybe that is because we had to crank it every 30 seconds . Worthless junk , I will look elsewhere .
 I anxiously awaited the arrival of my Solo Siders ; yes , this magnificent tool was going to save me a boatload on labor ! I must say , it 's a dandy invention ! I 'm sure it works perfectly WITH THE CORRECT MATERIAL . They advertise `` you should lap at 1 1/4 '' because it 's code and this wonder will do that AND MORE !
 Good idea but poor implementation which requires disassembly of the device at each piece of siding being hung , as well as pull the piece of siding back in order to get the metal bracket off . There are better designed tools for this type of application .
 I had to send this battery charger back . When I plugged it in , to charge the batteries that came with it , the unit got very hot , too hot to touch . There was also an odor . The batteries did not charge and when I plugged it in again the unit did not turn on .
 Received Stepladder damadged . This was shiped this way as thepacking was intact and in good shape . Not worth the saveingwith the hasel of trying to get a exchange .
 you can get the same ladder and avoid shipping , by going to your local Lowes and picking it up for $ 218 -LRB- over $ 80 less as of 12/27/09 -RRB-
 You can get this exact ladder at Home Depot for $ 69 . Save yourself some money -LRB- $ 68 !!! -RRB- and go to your local Home Depot . There are probably 3 with in10 miles of your house !
 This ladder is too lightweight to be so tall . It is unstable and the piece of metal that forms the locking cross piece is too high to provide support . Mine bent and collapsed with far less than 200 lbs on i!I am still limping 3 months later .
 After paying a premium for shipping and handling , the shipping was okay , the handling sucked . I had 10 small boxes of staples in a larger shipping box with no filler or even old crumpled newpapers to take up the extra space . Upon opening I found some of the cartons had come open and were all over the inside . They were to be used in a hammer tacker so individual broken ribbons of staples were useless . Poor planning on their part .
 This was a great buy , but is only really a household step stool . Do n't get this thinking you 're getting an actual ladder . I like what it does in its limited capacity , but thought I was getting something something much sturdier and more versatile . I weight 180 pounds and am not really comfortable with standing on this product . But , in all fairness , it is what it says it is - I just expected more .
 I do not recommend this ladder . The ladder is rated at 200lbs . maximum . Unfortunately it buckled with my 170lbs . upon it , sending me to the ground . I now have a back problem and broken fingers . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 As a safety engineer who investigates ladder accidents , I recommend that any step ladder you purchase have a duty rating of at least 250 pounds for safety . Also , the aluminum models , while lighter weight , are also more flexible and easier to tip over . I recommend a fiberglas model.I purchased this ladder for destructive testing , not for use .
 Due to the cheapnest or stupidity of this ladder company , the ladder has a plastic flimsy flexible head that causes one of the legs to be shorter then the others resulting in a dangerous , wobbly ladder.Its a wonderful light ladder except for this enginnering design.You have to stretch the ladder out by holding the top plastic head and twist it to lengthen the short leg to make it longer , then its safe.I took it right back to the store for a refund!Also , I had a green head rated at 225 lbs , the picture shows a red head which is rated at 250 lbs.theres some kind of mixup with the color head and weight of the ladder
 Do not buy this ladder unless you want to fall on your ass . The left front legs will buckle in on the ladder and you will fall on your ass . Beware .
 Tool Crib gave me a very hard time with the pricematch , but after a few emails I finally got to someone who worked with me . Lets say the first few people I worked with were extremely dishonest and rude , literally telling outright lies to avoid pricematching . But finally I got to someone higher up who was apologetic , confirmed that my facts were correct and price matched my local Lowes . The first ladder I got was damaged and it was replaced quickly , the second one was a bit bent in the same place -LRB- apparently the shrinkwrap they put on it is a bit too tight and twists the leg -RRB- . This one was only slight and easily bent back , so I now have the ladder -LRB- which IS 250lb rated not 225 like the description says -RRB- at the pricematched price . The beginning of this experience was extremely frustrating and angering , however in the long run they came through and things worked out . The ladder itself is very good quality and nice and lightweight , Werner is the best there is and always has been , so that 's a given . It wo n't let me change my rating from the initial 1 star I gave when I got shot down for pricematch , but I 'd give it 4 now .
 I usually do n't compare prices because I trust Amazon has the best price mot of the time , but boy was I wrong this time . I saw the exact same ladder for $ 78 at Lowe 's so I tried to return it but Wayfair wanted me to drop it off at UPS in the original shipping box , which was ridiculous . This is way too big to fit in my Subaru Forester and I did n't keep the huge original box that this came in with . And they refused to give me any discount on it . This is a huge price difference .
 Werner 's labeling on this ladder -LRB- and probably their other extension ladders -RRB- is deceptive . It is listed as a 20 foot ladder . Additionally , the `` maximum reach '' is listed as 19 feet . However , when the ladder is fully extended , it is only 17 feet long . The two individual segments , if laid end-to-end , are 20 feet long . The `` maximum reach '' assumes someone of 5 ' 6 '' height is standing at the highest recommended rung -LRB- IOW , their height combined with the ladder -RRB- . Why does Werner use such ambiguous specifications ? Would n't it be a lot more simple and intuitive to list the maximum extended length to be 17 feet ?
 I 've had a Werner attic ladder for 4 years ... the ladder leg hinge broke . I 've used the ladder a total of 12 times and I 'm under the weight limit for the ladder . The company 's response ... buy a new $ 300 ladder and pay $ 200 for someone to install it . BAD COMPANY
 This is a great ladder , but it arrived with a severely twisted foot making it unusable safely . I can find NO contact information for ordering a replacement foot and no way to contact the seller . I need help !!! This product is not a great value when it ca n't be used . All other aspects of this transaction were great .
 This same ladder is at Lowe 's for $ 239.00 . How can it be so much through Amazon ? I 've read it three times and it 's the same 24 ' , Rated 1A at 300lbs
 First ladder arrived unpackaged ... . banged up with frayed exposed fiberglass in several spots . I refused shipment , wrote Amazon an email about the lack of any protective packaging , and looked forward to a replacement . The replacement ladder arrived again , without packaging , banged up , chipped , and chunks of fiberglass missing . This was the second ladder to arrive without protective packaging.I was not able to inspect when the driver dropped off the second ladder . Amazon says I can haul a 24 ' ladder to a place that will ship it and they will replace it . Not easy with a small car , and there is a high probability the third ladder will arrive like the other two.Stuck with damaged ladder !
 The Werner D6220-2 20-Foot Extension Ladder was exactly what I needed . The problem is Werner does not provide adequate shipping protection from their manufacturing facility . The first ladder arrived from ABT Freight Company . Everything looked alright until I removed the cardboard rail protectors , and found numerous dings and scratches to the fiberglass side rails . Additionally one of the feet was stuck in the vertical position and would not move horizontally . The driver loaded it back on the truck as I refused delivery . I notified Amazon CS and requested a replacement ladder . About a week later the replacement ladder arrived in worse condition than the original ladder . The driver loaded that one as I again refused delivery . I contacted Amazon CS and advised them of the situation . Amazon CS to their credit did not question my situation and refunded my CC charges within 48 hours . No argument no hassle of any kind.The bottom line is if Werner shipped the ladders to their distributors enclosed in shrink wrap and a full cardboard container the ladders would be fine . I spoke with Werner CS to advise them of what I had encountered . I asked if any other customers were having issues with in transit damage and they said no , I refuse to believe that . Werner told me that their packaging for the ladders is acceptable . Well not on my dime it is n't . I understand it is a ladder , however give me the opportunity to beat it up on my own if I so choose.If you buy from your local Home Depot or Lowe 's be sure to give it a QC check before you leave the store.Good Luck !!
 Ship Carrier
 This product does n't deserve even one star . UnfortunatelyAmazon does n't have 0 stars rating.I bought this ladder to clean gutters on my 2-story house.At 16 ' ladder length + 6 ' my height I figured it 'll be morethan enough . Not so
 I thought I was going to get a tall ladder , but it was just a step ladder . I should 've read the full description more carefully . I returned it . It 's not like the picture at all . I ended up going to my local hardware store and getting what I wanted for the same price as this little one .
 I thought I was going to get a tall ladder , but it was just a step ladder . I should 've read the full description more carefully . I returned it . It 's not like the picture at all . I ended up going to my local hardware store and getting what I wanted for the same price as this little one .
 I ordered the valve because it is claimed to be not self piercing . Refrigerator water systems recommend a 1/4 '' drill type valve . This is a 1/16 '' piercing valve . I have no use for it .
 Pros
 I bought this ladder at Home Depot for use around the house . I was very surprised how weak the ladder is ... It says 300 pound rated but I did not feel safe putting my 185 pounds on the top step . It is cheaply made and weak . Wish I could give it a `` 0 '' rating . Is China the only place that makes a ladder today ? Nothing in North America?I have given this ladder to daughter to hold a plant . It works good for that.But this one is only $ 11Metal Two-Tier Plant Stand
 I feel I paid too much for this product . It seems very flimsy . I think I could have gotten a much better bang for my buck with a different step stool .
 Most of the time that I buy stuff on Amazon , they are the cheapest and the quality of the product received is top rate . Unfortunately this is not one of those times .1 -RRB- I ordered the ladder from Amazon for $ 179.00 , sears had it for 159.00 . I have a truck so I would have no need to have it delivered -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- , if I had ordered it from Sears . So it wouls have been cheaper for me at Sears .2 -RRB- ABF was the company that delivered the product to me . When the ladder arrived , it was not in any box or plastic wrap . Subsequently , it arrived scratched -LRB- pretty bad -RRB- on one side . This is a brand new ladder , and should have arrived as such.I am still going to use the ladder , which looks like it will work fine . I just wished I had bought it at Sears -LRB- or other retailers like Home Depot and such -RRB- . I probably would have been happier with my purchase then .
 I saw the negative advice . But I thought , '' ... So some unluckysoul had their ladder delivered damaged . That wo n't happen to me ! `` Well , it happened to me . ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK !!!
 I 've had a Werner attic ladder for 4 years ... the ladder leg hinge broke . I 've used the ladder a total of 12 times and I 'm under the weight limit for the ladder . The company 's response ... buy a new $ 300 ladder and pay $ 200 for someone to install it . BAD COMPANY
 i had a mechanic install it , we used it for about 10 minutes and none of my guys are willing to touch it again . this thing is bound to fail . returning it tomorrow .
 I just received my 40 foot Werner type 1A aluminum extension ladder -LRB- 300 lb duty rating -RRB- , and the Werner automatic ladder levelers . The ladder is great , but the ladder levelers are not what I expected .1 . First , and most importantly , the ladder needs to be modified -LRB- feet cut off & holes drilled into it -RRB- in order to install the levelers . This obviously permanently modifies the ladder , and does not allow you to convert the ladder back to its original configuration .2 . Second , the installation is rather involved , the measuring & drilling need to very precise , and the installation will take you a couple of hours to complete . This is much more time & effort than I had planned to modify the ladder .3 . Third , depending of the type of Werner ladder you have -LRB- aluminum 1500 series -RRB- , the instructions mention that the working height of the ladder will be reduced by 7 inches . Not alot , but sometimes every inch counts ! 4 . Fourth , after opening the ladder leveler box , and reading the instructions , they said that I needed an additional kit to complete the installation on my aluminum extension ladder.I regularly remove , rebuild , and install automobile engines ... as well as other complicated electrical , plumbing , and carpentry projects around the house ... so I am very capable of installing the ladder levelers.I just feel that when I spend $ 79.99 for ladder levelers -LRB- a large percentage of the cost of the ladder itself -RRB- that these things should be easy to install , should not require permanent modification of the ladder , should not require me to purchase additional installation kits -LRB- different kits for different ladder types -RRB- , and should not reduce the working height of the ladder.After reading the other reviews , I am sure that these levelers work great once installed ... I just would have liked to have known about the items I mentioned above before purchasing them !
 Attaching this leveler involves destroying your existing ladder !!! You have to drill off rivets and hacksaw off the legs . Plus you may need additional parts , but -LRB- they -RRB- does n't tell you that ! I 'd love a level ladder , but I know if I screw up installing this , I 've just destroyed a -LRB- pricey -RRB- ladder .
 Not only are these expensive , but they are difficult to install . You have to cut the feet off your ladder , drill holes , cut a rod to length . A lot can go wrong . Drilling a few holes in the rail is scary enough , but having to cut the ladder down seems like a big liability . Not worth the risk or investment .
 I was disappointed in how time consuming and difficult the attachments would be to install . I will be returning the product .
 I have not installed the levelers yet because my model of Werner ladder requires an additional kit that ended up costing $ 31 from Werner 's web site . Amazon should have included this information and made the kit available to purchase .
 The Werner add-ons were a LOT of work and require you to cut the ladder.I found this other product and installed it on a second ladder . Far easier & this installation does NOT require you to cut your Ladder
 I bought one several years ago from Sears . It worked fine first but I think it has 2 problems :1 . It adds to much weight to your already rather heavy ladder -LRB- mine was a 32ft Fiberglass ladder -RRB- 2 . It was somewhat rusty and stuck when I wanted to use it again after 2 yrs sitting in the garage .3 . If you want to take it off you have already ruined your ladder by cutting its legs ! so you will be stuck with a heavy stuck leveler ladder !! Good idea , but not so good results so far . I am going to call the manufacturer to see what they suggest .
 Most of the time that I buy stuff on Amazon , they are the cheapest and the quality of the product received is top rate . Unfortunately this is not one of those times .1 -RRB- I ordered the ladder from Amazon for $ 179.00 , sears had it for 159.00 . I have a truck so I would have no need to have it delivered -LRB- $ 50 -RRB- , if I had ordered it from Sears . So it wouls have been cheaper for me at Sears .2 -RRB- ABF was the company that delivered the product to me . When the ladder arrived , it was not in any box or plastic wrap . Subsequently , it arrived scratched -LRB- pretty bad -RRB- on one side . This is a brand new ladder , and should have arrived as such.I am still going to use the ladder , which looks like it will work fine . I just wished I had bought it at Sears -LRB- or other retailers like Home Depot and such -RRB- . I probably would have been happier with my purchase then .
 I saw the negative advice . But I thought , '' ... So some unluckysoul had their ladder delivered damaged . That wo n't happen to me ! `` Well , it happened to me . ORDER AT YOUR OWN RISK !!!
 Who in there right mind would spend that kind of money on a switch that you can get at Home Depot for .59 .
 On Amazon 's recommendation , I purchased a pair of these extension ladder covers when I ordered a Werner MT-17 muli-purpose ladder . They do not fit over ladder 's regular plastic covered ends . By disassembling the ladder into 2 step ladders as for scaffold use , the covers could be used on the smaller legs of of the smaller unit . However , in this configuration , four covers would be needed to protect floors , for example , not 2 . As the covers were only about ten bucks , I decided that returning them was too much hassle for the savings , so I threw them in the trash .
 Even though this product was displayed on the same page as the Werner multi ladder I purchased they are superfluous for this item with no where to actually apply them . Thus , I returned the item .
 These mitts always slip off my ladder . I had to buy a different brand that work much better . These were a waste of money .
 I tried to get these on my MT-22 ladder , but I could n't get them to fit . I tried soapy water , but still managed to get it only about half way on . If I continued to work on it maybe I could have gotten them to slip all the way on , but I gave up . I ended up wrapping the end of the ladder with a shop towel and duct-taping it into place.I saw that another reviewer here said he cut slits up the side to help them fit better.I 'm sure if I had gotten them on they would have worked well , and they definitely seem durable .
 It 's not that I have the covers , but they can not be used on the model of ladder that I bought . There are covers on the ladder when it is extended , so the covers are unnecessary .
 Difficult to find these replacements - glad you have them - for the ones that came with the Werner Ladder Stabilizer . There is no grip ridge on the square metal tubing ends , so these slip off too easily - I will use DUCT TAPE to fasten the replacements on ! A salesman told me he used epoxy glue on his . Great product otherwise !
 Yes , I use super glue as well . Like the previous reviewer said , yes the square metal piece that goes on before the rubber end cap MUST not come loose , otherwise the rubber end cap will quickly eat/etch through the rubber making them useless at protecting whatever your leaning onto -LRB- roof shingle , siding , etc. , etc. -RRB- . I have been also gluing the square metal piece onto the stabilizer ends , but it 's probably still too easy for them to come undone , but at least it will stay on for a while . Just also make sure you glue the rubber piece as well MAKING SURE as you 're pushing the glued rubber cap on the stabilizer that the square metal piece does n't shift and come out of place , otherwise the square metal piece will fall into the hollow stabilizer -LRB- one will know this as the square metal piece will rattle around the hollow inside of the stabilizer every time you move the ladder/stabilizer around -RRB- . One more thing I have noticed as a user of this product for about the past 6 or 7 years is the type rubber they 're made of . Some years it was a good firm quality rubber while other times it was a cheaper quality rubber that does n't last NEAR as long . Of course the biggest problem these days is that you can no longer purchase them @ Lowes stores -LRB- they used to be about $ 3 - $ 4 the last time they were available @ Lowes a couple years ago ... wish I had bought as many as I could get my hands on BEFORE Lowes stopped carrying them . -RRB- .
 Flimsy . Also , when i ordered this i selected to order additional rollers . they didnt fit . im sure theres something else on the market worth the money that does the job .
 How in the sam hell are y' all pricin ' this for THREE times MORE than the ladder is worth ?!? Are y' all high ?
 After we took it out of the box , we discovered that the frame was made from scraps of 1 '' X 4 '' glued together instead of continuous 1 X 4 construction of the rectangular frame.When we installed the ladder , the frame broke in half , hurting a worker at the jobsite.Be careful when framing these in , as to build it better than they give it to you!J Jackson
 I suspected from the reviews I read before buying this 28-foot , 225-lb duty ladder was that Werner was trying to dump damaged ladders through Amazon , betting on the reluctance of most customers to return such a large item . So I was n't surprised when mine arrived damaged . The man on the unmarked delivery truck seemed careful , and the ladder had been wrapped in cardboard , etc. , from which I later concluded that shipping had not been the problem . Although some of the metal had actually been cut through -LRB- the impact to cause such damage must have been tremendous ! -RRB- and one of the legs was slightly bent and another visibly bent , I felt I could still use the ladder to work on my house and , yes , because I needed it for a current project I was reluctant to send it back . I have extended it fully and climbed it a couple of times without incident . They say that you should never use a damaged ladder , but I think you can if you have some engineering sense and know something about the stresses in structures , etc. . These damaged ladders are certainly not for the professional or for anyone without a good mechanical sense , but they are fine for someone like me , who can make do . I justify my rating of one star by the severity of the damage .
 WERNER USES A COUNTER BALANCE WER-55-1 FOR ALL ITS FOLDING ACCESS ATTIC LADDERS . BECAUSE THE COUNTER BALANCE IS TO ASSIST THE LADDER AS IT IS EXTENDED , THE MAKEUP OF THE MECHANISM -LRB- ALUMINUM -RRB- IS THE PROBLEM . THE MECHANISM BENDS AND ONCE THAT OCCURS REPLACING THE MECHANISM IS A PROBLEM . THE MECHANISM IS RIVETTED ONTO THE LADDERS FRAME AND THE RIVET -LRB- S -RRB- MUST BE DRILLED OUT . THIS MUST BE DONE OR YOU ARE FACED WITH REPLACING THE ENTIRE LADDER . GOOD LUCK .
 Help - my rivetted mechanism has also broken on model W2508 and I do n't know what to do - it 's a real bummer - I ca n't see why I would need to buy a new attic stairway - ca n't I buy a new bracket and drill it into my existing frame .
 This review is for the Werner W2210 wooden attic ladder.I have had this ladder installed in my house for 12 years but use it only very infrequently . Finally , one of he springs bent the flimsy side arms when I opened the ladder one day and like others who have reviewed here , I had a hard time fixing it . I had to drill out all the rivets , remove the bent pieces and hammer them flat , then reinstall the right side assembly . A week later , the same pieces bet again - clearly after repeated use there is metal fatigue ad the metal used to counter-balance the large springs is too flimsy to hold up to repeated use.I also recall that installing this attic ladder is definitely a two person job - it is so heavy that trying to install it on my own , I finally had to hook up a pulley system to raise it into position , it was too heavy to simultaneously hold up in position and fasten into place.Overall I am very disappointed with this attic ladder and I do n't recommend it . I give it two starts because it sort of held up with very light use until now .
 The shipping process was a nightmare . The product came via UPS via Bahgdad I am convinced , based on the condition of the box . I refused delivery and had Amazon try again . The second attempt met with similar results only this time the box was even more demolished and I was n't home when it arrived -LSB- what a surprise -RSB- . Since the box was in no condition for return I took the ladder out of the box and checked its condition . Despite the outward appearance of the box the only problems seemed to be dented and chipped wood on the frame . It seemed to be still in square . I hope it will function when I get it installed . Two points
 I ordered the Werner A2508 folding attic ladder June 3rd so that I 'd have it on hand when I needed to install it in the attic of my new house I 'm constructing . I 'm now finally ready install the brand new Werner A2508 in the house . I opened it up for the first time yesterday only to discover that it was assembled completely out of square with the bolt holes drilled well over a half an inch off all along one of the 54 '' sides . Because of this when they stapled the frame together the main hinge across the end is wrenched making the ladder unable to be opened and/or installed . Even if it could be installed -LRB- it 's not close to square so wo n't fit my square opening -RRB- it could n't be trimmed out . I 'm appalled and now I may not even be able to return it because it is past 30 days even though it 's brand new -LRB- and junk -RRB- . Boy did I learn a hard one here !
 Bought model A2508 . It was shipped from the seller 's facility . Received the product missing 1 of the 2 springs and with one leg bent like a pretzel . Product carton is 75lb test single wall corrugated with no insert to prevent movement . It was broken open basically on all sides with parts sticking out . Tried to have a replacement order entered just to find out that the product was no longer available . Werner by the way filed for Chapter 11 , I 'm not surprised .
 As a builder who has purchased many wooden ladders over the years , I thought that I would be providing a superior product to my customers with the purchase of a Werner aluminum ladder.While the ladder itself is sturdy , I was disappointed to find many missing bolts -LRB- had to run up to Home depot for bolts to `` re-assemble '' the ladder -RRB- One `` L '' bracket was just loose in the box , and other bolts were not tightened.Additionally , the 1/4 '' panel sent with the door is a horrible piece of wood . The painter will have to spend a lot of time sanding , putty-ing , and prepping ; or we will have to re-skin with another piece of panel . I do not expect stain grade material on an attic access , but I would have difficulty finding a comparatively junky piece of material at the lumber yard.I wo n't purchase this ladder again .
 I received this ladder via freight and noticed while removing the strapping and edge protectors the side braces were not the same length . Opening the ladder one brace seems the correct length but the other appears to be for a ladder considerably taller causing the ladder to be unstable and unsafe . I am most disappointed with Werner 's quality control as something like this should have been caught during the production/shipping process . And now I have the hassle of returning something this large .
 I returned it becaused it was damaged ... waiting for my credit card to be credited . One of the runners was smashed and cracked .
 I was so disappointed with this product that I returned it within days after purchasing it . It does n't do what it says it can . I bought this specifically to use on my ladder when I clean my gutters so that I wont damage them . I have seen pictures of another companies standoff which shows a gentleman cleaning his gutters with a standoff on his ladder , and the standoff is leaning on the roof , away from his gutters . That is exactly what I wanted ! This Werner product was cheaper than the competitors and it said in the Amazon description that you could lean it on the roof . I thought this would be perfect and I would save a few dollars . WRONG!It does n't work . There is know way that the standoff arms are long enough to rest on the roof and keep my ladder off the gutters.I contacted Werner to complain and they told me that this standoff should never be used on the roof , it was not designed for it ! I told him about the description on Amazon saying it could be used on the roof and he said that this has come up before and the description is wrong . He was a nice man and actually referred me to the product of the other company who 's picture I had seen to begin with and he said that was the only standoff he knew of designed to go on a roof.I have bought the other company 's standoff and it works great , as advertised . I wont make that mistake again and am writing this in hopes of saving someone else the time and trouble .
 The two disadvantages are -LRB- 1 -RRB- it 's heavier than the traditional U-bolt type and -LRB- 2 -RRB- it takes two rungs instead of only one , forcing the ladder to be longer when fully compressed . So when you 're trying to place the ladder upright , it 's top heavy and longer.For my heavy Type I 32 foot extension ladder , I can not handle it alone with this quick-click stabilizer . I got the U-bolt type instead . That works better for me , and it costs less money .
 Werner AC78 Quickclick StabilizerThis product was delivered promptly and in good condition . When I opened the outer cartoon and started reading the instructions , the first thing I saw was this is to be used on Werner Ladders only and be used on top step only . My plan was to put it on the roof in order to clean my gutters as advertised on Amazon . When I tried to do this the attachment touched the gutter . I called Werner Co. and they told me that the Werner AC78 CAN NOT be used on the roof . It has no OSHA and ANSI certification like the other stand off . I will return this and order the other one before someone borrows it and kills them selves . This product may be good on a wall but due to space limitations in my garage I will only keep one tool that works for everything I need it to do .
 I bought this product several years ago from Sears and was using it on a 32-ft 2-piece fiberglass ladder that I had also installed the Werner leveler to it . As I was struggling with the monster that I had created , the Quick Click Stabilizer fell off from high up on me and deeply cut my arm . I still have the scar after maybe 4 or 5 years . I am lucky that it did not hit me in the head . Again the idea is good but do n't over do it like I did . Use it on shorter ladders that you can handle easily and be careful , wear hard hat .
 The quickclick stabilizer is not as handy as one would think . Yes , it is easy to take off and put on , but when you have a variety of extension ladder heights that you are adjusting your ladder to , it is easy to forget that the quickclick stabilizer limits the ability of the extension ladder to be placed at its shortest length . If you are not careful , when the extension ladder is placed at its quickclick impaired shortest length the quickclick stabilizer safety pin is what the ladder is supported on . If the pin should break -LRB- and it is a only a 1/8th inch diameter pin -RRB- , the ladder will drop down to its true shortest length and the quickclick stabilizer will come off .
 This ad claims you will save 58.00 but when you look it up at most hardware stores like lowes for instance they are only 42.00 there so where are they sold for 100.00 at ?
 I have an MT-22 and in order to attach the stabilizer , I have to remove the top -LRB- extendable -RRB- section of the ladder . Kinda sucks because you loose like 5 feet of ladder height . Werner could have come up with a much better design ; like add a bend to the design of the stabilizer arms so they can clear the thicker upper-section of the MT-22 .
 I bought this as a bundle with a Werner ladder . The Werner ladder has the extension on top . So that reduces the standoff to 6 inches . But the worst part is the lower bracket jams against the highest rung of the lower extension and was very hard to un-jam . This jammed so hard it bent the lower bracket . I 'm going to return it.I do not recommend this product with this type of ladder .
 The Amazon review advertises that the feet of the stabilizer can be placed on the roof . However , when I tried to do exactly that , the stabilizer was tilted at the wrong angle . I called the Werner company this morning , thinking that I was doing something wrong . I was told by the technical service representative that the stabilizer was not meant to be placed on a rooftop ! Who the heck wrote the product description?This may be a good product -- I would n't know , because I can not use it for the application for which I bought it -- and for which it was advertised .
 I bought and put up 4 of these units and 1 combination CO and Smoke . -LRB- wireless -RRB- . The First Alert SA501CN2 wireless smoke alarms are a great idea . When one goes off the others go off too . This covers the issue when fire happens in another room . The sound level and tone is pretty good since my parents seemed to be able to hear them . -LRB- They are very hard of hearing -RRB- . Installation is easy with linking of each detector that is better done before hanging them in their operating locations . The wirelss CO/Smoke unit works great and talks ! Cool.The downside of these is that they have a very limited range . Combination CO/Smoke detector has much less range that the other wireless detectors . When tests show that all the detectors work , there is no guarantee that all of them will go off every time . Very unreliable performance . Because of this , more untis have to be put up just to `` relay '' the alarm signal every 15-20 feet . They hardly make it to the next room even when they are unobstructed . This severly limits placement of these units . Moving them around and experimenting with reception between units really is the only way to ensure they might work . Positioning is not intuitive . One placement may seem less likely to work than another , yet it works and the other location does not . Go figure.I would not buy these again if there is any way to put up wired units . -LRB- Could not run wires in my parents house -RRB- !
 I wanted to put one downstairs and then upstairs within 30 feet . I know the instructions say that building structures can cause a problem with it , but it really does not work well at all in the one case that I am using it for which is my small church . I moved around to different locations throughout the building seeing if setting off one would set off the next , but it did not work in most cases . It almost has to be line of sight . Originally , I was only going to need two , but after the line of sight problem , I had to change it to four and then added a combination smoke/Carbon Dioxide talking alarm .
 The wireless signal is NOT strong enough . Two smoke alarms in adjacent bedrooms with a closet in between them have trouble communicating with each other reliably in test mode . 50 feet of range as advertised in the instructions is not obtainable . We have a small single story house -LRB- 1500 sq ft -RRB- with standard wood construction -LRB- no metal studs or metallic wallpaper -RRB- . We bought 4 onelink detectors and after about 2 hours of troubleshooting we got them all to communicate with each other in test mode MOST of the time . I sure hope they decide to work if we ever need them to !
 This is a useful idea which needs work . The alarm portion seems to work as advertised . The voice version is useful to know which alarm was triggered . The problem is very limited range on the linking.The wireless range of the alarm is much less than Z-Wave , Bluetooth or wireless alarm devices , wifi , 900mhz , 2.4 , 5.8 or DECT phones . It is comparable to a 1970s kids walkie talkie . Pretty dismal . I had to move the alarms several times in order to get a solid link between two bedrooms separated by a bathroom , the same problem between floors even when the alarms were nearly on top of one another . This is in a stick frame house without foil insulation . The linking feature is not very useful if they have to be within 10 feet of each other.You must test each alarm in the exact installation location with the other alarms in their locations , not just close in the room . This a pretty difficult feat when you have multiple alarms .
 Watch the video to set these up and link them . Forget the written instructions . I linked them when they were together and tested them . Next I moved them to the kitchen and utility closet 18 ' away . They did n't communicate . I tried moving them within 15 ' . They still did n't work . Moral to the story - they do n't like solid apartment walls and the linking technology is to weak . First Alert says up to 50 ' . That would probably mean line of sight , out in an open parking lot with no RF nearby!I 'm returning these after spending a couple hours . First Alert had a nice idea with weak signal strength . I would rate these a D - do to the week link RF . They may work better when working with thin sheet rock walls between floors ...
 I am a faux finisher and needed a place to hang my rags while applying different glazes . The shelf that arrived does not have a built-in rag rack as pictured and described in the Amazon ad . Instead , it has a small indentation for screws . The shelf that was sent can be purchased at Lowe 's for under $ 6.00 . Do n't waste your money if you are looking for a shelf with a built-in rag rack . I sent this shelf back .
 Save your money and buy a regular double towel bar . The swing arm towel bar is poorly designed . Smedbo 's site says that this is not meant for `` heaver loads , '' but in truth it is not really meant for anything more than dry finger tip towels . Anything much heavier than that makes the bars tilt downward because the bracket does not seem to be properly stabilized .
 Had no problem programing the unit , but during testing , sometimes all three of the OneLink units do n't sound the alarm.It 's like the signals are weak or something.About half the time , they all test fine.My problem is , if the unit in the basement detects CO , I need the bedroom unit to wake me up ! Every time!I spoke to tech support and I think these units onlysend ONE transmission to the other units , during testing.BUT , in case of fire or Carbon Monoxide -LRB- CO -RRB- , they should keep repeating the transmission , many times.I HOPE !
 The wireless signal is NOT strong enough . Two smoke alarms in adjacent bedrooms with a closet in between them have trouble communicating with each other reliably in test mode . 50 feet of range as advertised in the instructions is not obtainable . We have a small single story house -LRB- 1500 sq ft -RRB- with standard wood construction -LRB- no metal studs or metallic wallpaper -RRB- . We bought 4 onelink detectors and after about 2 hours of troubleshooting we got them all to communicate with each other in test mode MOST of the time . I sure hope they decide to work if we ever need them to !
 I bought this drill while doing some remodeling at my girlfriend 's house . I did n't want to drive all the way back across town to get my 14.4 Dewalt . I should have !! The bits slip in the chuck and the motor smokes under heavy drilling.For light duty use this drill is fine , but for heavy drilling you should look elsewhere . This is not a top quality Milwaukee tool !
 I have had the drill for about a year and a half . I have never dropped it or anything and the one battery is cracked . It will not hold charge or anything . I have been getting by with one battery and now the charger does n't work either . I called the Milwaukee company and they told me that they would give me an estimate on a new battery and charger . They would not stand behind anything . I have to say the drill is alright . i like the drill its self but the batteries and the charge does n't stand up and the company will not stand behind it . I is a pile of BS . I will never buy another Milwaukee tool ! I am going to buy a DEWALT and get a real TOOL ! Everyone who reads this-watch out because Milwaukee will get you to . Just think twice and buy a DEWALT !
 I was hoping to avoid buying a much more expensive model . The first day I had it I measured some of the corners in my house - 90.0 - 90.4 degrees - no problem . I then measured the angle of my table saw blade to the table - which must be exactly 90 to get a straight cut . I opened the Denali to 90.0 and double checked it with my square - it 's off about 1/8th of an inch . With it open and square it reads 90.3 . It 's going back .
 Unit was dead on arrival . Display reads `` Hi . '' This message is not documented in the very limited documentation that comes with the unit . I was unable to find any tech support available from Denali anywhere . I suspect the problem is with the encoder , possibly a defective encoder but likely just the adjustment of the encoder read head to the encoder scale , but there 's nothing I can do about it.Kudos to Amazon for their response to this . The return process was painless and easy . I wo n't buy anything else from Denali , but I 'll be back to Amazon .
 I may be the wrong person using this angle finder.Being a machinest all my life , I must deal with thousanths of an inch and seconds of a degree.So whe I took this out of the box and checked it with my master square , it was .6 egrees off.When your cutting 22.5 degree angles , .6 of a degree makes a large mistake when yuo put your miters together.It was within the 1 degree + / - . One degree is a mile when you put your miters together .
 THIS PRODUCT IS NOT WHAT I EXPECTED , ALL SORTS OF REQUIREMENTS AND POSITIONS TEMPERATURES AND SIZES OF STONES MUST BE CALCULATED IN ORDER TO ALLEGEDLY GET AN ACCURATE RESPONSE ... **** NOTE THIS PRODUCT THINKS MY WIFE 'S WATCH CRYSTAL IS A DIAMOND ... NEED I SAY MORE ? ... HEY HONEY MAYBE IT MEANT YOU ARE A DIAMOND : -RRB-
 Not too impressed with this as it can produce the effect that it 's a real diamond when it 's not without touching anything around the stone too .
 This device is way to hard to use ... ca n't calibrate the dang thing . I 'm sure it will never work properly . Not at all impressed .
 Not very accurate . Ca n't get it to work very well , beeps on everything from diamonds to glass . Still not sure if it 's a diamond or not .
 Have tried this product on several items . You have to do to many manual inputs and has not gotten the correct answer on diamonds once This is a cheaply made tool and does not work at all
 It Oscillated nicely for awhile . Now it just gets stuck on whatever setting it 's put on . Bummer . I need to buy one of those small round ones and I think it will do a better job just to have to move it around the yard . I wo n't be buying this brand again .
 This sprinkler lasted under 1 year . I probably used it 60-90 days in that time . When it was n't being used , I stored in in a garage -LRB- so it was n't in the sun -RRB- . The problems are :1 -RRB- One of the nozzles stopped working fairly quickly . This was n't a big deal , but did seem odd . It was just plugged up I guess .2 -RRB- The oscillation became uneven . When I set the sprinkler on full range , it would go a lot farther in one direction than the other . I 'd say that the short side was 40 degrees less than the long side . If I tried to correct this by setting it more on the side that was n't getting full coverage , I would lose coverage on the other side .3 -RRB- A ` sticky spot ' developed where sometimes the sprinkler would get caught for a second then jump across 10-15 degrees . This happened in the same spot , so it might have been a piece of debris or something on the cardioid track .4 -RRB- It began to leak pretty badly at the hose connector.I probably could have fixed problems 1 and 3 , but the totality of the problems made it not worthwhile .
 Bought two of these and both snapped within weeks . Total waste of money . They 're impossible to adjust too . There is a guide but the guide seems to be incredibly inaccurate . We just had to keep turning it and trying it over and over , getting rather wet and irritated .
 If all you want is a cheap sprinkler for the kids to run through , this is a pretty good bargain -- if you get it for $ 10 or less . If you want a sprinkler that you can adjust to hit a certain area , this ai n't it ! The markings on the dial are fairly cryptic , plus there 's no clear identification of what each icon is supposed to line up with . There are no instructions on or in the box , or online . I thought I could figure it out with a little experimentation , but there does n't seem to be a lot of finesse to the system.Like I said , keep looking .
 The sprinkler worked great for a month , then the hose connection broke clean off after moving it normally . It was made of cheap thin plastic where it should have had more support . Guess I 'll spend the money and get something that will last .
 I have another plastic sprinkler by another company that has lasted over two seasons , however , this plastic sprinkler broke at the point where the intake coupling attaches to the body of the sprinkler . Cheap . Would n't buy this again .
 Getting ready to return this one , as it has yet to move an iota . The instructions are nonexistant , the iconography confusing , and everything but the highly-touted brass nozzles is made of paper-thin plastic . Is it so hard to make a sprinkler that waves back and forth ... without fail ? That used to be the norm , not the exception .
 At the beginning , we like it very much for its design . However , it got broken after being used for one week . The plastic parts are very delicate .
 Difficult to adjust . Unreliable . Swings to one side and sometimes gets stuck there . Made a big puddle and damaged part of my newly seeded lawn . Too much trouble to bring back but will not buy another of this make .
 Bought two . ` Wish I 'd bought none . - One snapped apart at its hose connector within two weeks . It has a very weak , non-durable plastic connector so you have to treat these Very Gently -- not how I 'm accustomed to treating gardening tools . - I 'm not very happy with the patterns it sprays , but ... I do n't expect the remaining unit to last long enough for this to matter.Just do yourself a favor and find another product !
 I bought this same one from WalMart and lasted about a month and would get stuck half way through the oscillation every time . It would have been a good sprinkler if it had continued to work . This falls into the seemingly growing list of worst garbage I 've ever bought .
 It is very difficult to adjust the coverage area to exactly what you want . The image on the unit only only gives you an idea , it is not possible to adjust the oscillating angle on one side without changing the other side , and the maximum oscillating angle available when you have it on full coverage is not available if you only want partial coverage . I have spent close to half an hour each time trying to adjust it , and result is only partially satisfactory .
 These are very poorly constructed . Maybe it 's the hot TX sun , but all five I purchased broke within just a few uses . The plastic is cheap and split apart or broken . Not abused as I set them up and left them . Used no more than 10 times each . May be good in a cooler climate , but definitely not a product for use in the hot sun .
 This sprinkler worked well for two weeks , giving a nice even flow of water . After that , the plastic connector piece to the hose broke off . Based on this experience , I would not buy it again . If you do buy it , be careful with the connection to the hose .
 Good Qualities
 The point where the hose connects to the device snapped twice . Sure it is the cheapest one , but why have brass nozzles like it is going to last ? One of which ended up clogging . Before the hose junction snapped , it started spraying where the outlet bar connects . Pass on it .
 The 1030L is a lesser product than the name of Black & Decker . They obviously want to reduced the cost of making this saw.The first thing is they do n't include the `` rip guard '' . Like another reviewer says - it 's a 10c piece of metal.The second thing is the `` saw blade guard '' , the piece that move around the blade , is not a solid piece any more . It is made from three pieces of steel sheet metals that are spot-welded together . The blade guard has a loose fit and wiggles a lot . I do not know how long it is going to last.Anyway , it 's disappointing that someone lowered the standards .
 I used this Black & Decker circular saw for four days . I used it to cut 2x4 pieces of wood to frame out a wall . On the fourth day when I was almost finished , the head of the bolt that holds the blade in place fell off . At first I thought it had gotten loose and fell off . When I picked it up I realized that it had actually broken off , the other half was still in the saw . Of course the saw was useless at this point . Luckily I only had a few more pieces of wood to cut , by hand . Bottom line is I will not be buying a Black & Decker product again .
 As others have said , this saw is junk . With no motor lock to change the blade it is useless . The instructions do n't even offer a method for installing the first blade.I have a brand new one I plan to dump . Next .
 iam a girl and so not very tool savy , i could ` nt get this to work!it may be fine for some but with me i needed a more user friendly tool .
 I have had this saw for over two years . At first I thought it was pretty good , until it came time to change the blade . This model does not have a motor lock - meaning when you attempt to loosen the bolt the motor spins . Loosening a tight blade can be done ; however , there is no way to properly tighten the blade back on . The motor spins , the bolt will only tighten half-way , and you 're up a creek.The owner 's manual says to block the teeth of the blade with a piece of scrap wood to keep it from spinning . This works to loosen the blade , but does nothing to prevent the motor from turning while you tighten the blade back in place.In effect , this is a disposable saw . Shame on you , Black and Decker .
 The problem I 've had with lawn sprinklers of any price is that they do n't work very well , and then they break . True to form , this Melnor from the start oscillated unevenly , rotating much more drastically to the left than to the right , necessitating multiple trips out into the drenched and swampy lawn to try to fine-tune the placement . Eventually , if this one behaves like its predecessors , it 'll stop oscillating entirely and water fixedly to the left only . The reason I like this sprinkler a little more than the others is simply that I paid a lot less for it , so when I finally lose what 's left of my patience and rip it to pieces it wo n't bother me so much -LRB- though I will of course bemoan the needless waste of our precious natural resources -RRB- . Gilmours are even worse than Melnors , if that helps .
 Price was right , and it started out okay . After 2-3 uses though , I noticed the oscillator left large puddles on either end of its reach along with where it sat on the lawn . Everything in between was slightly wet . After 6 uses , I accidentally dropped it from waist level on the lawn and the connector nozzle -LRB- made of plastic -RRB- broke off making it useless . If the nozzle had not broken off , I would have given it 2 stars . It was n't worth the money for less than a week 's use . I do n't recommend this one to anyone . I 'd look for something without a plastic nozzle .
 I liked this sprinkler at first . As another reviewer said , the dial to control how far this sprinkler sprays in either direction actually works rather well.Unfortunately , it did n't hold up well at all . After about 10 uses , one of he nozzles only sprayed about half as high as the others , which meant that the evenness of the water distribution was diminished . Over the next month , another nozzle would suffer this same problem each week , so that now the sprinkler is only about half functional.I 'm guessing that the nozzles are getting clogged . It would n't cost very much for the manufacturer to include a metal screen to minimize this issue .
 I was rolling my hose up and forgot to disconnect the sprinkler first . Just dragging it across the yard was enough to snap off the plastic part that connects the black hose connector to the body of the unit.This is unfortunate , as otherwise it seemed to work well . The knob to control how far the sprinkler would go in each direction worked well and was convenient .
 This product does fit my fridge , but unfortunately , I noticed absolutely no difference in the taste of the water coming out of the fridge . Also , after I installed this product , it seemed like the water would never stop running from the dispenser the first time I activated the dispenser . I ended up with a bit of a pool of water in front of the fridge . I 'm not sure if this has happened to anyone else , but just be aware that you might want to have a small bucket or a bunch of cups ready just in case the water dispenser does n't turn off right away the first time you use it after replacing the water filter.I may have to try to slighly more expensive unit to see if that makes any difference on the taste of the water .
 I thought I was getting the -10 model for Cryptospiridium cyst reduction , not the -08 of lesser quality .
 inadequate information led me to order the wrong filterhad to return it -LRB- and pay postage -RRB-
 Ever wonder what would happen if you did n't replace these filters?After two years the seals on my filter went bad and I had a major water leak under the refrigerator onto my hardwood floors . No warning , just a flood.Bad product , bad design . Whirlpool or Kitchen Aid ? Not for me . Never again .
 I do n't know how this will compare to the REAL `` Whirlpool '' filter which I thought that I was getting ! It says that it is made by Water Sentinel . That is not how it is presented so I am very disappointed .
 Like some other reviewers recently , I did not receive a genuine Whirlpool filter as pictured in the description . I received a `` Water Sentinel '' brand filter . I does fit the refrigerator -- mine takes the filter in the lower grille -LRB- but it 's a Kenmore made by Whirlpool -RRB- . However , it 's not what I believed I was purchasing . The filter itself is very lightweight which makes me question if there 's as much going on on the inside as there is in a genuine whirlpool filter . Yes , the price is cheap . No , I 'm not going through the hassle of returning it . But buyer beware ! : -LRB-
 Feedback I left regarding a recent order with FiltersFast was removed , so I 'm reposting . I purchased 3 filters from FiltersFast pursuant to a BUY 3 AND GET FREE SHIPPING offer , which the ad stated SHIPS FROM AND SOLD BY FILTERSFAST , however I was charged for shipping . FiltersFast admits the ad is misleading and a violation of amazon 's policies that prohibit sellers from posting seller-specific info , such as free shipping offers , in product descriptions , but refused to issue a refund.Date
 I purchased Whirlpool filters -LRB- item 4396508 -RRB- as shown in the photo and described in the description . I received generic Water Sentinel filters . Probably an honest mistake , but if I wanted generic filters , I would have ordered them . I will be returning them .
 I 'll keep this to the point : - Ordered a three-pack of the product on this page - Product arrived and was labeled `` Whirlpool '' on top and `` Pur '' on the bottom . It appeared to be genuine OEM - Have changed out the water filter on this fridge over a dozen times previously with no issues - Installed one and the water took on rotten eggs -LRB- hydrogen sulfide -RRB- smell - Water had no such smell with the previous filters - Thinking I had one bad unit , I installed another one form the 3-pack - It too imparted the awful smell - Removed filter completely , smell went away - Returned this product for a refund - OrderedPUR QTSS Whirlpool Quarter Turn Refrigerator Ice and Water Filter Cartridgeand installed it ... no bad smell
 I bought this replacement filter because it was 15 bucks cheaper than the exact model offered on the KitchenAid website ... It allowed giant particles to escape the filter ... In other words , it did n't filter the water at all ... I finally bought the same filter from the manufacturer 's website , and it works perfectly ... Do n't buy this filter off Amazon ...
 Pur Brand Leaks . I did try to order 4396510p -LRB- picture like a kitchenAid -RRB- but it is the same thing , a Pur Brand . sucks .
 It imparted a very bad taste and smell to water that was obvious within few hours . After I replaced it with the one bought from best buy , the water was fine . I have returned it for refund .
 These are very difficult to install . I had to get my big brute of a husband and he could n't get it to turn . He had to go get channel locks to get the thing to turn . Had water running all over the floor . Very expensive , and they recommend you replace these every 6 months . Not necessary , the last one we had for over a year and my husband broke it up and he said it was clean inside . I would only replace once a year . Too expensive otherwise .
 I purchased this filter because of the great reviews . It could have been that I received a defective unit but the filter was horrible . It left a ton of particles floating in the water and it tasted like crap . I 've never had water that left a ` film ' in your mouth . I was using the Water Sentinel model on Amazon before so I think I 'll go back to it .
 It did n't fit even though all necessary matching numbers were correct - the top is way different than they used to be
 I should have listened to other reviewers ' comments . Before purchasing this item , I have seen some bad reviews about how bad the taste of the filtered water is from Amazon.com . But I ignored it because it is from `` Whirlpool '' . But believe me , the taste is really bad . I am not even sure if it is harmful to my family 's health . Do n't buy it .
 I installed this first week of May and we got good drinking water for about 5 weeks before the taste started changing and 2 months after installing this filter , the water tastes disgusting . The water from my kitchen faucet tastes better than the refrigerator . I usually order it from whirlpool direct and I regret ordering it from amazon .
 I bought this 3-pack , installed 1 , ton of bubbles and air came out first then after about 30 seconds of a solid stream , water started leaking from the bottom of my refrigerator . Clearly these are n't made to fit Kenmore fridges .
 I did not like this item because it was the wrong one . It did not fit my refrigerator and therefore I returned it .
 I thought I was getting a good deal , but it turns out it 's not the 3-pack . Just one . Lesson learned .
 WELL IT DID NOT FIT MY KITCHENAID REF MODELKSRB25FRBX02 . I WILL RETURN IT SOON . i HOPE I WILL GET THE RIGHT PRODUCT NEXT TIME
 Filter was advertised as New , When Received Box had been opened before and was taped shut with Scotch Tape . Filter was in box without plastic seal . This was obviously a returned possibly used filter . Very disappointed .
 Some how after installing the filter , it had a bad taste , which is still there.So we do ` nt use the water from the door at present . i do ` nt understand it itseemed original.its good that I did not buy two .
 I should have done my homework better . For some reason I got a `` boy '' filter when I needed a `` girl '' filter ... I probably should n't blame that on the filter , I mean it looks very nice but I have no use for it . I bought the correct one somewhere else .
 refrig filters are minimally effective , and a waste of money . Water quality is about the same as tap water , even consumer report rates these type filters as poor .
 I can believe that the oil filters I buy have a wrapper and these do n't . Would it be too much to ask to put a simple tamper-evident wrap on the filter neck ? I used to work at Lowes and watched people return these filters because they did n't `` fit '' . What is to stop someone from draining , drying , and returning the filter for a refund ? How do you know their dog did n't slobber on it ? When I received these filters and saw the poor factory packaging , I slapped the return label on the box and sent them back to Amazon .
 purchased this filter in December my water started to taste like rust after 3 months . my top water taste bather w/out filter.wouldn ' t buy this product again will try some other brands.filter should last 6 months not 3 . is there warranty on this thing i need replacement .
 I was surprised that I did n't get what the photo showed . I thought I ordered the Whirlpool product that was pictured . Instead I got a compatible product but not the real deal . If you want a knock off then you can get it a lot cheaper elsewhere . Bogus
 I just recieved another brand some after market not the item advertised as Whirlpool.This filter compared to Whirlppol is not the same if you shake it it has something inside that moves . It does not seem to be similar in quality . I do not know why this is not corrected yet on Amazon it still shows Whirlpool product and picture and you recieve a product as Water Sentinel . I did recieve a credit for the error after a few calls so customer service was okay .
 I bought this 2 pack of water filters thinking I could save money by getting two at once . They fit right and seemed okay but the water tasted nasty even after flushing gallons through the system . I wrote it off as a bad filter . Put the second one in and it 's slightly better but the water still has this weird taste . I will never order this type of filter again -LRB- I assumed with the ` Pur ' name on it , it would be okay -RRB- . I 'm also assuming they were new and not used , but either way , I am not pleased with this purchase . I just ordered a different filter that is a ` Kenmore ' as I 've used in the past .
 I rarely use my in-door water dispenser . I only use ice . As much as these filters cost , they should last longer than 3 months . I do like the ease of ordering .
 I do n't like it ! It made the water taste metallic . I was using a generic filter before and there was no taste with the water . I had to switch back to the old one . I would not buy this again . This is not the fault of the seller just the product itself .
 I installed this filter and have all kinds of sediment coming out of my fridge faucet . Looks like calcium deposits . Highly noticable when you boil water . I use one of those pitcher that filter water an it works great .
 Unfortunately , this particular filter did not fit my fridge filter tube . Had used same brand in past but it must have been different model # . Had it way too long to send back . Appliance store now charges $ 40 for one of the Pur water filters . Wish co. would idicate exactly which of their filters will fit which models . They do n't seem to offer the filter I used to buy any longer . Sears costs even more than local store & we have to order by mail & pay shipping charges .
 Between the time I selected the item and click ordered - it changed to a different number then the one I wanted .
 It does n't seem to be filtering , were not getting the good tasting water that normally comes through the filters , are these defective , can I exchange them ?
 The filter that arrived was not fabricated by the company that makes the OEM Filters for Whirlpool - this filter is a aftermarket replacement . The o rings that are part of the filter are smaller than the o rings that are on the OEM . Not an issue for water quality but could be a problem during installation - they provide a lubricant for the seals so to reduce the chance for the o rings to foul during installation . The water tastes fine , but the ice cubes produced are cloudy . Before the new filter was installed , the ice cubes were more translucent with the old filter . I will go with the OEM filter listed on Amazon next time and save about $ 14 compared to Lowes .
 I usually buy my filters at my local hardware store and have always been happy with them.I decided to order one this time.I do not know what the difference is but I must have gotten a bad one.i have run about 10 gallons of water thru to try to get some kind of lint out of the filtered water.This is strange if I had not threw the box away I would return it , this one is defective .
 I tested my tap water with a TDS -LRB- total dissolved solids -RRB- meter . It read 458 . Not very good . I then tested the water that ran through this filter . It read 458 ! ... and this is supposed to be NSF certified !??? Something is rotten in Denmark.I feel that the only thing that was filtered was the money from my wallet . It 's a good thing that Amazon has a solid return policy.There can only be one of two explanations :1 -RRB- the product is a fraud and the BBB and Consumer Reports should be notified2 -RRB- the seller is shipping used filtersI can not see any other explanation that makes sense.My recommendation is to purchase a TDS meter and test it yourself . If you buy a Zero Water Filter ... which is what we now use at home ... one is included free with the pitcher.What really upsets me the most is that there are families with children that think their water is now safer after having installed one of these filters and they are really drinking the same contaminated water . If someone is taking a shortcut to make money here ... all I can say is that bad kharma is coming your way and I would not want to be you . ~ Peace
 came in package that was damaged and seemed opened . I had my doubts about its status as a new product . Buyer be aware .
 What a piece of crap , used it twice and the module went bad , checked BD for part and it cost 37.25 do n't buy .
 Since it did n't come with any router bits , I 'm waiting for the bits to arrive so I can use it & see how well it holds up .
 With the exception of a few cosmetic details , this router is the same as the plunge router offered by Harbor Freight.Is it total junk ? Not quite.If you are experienced with routers , especially the cheap imported varieties , then you can use this to do almost anything good routers do . Likewise , if you are a part-time woodworker , and do n't ask too much from the tool , it performs OK.The spindle-lock is `` ify '' and does n't inspire confidence when tightening the collet . That COULD be dangerous!Cast cadmium-pot metal / zinc body will not allow heavy torque on any of the adjustment mechanisms , especially for plunge-depth and stops . Even cheap screw threads are harder than this metal.The dust port on the cheaper Harbor Freight model is actually BETTER than this B&D. ; The motors on both of them are EXACTLY the same . They are strong at high-speeds , but bog-down at lower settings . So , do not imagine you can use either of them at lower speeds for larger-bits ; such as for panel raising or shaping.The motor bearings are cheap . That means they will only last a short while . That 's OK for the `` weekend-warrior '' or the `` bargain-basement '' guy that only needs to do a few routing jobs to justify the cost , but this thing will not handle professional demands . Neither will the HF version.My buddy bought both this , AND the HF models . When this one died , he got the cheaper one at HF and was OK for a while . Then the brushes on it failed too . -LRB- he ran it slow , for larger bits , so the machine drew too much current and ate brushes . -RRB- I repaired both of them by replacing brushes and installing better bearings . I modified both of them by smoothing the collets for better grip . I ground a ` flat ' on the stop-column and replaced filed the cheap set-screw on the stop-collar flat so it would grip better . I also showed my friend how to adjust depth with gauge blocks so the sloppy depth gauge creates no problems.Bottom line
 Received this router as a gift and have never heard good things about B&D ; tools . But i gave it a chance , used it for less then 1hr run time , maybe 10 start and stop runs , and the height adjustment lock has already stripped creating a useless tool . Has small standard base , extremely wide handles making it difficult to use clamps anywhere near project piece and no `` soft '' start which i find to be one of the most important features.I would consider this to be a very bad product , with lots of potential problems considering how much plastic is used.Spend your money on a Bosch 1617EVS -LRB- old school -RRB- , or even better yet a Triton MOFOO1KC -LRB- new school -RRB- .
 The Black & Decker Plunge Router is a piece of junk . The first time I attempted to use it , the plunge slide bars disengaged from the base . Small retaining washers fell off the plunge stop . I attempted to repair these things to no avail . I returned the router to a local DeWlat B&D repair facility who sent it back to the factory . The repair shop told me I would receive a new router in about 10 days . I waited . . no router . I called DeWalt B&D and they told me they stopped making this router and I would receive a refund . I got the refund which was less than what I paid for the router originally . That 's the LAST B&D tool I 'll ever buy .
 I bought it and it worked for one day . Second day it did not workIf you buy it you will find out it is unreliable piece of junk
 I bought this at Home Depot to go along with my drip irrigation system for my landscaping . It seemed to program relatively easily , and worked relatively well at first . Then I noticed that one day , it had reset and was `` off '' . Nobody had touched it , and the battery was still good . I reprogrammed it , and it worked for a short while again . The idea behind this was that while we were on vacation , we could have our landscaping watered without needing to bother our neighbors with the task . Well , that did n't work out so well . I put a BRAND NEW 9V into it the morning we left . We went on our vacation and came back 3 weeks later . Half our plants looked pretty under-watered . I go to the back , and the device is listing `` low battery '' . I try to get it to turn on or do anything ... no dice . Strange , as when I checked the battery with a tester , it 's still a good battery . I take out another NEW battery and put it into the device , and what do ya know , an hour later , it 's telling me it is `` low battery '' . What junk ... did n't even work 6 months !
 My wife got this for me on sale . Loved the controls , which are simple and logical . Timer worked great for one season , but then started turning on at times not programmed and were erratic turning off , too . Tried changing the battery , but did n't help . Too bad . Seems sturdy and tight and well laid-out . But southern Texas climate mandates dependable watering or everything dies .
 I came to Amazon to look for a replacement and happened upon this site , where I see that I 'm not the only one that has had a problem.I shop on Amazon a lot , and I have never seen so many bad reviews for product failure.The money is n't worth it for me to pursue Melnor for a refund -LRB- which , on further consideration , may explain why it keeps selling a clearly defective product -RRB- . But I guarantee you - I will NEVER buy anything from Melnor again .
 Very hard to program . Ca n't tell if it is on or off . After 3weeks noticed it was n't workong . Battery was dead . Removed battery -LRB- 9 volt -RRB- and terminals were full of corrosion . Unit had leaked water inside and completely corroded away one contact , making device useless . Thank God ! Now I can buy a good one . Hated this thing from day one .
 low battery indicator does not worki put a battery inunit would not manually turn water on/off -LSB- -LSB- did not operate the valve -RSB- -RSB- low battery indicator never came onworks fine with ` different ' batterywtfwhat does ` low battery ' mean?it 's REALLY dead , but by the way there is some mystery state where it doesn ; t work but the battery is n't ` low ' ? i mean the battery indicator should indicate ` it is not going to do what you expect it to do ` wtfwhat ELSE is it going to screw up?also i hate the battery changingscrews are not attached , have to pry the cover off , then the cover isn ; t attached , have to find a screwdriver , hard to see and decode polarity indicators , blahit may go back to the store soonwle
 I was going into the hospital in May and bought 2 of these so my gardens would get watered . They worked great for a couple of months and then turned on and would not turn off . Changed battery and one is back working , the other wo n't even come on again .
 Leaked , and user interface was a bit challenging . Returned and purchased competing product from Orbit -- which does n't leak and has a more intuitive U/I .
 I travel out of town often on work related business . I bought this item to run soaker hoses in my garden while I was out of town . During one trip , I had a multi-hose manifold break and send out a shower of water for several days . The Melnor timer got wet , and even though the battery compartment has a waterproof gasket and the unit looks to be weatherproof , the LCD screen fogged up and stopped working . This could just as easily have been a heavy rain that caused the problem . Beware if you buy this unit . Keep it sheltered from heavy downpours .
 This is my second Melnor 3015 that has failed in two years . The first worked for one season and the valve would not open . I liked the unit other than that and decided to purchase another one for the following season , because I came up with a plan to put it in storage after last season . At the end of last season I removed the unit opened the valve manually and flushed it with air from my air compressor . Then I gave it a few shots of LPS-1 , while cycling it on and off between shots . Put it in a zippy bag and on a shelf till this spring . And I thought I was so cunning . Got It off the shelf 3 weeks ago , Put in a new battery and ` VIOLA ' the valve was frozen again . For what I paid for this unit I expected it to operate for a couple season at least . Yes , I do feel like I was ripped off , but I only used one battery per season .
 I have had several of these . I agree with the others . Do n't waste your money . One time water got into the housing , other times it would n't turn on by itself . I 'll never buy a Melnor again .
 Melnor 6-Cycle Electronic Aqua Timer # 3015I had this device for three weeks when I found it had leaked internally and the battery contacts had rusted completely away . Now who would make a device designed to work near water with corrodible contacts ? Melnor it seems . This device is just not make with any sense of quality . Do not buy it .
 I have gone through 5 of these things over the past 2 years . They do not last . They either crack internally and the electronics get wet or the LCD just stops working . Poor design .
 I had owned a Melnor timer before this model and when the threads broke I bought a new one . This model does n't work ! It does n't turn on for days and when it does go on , it is at the wrong time . Amazon replaced the origional one that I ordered after I complained but the replacement does n't work any better that the first one . Stay away from this product !!!
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM WHICH WORKED FOR 1/2 A SUMMER THEN WENT SCREWY AND TURNED ON AN OFF AT WILL . THE SECOND ONE WORKED FOR 1 WEEK AND AFTER GETTING SOAKED TRYING TO SHUT IT OFF , I TOSSED IT ALSO . PURCHASED A DIFFERENT MODEL BY SAME MANUFACTURER , SAME GARBAGE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . -LRB- TRIED TO GIVE NO STARS , BUT IT WOULD N'T LET ME -RRB-
 I purchased this product two weeks ago and was very pleased with the ease of setup and operation . That is until today , when the timer missed it 's 7:00 am wake up call and when I removed the battery cover , I found the compartment and I am assuming the electronic control board completely flooded.Bringing this garbage back where I bought it and hopefully I do n't have to wait until next Summer before they get me another one .
 This Melnor irrigation clock is very easy to understand how to set . However , I prefer their 3 cycle dial-type clock . Unfortunately the old 3 cycle clock broke off where the hose-bib meets . The 6 cycle clock came on at a different time than was set and did n't turn off . It was hard to tell if the indicator meant it is set , or if it means time to set it , or if it means pause , because it was not consistent with the directions . I am in the market for the original dial-type 3 cycle again .
 I bought 2 timers from Home Depot . They both worked for about a week before they filled with water and died . I contacted Melnor and explained the problem . They were apologetic , stating they had a batch -LRB- must have been the Home Depot batch -RRB- with inferior software . They are sending replacements -LRB- with new software -RRB- at no cost . Will update when new timers are put into use .12 / 15/08I 've had the new replacements in use for over a year and am putting them away for the winter . These timers have been flawless . They 're easy to program and they consistently turn on and off at the designated times , provided my batteries are fresh -LRB- changed them once this summer -RRB- . I use mine on a drip system and from time to time notice my drippers are not dripping . The cause is from debris in the screen entering the timer from my well water system . When the screen is clean the water flows.May 11 , 2011It 's been almost 3 years since I received the replacements . I just brought them out after their winter rest and have them installed on my systems . They 're still working perfectly !
 I have 4 of these and two have already broken . I bought them hoping they would be better than Melnor 's previous model -LRB- bigger , rectangular looking green thing -RRB- which all four broke within a year.NOTE , I take very good care of all of my tools . Change batteries , bring in during the winter , etc. . This is a quality problem , not a user problem.I have lost plants and wasted a ton of time messing with these things , changing batteries , looking for receipts , etc.MELNOR , shame on you . This is irresponsible and you should recall and apologize for not doing your job -LRB- testing a product -RRB- . -RRB- .
 out of seven timers i purchased new at home depot four failed within a month . they filled full of water and the function failed and i kept them instead of returning them . anyway i could not recommend these for anyone who relies on performance
 Considering how much landscaping costs , there 's little reason to scrimp on timers . I learned this the hard way , coming home from vacation to find my yard brown and parched . This timer , which was less than a year old had failed , and as a result , so did my grass.I 'm now in the market for a new one that actually works .
 This thing looks like it should be a great timer . The interface is just about perfect for what it does . You just set the current hour , then when you would like it to come on in the day , how many days between each watering , and how long to water each time . Then the device promptly ignores all input and starts turning on and off at random . I love seeing the screen say `` Current Time
 I wish I would have read the reviews here first . Bought a model 3015 at Home Depot today . -LRB- Picked the 2nd one in the display as it was obvious the first had been opened/returned . Should have taken that as a clue . -RRB- Installed it , turned on the water and gave it a slight twist to move the display to the side -LRB- out of the direct sun -RRB- and the top blew off . Water everywhere . Good thing I did n't leave it on and go to work !
 I have owned 2 of these water timers in the past year.The first worked great for about four months , then the entire face of the timer popped off . I heard it from across the yard . I exchanged it for a new one at Home Depot.The second I used in the fall and then retired it for the winter . After a week of use this spring , it stopped functioning . The lights were out so I thought it might be the battery . The battery compartment was filled with water and the contacts had corroded . It was useless.I do not recommend this product .
 When they work they are great . I have just had 3 , yes 3 of these timers that out of the box have not worked in the last three weeks . Massive floods , random on / off cycles , and no help from Melnor . Keep your receipt and buy local . You will probably be taking one back real soon . I have bought about ten of these over the last few years and have returned at least 6 , maybe 7 .
 We really like this timer . It is exactly what we were looking for . It is so easy to program and also change the program when necessary . Plus the price was right . Hope you keep this timer around for a long time for when we need another one .
 Seriously , this thing is worthless . Sometimes it comes on , usually it does n't . No rhyme or reason to how it turns on . It ignores the setup.I 'm on my second one , hoping the first was just an anomaly . No luck . If you depend on this to keep your plants alive , you 'll be making repeat trips to the nursery .
 Bought two of these , one could n't keep time and the other leaked water into the electronics and stopped working the first day ! Please do n't waste your time and money .
 I purchased two of these units from Home Depot a couple of days ago . Considering appearance , features and ease of programming , the unit seemed the ideal choice . After trying for over two hours to get them to work , I was unsuccessful . I finally went online to seek help and discovered that my experience is not unique . Do not waste your time on this product .
 I do not know how this product rated because I sent it back without opening it because it was not what I ordered !!!
 This item worked fine for three months and then broke . Had it replaced and the same thing happened . I abhor products that do not work as they should and do not last.Avoid this item !
 I purchased this timer to keep my pool filled . It worked well for a few months and then decided not to shut off . I tried changing the batteries to no avail . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this timer .
 Simply does not work.Called the manufacturer . Went through the whole protocol.Said I was doing everything correctlyGot a second set of new long lasting batteries . Still did not work.Never would work . Waste of time.This happened with both units I bought.I know it sounds like I am doing something incorrectly.It does not appear that this is the case.You can program it and turn it on with the manual switch but the timer function does not work.Do not ever buy this brand.As another review said , `` Why do they make things that do n't work ? ''
 The Melnor readout is small , and you need an engineering degree to program it -LRB- I exaggerate , but only slightly -RRB- . I lost track of how many times the unit failed to water either because of battery issues or because I failed to program it correctly . After two years rain water got into the battery compartment and the unit failed for good , providing me an opportunity to seek a replacement . I bought an Orbit one-dial timer for about $ 5 more than the Melnor , and the difference between the two units is like night and day . If you 're looking for a reliable , simple to use water timer , the Melnor is not for you .
 I first started out buying 1 of these . It was the older round model 605F . 6 years later it still works great , but they discontinued it and i had to buy 3 of these . They worked fine for about 30 days and two broke . I email the company and they sent me two new one which lasted me the rest of the year . The start of the next year one filled up with water and stopped working and and the other just stopped working . So i mailed them to the company with a letter and they sent me two more and they worked for the rest of the year . The start of this year i just put one on and the entire outer casing blew apart . Do n't have a clue why . I have one that works now and i still have the OLDER model 605F that keeps trucking along . I 'm done with this model or go back to the older model which works .
 I owned three of this things -- but it never last a whole season . low quality , it got flooded in the battery compartment , never get to work right . I ca n't return it anymore , so I need to buy different brand .
 Worked for two seasons then broke . The electronics remained operational but something inside leaked and flooded the battery compartment . The entire innards were under pressure and water was spewing out from cracks in the casing . Needless to say the battery compartment had corroded and I thought cleaning it out and putting in a new battery would be enough . But apparently the reason it corroded was from the internal valve leak .
 This is one of the worst if not the worst timer on the market . This review is not based on owning a single unit but three units that have all failed miserably . The longest one unit worked was one season . The operation is simple and the timing mechanism seems to perform adequately . All units failed internally at a seal , a valve or a hose connection . One flooded internally causing the battery to corrode and fail . The other two would leak water at the faucet side of the connection when the internal valve was closed . This was most likely due to a bad seal or cracked plastic . This unit is cheaply made and I warn all consumers to avoid this timer at all costs ; you will only be disappointed .
 This product deserves no star but that is n't a choice with Amazon 's rating system.I bought two of these Melnor 6-cycle timers `` on sale . '' When I got them home , one would not work , but I could not return it because it was a sale item . The other worked , but not reliably , for one season -LRB- about May through November -RRB- , but did not work when I tried to use it the next year . Even when it worked , I could not trust it to turn on when it was programmed to and therefore had to have a neighbor check on my plants when away from home for a few days.Every place I 've checked with reviews of this gives it a thumbs down . It is a piece of junk that can be found in most garden centers and many garden sections in super-markets . I do n't understand how a company could continue making and selling such a defective product year after year , and why stores would continue selling it . I do n't recommend buying it -- chances are it will be unreliable or not work at all -LRB- turn on and off as programmed -RRB- .
 Bought one of those at H *** D **** . It worked fine for 3 days then the automatic function failed . Wrote customer service and was told to refer to its website for warranty policy , which does not exist . Brought it back all the way from Asia for an exchange and the second one was dead on arrival . Had to chalk this one up as a loss as a result of my own bad judgement - should have just returned it .
 The previous generation of this time worked great . I have 4 older ones which have worked great for about nine years . Purchased a new one last month and it is already broken . It worked for two weeks and then it filled with water and of course it is now worthless . Avoid this timer
 I bought two of these timers last year and they worked great ... for three months . Both will not work this year -LRB- after storing in heated garage for the winter -RRB- . Expensive and not worth the money .
 I bought two of these , and have returned them both . Neither worked as advertised . One did not keep a good seal with the faucet , so water just continued to drip out of the top of the timer . The other filled with water , and even though water conducts electricity , it 's not a good idea to have the battery surrounded in it . At least I think I heard that somewhere.Don ' t buy this unless your life is running short on frustration .
 These timers appear to have one significant flaw . The inlet can easily break off leaving you with a timer that can not connect to the hose bib . If you are lucky enough to get one that does not have the inlet pop off , or if you can glue it back on successfully , then these seem to work pretty well .
 I used this product last summer because it was the only one that my home improvement center had for under $ 50 . Well I went through 3 of them in one summer , because they kept breaking -LRB- the timer stopped working , or the water seals broke -RRB- . All I can say is that I did n't even get what I payed for . Do n't buy this one !!!
 I bought one and the plastic hose attachment broke off as soon as I turned on the water . I returned it the next day and , assuming it was flawed , bought the same one . The exact same thing happened , so I know it was n't a manufacturer defect , it 's just trash .
 I bought two and they broke within a week . Do n't buy this model . They leak and break very easily .
 This timer has very limited settings and those do n't work . A week after installing it I tried to change the settings . The start time went crazy and kept cycling through the hours . And , of course , to take the battery out and force a reset requires dismounting the timer . Spend more on a different brand .
 I have owned 3 of these and each one has failed . This morning , I discovered the water still running 2 hours after the timer had come on . It was supposed to run for 10 minutes ! I use them when I go away for a month at a time , so it 's essential that the timer works properly , but this one is a piece of cr * p.My local Home Depot only sells this brand . Do n't waste your money .
 I have had this timer for only 2 seasons now . All of the sudden , it keeps showing that the battery is bad , when I have already changed the battery . It worked great during the first year , but only lasted for about one year . I will spend the extra money on a better product this time .
 I bought 3 of these timers at Home Depot under the Vigoro brand , but they are the same POS . I installed 2 on parts of my mountain cabin 's drip watering system . 1 failed after a week and stuck open , costing me $ 290.00 in wasted water -LRB- water is expensive there -RRB- . The other failed while I was there and also stuck open . I replaced DIG 90001d timers that died after 5 years with this junk , trying to save money . Big mistake ! At least the DIG timers fail in the closed position .
 Of the three I bought last year one still works but the lcd is unreadable , making them all unusable . Eight of the eight Gilmores are still working .
 Water built up inside the unit till the screen was obscured and then damaged , electronics eventually failed also causing it to cycle on its own . Happened slow enough that warranty expired before it was noticeable . Who builds a watering timer that is n't waterproof ? .
 This timer is just not worth the money . The plastic conntector to the hosepipe breaks easily . It consumes batteries quickly ; one 9v battery does not contain that much eneregy . I came home to a flood because the plastic connector decided to break .
 Worked fine the first season , but now it does n't . I 'd recommend another option , if you can find one .
 I bought four of these timers at the beginning of the 2008 season and two were dead by mid-May . The reason
 The unit is very easy to program , and with all the possible cycles is very flexible and adaptable to most any need . The problem is it only worked for about a month . After that , it tried to kick in as programmed , but immediately shut off -- useless . It 's an aweful lot of money to spend for such a short period of operation .
 This product has a major flaw . It does not keep time . The time of day clock gains about an hour every 12 hours or so . I have to keep changing the time so that I water at the proper time .
 I bought three of these this spring . Two failed by July . Went to my local Ace Hardware to return them , and was told the product has been recalled as defective . They gave me a full refund for all three , even the one that had n't broken yet ! There was a pile of them in the manager 's office that had been returned after breaking !
 I should have read here before buying . I 've had each problem . Blowout of inlet connection -LRB- pressing back together with PVC glue fixed this -RRB- , erratic time keeping , turns on and will not turn off and water in the battery compartment -LRB- added pipe thread sealer to o-ring -RRB- . Very bad unit .
 I purchased one of these , set the time and settings , and hooked it up to my sprinklers . It fired three hours early . Interesting . I noticed the time had drifted by three hours , so I set the current time again . Same deal . It fired three hours early . On one other day , it just picked a time at random.Returned it , as the unit I had was defective.The replacement did the same thing . The time drifted , and it started watering my lawn three hours early.That 's enough of that . These units would be fine , if they worked right , but they do n't . Additionally , the buttons do n't work right , and require repeated presses to make any change . The user interface is actually pretty good , but the unit itself is poorly engineered .
 I thought I was buying the older , round style , Melnor timer , as that model was pictured in the Amazon ad . The round timer could be set in the dark , as it had a different colored , flashing light , for each timer selection -LRB- ie
 I wish I 'd read these reviews before purchasing the Melnor 3015 . I 've returned 2 purchased this week from Home Depot . Neither one would prevent water from moving through the device while out of the programmed `` on '' time . Home Depot is great about taking them back , but what a waste of time and gas . After first fail , I called customer service and operator listened to about 2 sentences and said , `` it 's defective , take it back '' . Based on reviews here , I 'm guessing that they get lots of complaints .
 This is a great timer with a weak plastic female connection on the top . Eventually , it will crack and spew water uncontrollably all over the place until you discover it and replace the timer . The connection can not be replaced by the owner.This flaw is really a shame . If the timer had a metal connection , it would be the perfect garden timer .
 I purchased two of these timers last Spring at Home Depot and both have now died . For the single season that they were working , they worked great . The timer is easy to use and has many options in terms of scheduling , etc. . No leaking at all . I took them in last Fall and stored them in the basement , hoping the would work fine this year , but alas . The first one flooded the first day I used it . I did not bother to take it apart , but the battery compartment was clearly wet and a lot of water ran out of the drain holes on the bottom . So that went in the trash . The second one held up for a month or so and then the female connector cracked and started leaking . The leak got so bad it made the thing inoperable , so I decided to open it up and see if I could fix it . There is not easy way to get this thing apart . The two halves are glued together . I finally cracked it open with a chisel and a hammer . The entire valve with the two connectors is a single piece of molded plastic . There was no way to easily replace the female end . If I had been able to easily replace the female connector , I might given this thing a decent rating . My only advice is to remove one of the two filter screens -LRB- black and green -RRB- on the female end to make more space for the male connector to screw in.Regardless , this is just another example of why I am not buying any hoses or hose accessories with non-brass connectors .
 I installed this timer and it worked great - for all of one day . The second day it started watering at a completely different time and did n't turn off on its own . The third day it did n't turn on automatically at all and had to be manually started . The fourth day it stopped working completely . Replaced the battery - still did n't work . The fifth day we threw it in the trash and bought one from Orbit .
 Only worked for a limited time before reading the battery was low . Replace the battery and it only takes a few minutes before the battery low comes on yet again . Do n't waste your money .
 Is it possible to select less than one star for my rating ?? Bought my first one at Home Depot . It worked like a charm until I connected it to the spigot . So off to Home Depot to foolishly exchange it . Got home and did a quick program and could hear the until switch on , so I figured I was good to go . Wrong ! Put it on the spigot and it did n't do anything . Messed with it for a while longer trying to see if was me that just did n't understand how to program it , but it was n't me . It was this worthless piece of junk . It 's going back to the store tomorrow for a refund . I 'll get something better . Vigoro should be ashamed of making / selling something this bad . I should have read reviews before buying it .
 I bought mine under the `` Vigoro '' brand name at a hardware store , not thru Amazon -LRB- the design is identical , down to the programming -RRB- . This lasted for about 10 months before it stopped working . I opened up the battery compartment and it was flooded with water . I let it dry for a good three days before putting in a fresh battery . The numbers came on , I programmed it , hooked it up , but no dice . The valve never worked again under automatic mode , only manual mode .
 After a year of use the inlet broke off - luckily while I was screwing the hose in . Bad news if it breaks while you are not there ! I could n't return it to home depot because of the time so I decided to check it out ... the part that `` broke off '' seemed to be a press fit ... there was no broken plastic , little indication of glue . The press fit just seemed to come out - not good at all.I decided to use some epoxy and repair the unit ... something that melnor should use in the first place!Also it 's a bit funky selecting the program on/off ... I have to press the button multiple times to get it to respond .
 This model seemed to work fine for the first year , but when I tried it out for this summer , everything works except the valve -- ie , it does n't turn the water off at all . Manual override makes a clicking sound inside the body , but the water does n't turn off . Moving on to a different brand . And I ca n't find any way to open it up to see if it 's fixable . NOT recommended .
 These timers would last a season and I figured one a year is n't all that bad for the price . As I set up my watering needs using more of them I found either they filled with water , ate batteries weekly , or did n't work . Buying locally they are the only game in town . The last straw was 10 days ago I left on vacation . I came home to find my back yard now a pond . Somehow , the thing stayed on long enough to water my yard with according to the water company 37,000 gallons of water!NEVER AGAIN !
 It worked great for about 3 months , then it flooded our back yard . The body leaked like a sieve , irreparable .
 This timer stopped functioning after one month of use . It is very poorly made , not worth the money and I will be seeking a refund .
 Purchased the same item from Home Depot under the Vigoro name . Left it on for a summer and assumed that it was battery failure when it stopped working . This summer tried it out earlier . The timer just does not work ! No flooding like others have experienced . It just does not go on and off at the programmed time.A complete waste of money . Melnor should have recalled these long ago ! Do not buy under any circumstances !
 It worked great for about 8 months . Easy to set , worked at the right times . Then some gasket or other broke on the inside , and when it turned on , it would just flood water throughout the whole thing .
 I knew it was not working as it should when a few times I came home only to find it was running when it was n't supposed to be . But I just got my water bill for the period covered when I was using it and it was FOUR TIMES what I normally pay . I 've had bad water timers before but never had this problem . It seems lately anything I buy never last me more than one season . I had much better luck with a NELSON I bought in the mid-90s . Wish I could find that one again .
 I own 3 of these and they did n't last 1 year . They all lose time and one of them turns on at the wrong time and does n't stay on the correct amount of time . Complete waste of money .
 We bought this under the Vigoro name at Home Depot . Got it home , installed a brand new battery in it , and hooked it up . I set it according to the directions . I wanted it to run every 3 days , coming on at 9 am and running for 2 hours.It came on once , at 12 midnight , and ran for 30 minutes . I reset it the next day , installed another brand new battery , again set for 3 days , on at 9 am , run for 2 hours.That night it came on again at 12 midnight , ran for 30 minutes.This is a hunk of junk and should NOT be purchased . I just hope Home Depot will take it back ... that 's $ 30 or so I 'd like have back .
 I only used this product for one summer . It worked fine at first , but by the end of the summer it could n't keep time any longer . Fresh batteries did n't help.Find a better product .
 Worked great for a little while and now it starts for only a second at the scheduled times , and then shuts off again . I replaced the batteries with fresh ones - did n't help at all.Garbage .
 Bought this at Home Depot , but returned it the next day and got my money back . It was impossible to read the numbers on the screen . I tried indoor lighting , outdoor , shade , whatever . I could n't distinguish `` am '' from `` pm '' except with great difficulty , and could n't distinguish the numbers on the screen representing the number of minutes to run , starting times , etc. , at all .
 This product `` upgrade '' replaces the round model . The previous model at least worked for a year . This model releases water into the inside which of course destroys it . I tried 4 times . There is obviously a need for such a product , but this is not one to purchase . It is easy to program , but what is the use when it breaks so quickly . This product should not be sold !
 Tried two of these and neither one would connect without leaking . The second one flooded inside as well . Do n't bother .
 I 've purchased two of these timers and both retained water and stopped working within two months .
 Waste of money , just like all Menlor products . I 've bought 5 different Menlor/Vigoro timers and all 5 have failed within 2 years . I 'm the fool for buying them , but I wo n't anymore . It 's convenient to get them from Home Depot , but I 'll never make that mistake again . This particular model failed right out of the package . The on/off switch would not shut off .
 These timers were installed 5 areas to be used for drip system and soaker hoses . It has been about a year and all timers have been replaced at a minimum of 2 times . We did some landscape work and these timers where covered under the warranty , so I did n't have to keep replacing them . However , now the warranty is over and 2 replaced timers failed couple of weeks ago . I will be buying a different product and replace all the timers to keep avoiding the fustration .
 Horrible . Does NOT work at all . The manual timer part worked , but shut off after 1/2 hour . The programmable part did n't work at all . Took the item back to H *** D **** , and the cashier told me that she gets a lot of these timers returned , and they have to stockpile them and send them back to the company . She said that a lot of the items this company makes get returned , and I can see why ...
 I purchased this so that my garden would be watered while I was away on vacation for a week . Upon returning , I learned that it was running continuously so my neighbor turned off the faucet . When I opened the battery compartment , it was flooded with black water and the battery was extremely corroded .
 I bought two of these , and they both had to be replaced . One failed after 24 hours ; the other lasted a week .
 Worked fine for four months . The battery died , and when I went to change it I could not remove the plug to get to it . The rubber gasket around the battery compartment door melted and sealed it shut . The plastic cracked when I tried to get it open . There was water in the battery compartment , so I doubt it would have worked anyway.I wo n't be buying any more Melnor products .
 I bought this timer at home depot and would not recommend it to anyone . I followed instructions and it did n't even work . Do n't waste your time or money !
 Bought this water timer a year and a half ago . It survived through the first winter , but did not make it through the second one
 Bought from Home Depot - never worked right - took a while to get it to start at the right time - when I accomplished this small feat the next challenge is getting to turn off - I am returning it - do not buy this - waste of time and water - ps I am back in the states for a while - cheers
 `` Works with low pressure drip and soaker hoses '' says the description . No . No , it does n't . I tried hooking it up to my rain barrel and there was n't enough pressure to make it function . On a normal spiggot , though , it seems to work fine . I 've had it watering an area where I laid down grass seed . I set it up to turn the sprinkler on every 6 hours and run for 5 minutes , and it seems to be handling the job just fine .
 This timeer is apiece of junk . When I first attached to the faucet , the top attaching unit poped off . I tried to reattach it , my strength didnot equal the force necessary , so now it sits as a memento of a bad purchase .
 Terrible product . I bought 3 of these at one time . The first filled with water on the first use . Contacted Melnor and they replaced it . The replacement does n't water at all . Neither does one of the others . The third does water , but I have it scheduled to water every 3 days and it goes off every day instead .
 Me too . Went through three of these , and every one had the threaded fitting at the top blow off . Special bonus
 I had high hopes for this timer . Looked solid , did what I need by looking at the directions and box . Boy was I wrong . The valve on top is horrible . I bought 5 of these and all 5 of them broke at the top . The sales clerk at Home Depot said they 're thinking about not carrying them anymore with all the problems they 've had . I also had a problem reprogramming it . I originally had it set to go once a day but when I switched it to once every 3 days it still stayed on the once a day program . . Not worth the money at all .
 I purchased two of the new 2007 3015 model digital timers to operate sprinklers on two parts of my property . As mentioned in other reviews , the new model looks completely different than the old model in the picture . From the very beginning , the timers were extremely unreliable . I have had them for around a month now , and my opinion of them has only gotten worse . They were easy to program , but good luck getting it to operate according to it.Issues experienced : - The timers would turn on whenever they wanted when the program was on , over-watering my lawn and just wasting water . - To the other extreme , I had it skip multiple days where it was supposed to turn on , causing new grass seed to get too dry . I ended up getting a rain gauge so I could tell when it was doing this , so I could water it manually . - Even with the program turned off , the timer would spontaneously turn on at a random time . It would then stay on for the amount of time set in the program , even though the program was n't on . - If you turn off the program to adjust it in any kind of way and turn it back on , it resets the `` days count '' for between waterings . Unless you want to water daily , this can be a problem if you need to adjust it.Even though the programming was fairly easy to do , its simplicity only causes more problems than anything . The old model had great reviews . I only wish I could have found it instead , since this model is clearly not up to the same standard as the previous . Melnor needs to do some more work on this one . I will be returning these timers , since I just purchased some more reliable ones of a different brand .
 I bought this product from Home Depot last year and it was just what I needed after laying down new sod . After getting the hang of it , it was easy to program and worked flawlessly . However , after storing it away for the winter and taking it back out this season , I regret to say that it was busted . After opening up the case to replace the battery , I found the battery compartment was filled with water and the contact were corroded - much like an earlier review . I tried replacing the battery , but to no avail .
 I returned the first one to Home Depot after the battery compartment filled with water -LRB- obviously a common problem with this unit ! -RRB- . They did n't sell any other brand so I exchanged it . I just opened the new one and it wo n't even turn on to program , despite the fact I inserted a brand new battery ! -LRB- I changed batteries out to ensure it 's not a battery problem ... still does n't work ! -RRB- . The `` New '' unit is under the name Vigoro and it 's model number 196 036 . I guess they were hoping the bad reviews would go away if they changed the name and number ! How about FIXING THE PROBLEMS ??!!
 wish I had read the reviews.I say the same as others - after using about 8 times it filled with water , froze that night coincidentally so now the water expanded and it 's cracked.one reviewer said an internal diaphram or seal failed - that must have happened to mine because of past exprience with water coming in , I sealed the battery compartment cover with good tape even though it had a good tight rubber gasket.i 'm not sure I have the receipt I `` ve bought so many timers -LRB- half have failed - fill with water -RRB- but am taking some of these reviews . thanks for taking the time to write . mine also filled with water.I got it at home depot as all others did , but mine has brand name Vigoro on it . from what i can tell by my research , the Vigoro site does n't have any timers - and mine looks exactly like the melnor , and amazon.com calls it calls it Melnor or Vigoro Aqua Timer . Melnor probably sold a batch to Vigoro if this is confusing anyone else . not sure if i could go directly to melnor - have n't tried though.I too as other reviewers liked he round melnor model that I bought last year and they work fine . From what other reviewers are saying , this is that replacement with the same model number 3015 - if so , I agree , that 's not right . wish me luck in getting my money back.Julius Grace
 Work once and does not work anymore , very good user interface but very poor product quality ; wasted my time and my money . It is not recommended .
 I have had two of this timer , private-labeled as the Vigaro brand and sold by H *** D **** stores . The first one failed after 8 days when an internal gasket failed and the timer electronics filled up with water . The replacement was dead on opening , never worked . Look for a different model ...
 I bought this timer and tried for a week to make it work before I left on vacation . It never worked . I tried resetting it this morning and am hoping that maybe it will work while I 'm gone . If it does n't , I stand to lose a lot of plants . Disappointing to spend so much money and then have the thing be unreliable . I put in the correct battery , followed all the instructions to the letter . Frustrating .
 I needed to replace two of my old units and was drawn by the Melnor name ; assuming quality . The first unit was purchased at Home Depot -LRB- I paid much more there than they are currently selling for now on Amazon ! -RRB- . I could not get the timer to function properly . It would engage and then dis-engage within 2 seconds . Not much of a watering cycle . A call to customer service -LRB- and to their credit -RRB- resulted in their shipping another unit , no questions asked . The second unit came in branded as a Vigoro . It appeared to be an updated model now with wireless control . Two months of working flawlessly and now the unit will not allow the water to stop flowing . No way to fix it or even see what the problem is because of the sealed case . I should have obeyed one of my tenets and that is ` you get what you pay for ' . And in this case I got frustration , two units that do n't work and a thirsty garden that I have to get up at 6:00 to start the watering system . At least my old units allowed me to dis-assemble them and do some repairs when they were having problems . But these units are no longer available nor are the parts .
 This product worked well for a week , then the timer quit working . I unscrewed the top plastic hose coupling to take a closer look at it , and when I reattached it , the uper hose coupling sprang a big leak . I thought it was me , or just a defective part . After the fact I read all the reviews , and realized that it is a terrible product .
 Worked fine for two weeks and then stopped . Opened battery compartment to check and the inside was full of water . Battery , etc. was ruined .
 These are great timers but just for a single season . I have 5 of these in my yard . I have had to replace them every season . At cost of $ 29.00 it gets expensive . Easy to program , but not very reliable .
 I have owned several melnor products and found that none of them last more than a season . They are all my Home Depot carries so they were my only choice . Electric and manual , they are definitely not made to last . I recommend you look elsewhere .
 The time worked great for a week , then it read ` low ' battery . I figured I put a bad battery in it so I changed it . Again , it only worked for a week before the ` low ' battery came up again . Put in a different brand of battery , same thing . Went out and bought new batteries for the 4th try , again it only lasted a week . Very disappointing , and more expensive than the brand I usually buy .
 I have several timers around my property . This is the only one I have problems with . The battery dies in a week . I have tried several different battery brands , including rechargeable and they all die within a week .
 Works fine , but problem is battery life . Battery only last for 1 or 2 days . Have had to change batteries several time . Is there a warranty ? If so , I would like to file claim . Totally useless as is . Please help ...
 Works for a while but I 've been through the third and last of these timers . Every year , I have to buy a new one . The first two just quit working and would n't turn on even with a new battery . This last one flooded out the interior and was completely destroyed ... I even removed the battery and stored it indoors for the winter . A outdoor timer should last longer than a year . Enough .
 This picture is NOT the Melnor product . This is a Vigoro timer . I wanted the Vigoro not the Melnor . The Vigoro works very well . Perhaps the AA batteries I used were not fresh enough , but the battery power of the Melnor was not even a week . I will try newer especially stronger batteries next .
 I did not realize my `` Vigro '' was the previous model to the Melnor 3015 I purchased earlier this week - The Vigro would not power up this summer , and the Melnor worked for 4 days , and worked POORLY . Used a set of 2 AA batteries every day . My only hope is that the company will somehow make it right.Update 7/16/2012An email to the company at an address I found on their website has resulted in an apology and I 've been told a new one will be shipped to me in the next 2-3 days . Gave them an extra star just for the service . If the new one works for longer than 4 days , I will add another star .
 This product worked like a charm for the first two months . Sometime in the third month though , the timer stopped closing properly . There was a slow leak which caused my water bill to triple . What 's the point of having a timer if it wo n't actually shut off ?
 Have been a big user of the old style 3060 for a long time using six of them . They do wear out and that 's not a flaw - it just happens to items with moving parts and circuitry . The current 3015 is a bummer with very limited programming capabilities and the new 3060 does n't have a cover and when exposed to measurable direct sunlight , it will fail . It , too , does not have the capabilities of its predesessor . Melnor `` was '' a great company offering good products - what happened !?!?!?!? If there 's anyone out there that has a working old-style 3060 and wants to sell it , let me know . By old style , it had a cover and was a square type unit using four AA batteries and had a lighted display .
 Product was used for just 2 seasons -LRB- May-Sept -RRB- . At the end of each season battery was removed and replaced in spring with new battery . Item never was wet and internal parts as well as external look new ; but no longer works . The last Melnor unit only lasted 1 season . Think they want it to fail . Needs engineering fix . Their service line is always busy ! I do not recommend .
 I have nothing new to add ... this is a terrible , yet expensive , product . I am just adding this review to make sure the product has very low star rating . The on-off button and manual overdrive both stopped working . What a waste of plastic .
 Awful . Bought these at another store , got two of them , neither worked for more than a few weeks and they never worked as described when they did .
 Two years ago I bought one of these water timers for my garden . Worked fine that summer . The next summer I hooked it up and it leaked like a sieve . I bought another because that was all my local store had . Worked fine that summer but once again when I tried to use the second one this summer the it leaked . If they cost $ 5 it might be worth it but for $ 30 there are a lot of better options .
 Bought this timer halfway through last summer . Brought inside this winter . Put in a new battery this Spring . Now it only runs on manual for approx 20 minutes before it suddenly shuts off !! Ca n't find a solution . Hoping company will replace .
 I ca n't find Melnor 's round timer anymore . It worked pretty good . Got one in the backyard that 's bulletproof and will last 6 months on 1 9v battery . This one , apparently the replacement for it , is just crap . Wo n't hold the time ... wo n't run the program consistently ... goes through batteries in no time flat . Works great on manual , though.In short , do n't waste your money .
 This timer only lasted three weeks . It failed to function while I was on vacation which was the very reason it was purchased . Apparently something was not sealed correctly in the device and the entire battery compartment flooded with water , rusting all the connections and causing it 's failure .
 This was the fanciest timer at home depot so I got it . Program options looks nice and worked fine for about a month . After that it just stopped working . I replaced the battery but it keeps shutting off . Junk .
 I bought 2 , one for the front yard with a moisture sensor and one for the back yard with moisture sensor . I planned to have a reliable watering of my new sown grass seeds for 4 weeks in June and July of my summer vacations in Germany . Both timer-sensors combinations did not work in the first place . The front yard watering timer got completely soaked after one week , the display was under water . The back yard timer did never start to water with the moisture sensor . If my neighbor would not have turned both programs off and watered manually , my lawn would have died . This stuff is poorly engineered and obviously never tested in the field.Do not buy or you will certainly regret it!Gardena watering timer never failed me .
 Bought two of these at Home Depot and neither of them worked . The more I read the instructions it became clear that this is an inferior product . The first clue is when you try and set the time ... . states to set to the nearest hour ? I could go on but I 'm on my way to return these to Home Depot . I think I 'll stick with Gilmour .
 I rarely write negative reviews , however this is one product to stay away from . Adding another `` 1 star '' to the rest of the reviews here , I bought 2 of these devices at the same time . One broke off from the faucet within the first week and the other had water in the battery compartment the same week . It is clear this design is faulty.I have since bought a Gilmour 9400 that is more expensive , however is working as advertised .
 These timers are junk pure & simple ! . I bought two of them at Home Depot and had to return both of them . On the first one , the valve would n't work either in the automatic or manual modes . On the second unit I had the same problem with the valve plus the connector that attaches to the faucet was broken off the body right out of the package .
 I purchased 5 of these timers . Of the 4 I 've set up , 3 of them have problems with timing -LRB- run too often , unrelated to the program I 've set up -RRB- . The 4th had a leaky gasket and filled with water so I 'm not sure whether the timer worked correctly or not . The customer service person was frustrated the two times I called but has agreed to replace the units . Now that I see the problems others have had , I may save myself some hassle and find an alternative product .
 Like many others who have reviewed this sprinkler , I hold the opinion that it is junk . I paid extra because of the claim of `` all metal '' and the lifetime warranty . Within the first few uses , it stopped oscillating . Will work for a couple of hours and then gets stuck . I 'd avoid this one . In fact , I doubt I 'll be inclined to buy anything from this company . If this is their top of the line model , how good can the cheap stuff be ?
 I bought this sprinkler at Home Depot and used it a few times last year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . It pluged and then stopped moving . This is really junk!Why ca n't industry make a good , reliable sprinkler ? For that matter , why does most products now only last a short time ?
 Gosh , I hate cheap sh ** . I was duped into buying this at the hardware store a few years ago because I saw the metal housing and associated that with `` quality '' . I could kick myself for that now . The sprinkler has a nice solid metal frame , but the oscillating mechanism is made of cheap plastic . Within a year of use it started getting stuck at the end of each oscillation . I tried tinkering with the settings and adjusting the water volume , all to no avail . I broke it out for use today after it was stored away all winter , and now the thing gets stuck every few seconds.I 'm going to contact Melnor in hopes of finding replacement parts for this thing . It would be a real shame to throw away this nice metal frame because of the flimsy plastic mechanics.I should point out that after use I always stored it out of the elements . Turns out that was a wasted effort !
 I bought this sprinkler because it was ` heavy duty ' and all metal . Sadly , the drive train is all plastic and promptly broke , leaving me with a sprinkler that wo n't oscillate . I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this item .
 I 've bought three of these 360M 's and two of them failed after I made the fatal mistake of touching the area limiter controls -- one of them after using it 4 times ! The only one I have that is still working is on its 3rd season now , and I 'm sure that 's because I 've never so much as looked hard at the controls.Don ' t buy this sprinkler ! If you already have one and it 's working , do n't touch the controls !
 I bought this Melnor oscillating sprinkler together with the similar Melnor 4200M 2 years ago and am now throwing both away as they both stop oscillating shortly after you set them up . It is very frustrating to start watering an area and then return to find that your sprinkler is stuck in one position and has failed at its intended job . I have 2 Gardena brand ocillating sprinklers -LRB- one is 12 years old -RRB- that work perfectly . Reliability counts so avoid these products .
 I am a bit disappointed , and my grass is brown . I bought this sprinkler a few years ago . It worked well for the first 2 or 3 seasons , but was n't oscillating properly last summer . I called Melnor and they were very kind . Because of the warranty , they offered to send me a new gear or replace my sprinkler . I chose to have my sprinkler replaced . I hope that this newer version holds up for more than 3 summer seasons !
 Spent a little more at HD for this American assembled product . First use was impressed - I liked the coverage and adjustability . But second use - the oscillating feature stopped working . I had dropped the product on the lawn as I was screwing it onto the hose . Very dissappointed . Called MELNOR customer service - left phone number on voicemail , but no callback . Based on these other reviews - I 'm returning it . I 'm going to try this lower tech solution from Nelson : Nelson Cast Iron Square Spray Pattern Stationary Sprinkler Head 50951
 I decided to try a high cost sturdy sprinkler for a change . Did not oscillate from the first day . Moves in one direction , and then sits there clicking with no return movement . Tried a half dozen different settings with no change in performance . Do n't waste your money .
 Never worked from day one . Did not oscillate . Light weight , poor quality , do n't waste your money
 I purchased this sprinkler because it appeared to be a quality product , with the frame being solidly built of rust-proof aluminum . I assumed that the motor would be as well built , but I was seriously mistaken . As other reviewers have written , the motor ceased oscillating and began to `` stick '' less than a month after purchase . Talk about annoying ! Needless to say , I returned this sprinkler for a refund , and bought a cheaper , yet more reliable oscillating sprinkler at a fraction of the cost . This is the second Melnor product that I 've owned that has performed poorly , and after this experience I will certainly avoid purchasing any more of their `` junk '' . I would recommend the same to all others .
 I bought two of these and neither works properly . Each gets stuck in one position and does not oscillate .
 What a piece of junk . I bought this sprinkler from Home Depot . It was one of the most expensive ones they had , and it looked like it was well built . After a few uses , however , it gets stuck and you have to shake it to get it to start oscillating again . It is not worth any amount of money , certainly not what they are asking .
 ORdered a second , after -LRB- luckily -RRB- having good success with the first . Second one arrived , oscilation was DOA . I am nto sure I will roder a replacement after reading all the simialr comments .
 Stupid me , I thought a more expensive $ 30 oscillating sprinkler would last longer than my previous $ 5 oscillating sprinkler . Wrong . I purchased this in May 2012 , today is July 15 , 2012 and it wo n't oscillate anymore . If water pressure is the issue as stated in another review , why did it work for 2ish months and then suddenly stop working ? Yes , I made sure the screen at the hose connection was clean . I even took it apart best I could to see if I could figure out the issue , the oscillating/gear system is sealed . So frustrating .
 Used this about 3 times in my garden , now no oscillating . Avoid this junk at all costs .
 I am on my 4th Melnor oscillating sprinkler ! The first 3 failed . ie no longer oscillates , leaks like a sieve . I have tried different models . While the hardware is metal , the oscillating part is made of cheap plastic . Brand new the oscillator failed , and after several trips to Home Depot , this one worked for a while and then it too stopped oscillating . Now it leaks like my previous one did!Find another oscillating sprinkler !
 I expect more from a $ 30 + sprinkler and will never buy another Melnor product as a result of this experience . Was never stepped on or thrown -LRB- until it quit oscillating anyhow -RRB- . Junk .
 The oscillating mechanism of the sprinkler failed within the first 30 minutes of operation . We called the manufacturer , explained the problem and were promised replacement parts immediately . We received the parts , installed them and put the sprinkler in operation immediately . It performed for approximately 8 hours and has failed again . We are in a quandry at the moment
 I bought this oscillating sprinkler in 4/2008 from Lowes and it stopped oscillating in 1 month . The frame is metal and rugged enough , but the entire gear train is plastic and looks very flimsy . Do not buy this product .
 the frame is metal , but the actual oscillating mechanism is plastic . i just blew out my 3rd . yes , i have high water pressure , but come on . is there not a sprinkler that i can just turn on?the first one i had , i turned on full blast . worked fine for a couple of weeks , then blew out . so i got a replacement -LRB- this is all from home depot -RRB- . i turned it on and it blew out immediately -LRB- you do n't really hear a loud pop , but you can see water suddenly spray from the middle of the oscillator , and when you look at it you see that it 's literally been blown apart -RRB- . so i replaced that and decided i would just be careful , since it ca n't take much use , and it 's the best one home depot has . so i turn it on just enough to get the water to spray out about 15 ' per side . well , that lasted about 2 weeks . the other blew out as i turned it on this morning.seriously , is there not a sprinkler that 's REALLY ALL METAL that i can buy ?
 I bought a second Melnor Oscillating sprinkler to replace the one that kept getting stuck . The new one stuck just like the first . How frustrating ! I wo n't be buying Melnor products again .
 I bought this sprinkler about three weeks ago , it is in the garbage now ! I thought when it did not rotate that it might have something hanging it up so , I bought a water filter and added it to the line . That was a waste of money also ! The sprinkler would rotate back and forth very well for a few rotations and then it would hang up , I then would pick it up and bump it a time or two and it would work fine for a few rotations and hang up again , then I would start over again . Finally I got tired of staying outside just so the lawn could get watered . Now , I just use a hand spray nozzle until I can get a good sprinkler.I would not recommend this product to anyone , it is a waste of time and your precious money . I like this type of sprinkler if it worked like it was supposed to .
 Picture shows older Melnor model which was a good heavy duty sprinkler . But new model that is being shipped is silver & very lightweight with cheap gears that fail within weeks . Sprinkler just stops going back and forth and stays in one position . Save your money & look for another sprinkler .
 Unlike the rest of this sprinkler 's components , the oscillating mechanism is not metal but plastic . The oscillating mechanism broke in about three hours time . I replaced it with another one and it also did not oscillate after a few hours . Save your money . I 've been through no less than 13 oscillating sprinklers . The only ones I could find had the same plastic oscillating mechanisms and all of them were returned because this mechanism would break almost immediately .
 I had to do some serious re-engineering own my worthless Melnor sprinkler . I sent Melnor photos of my fix and never got a reply or thank you from them . So , as far as I am concerned , Melnor sucks .
 I have 2 of these , probably bought at different times from local hardware store . The sturdy looking construction drew me in . The plastic oscillation assembly is actually pretty robust looking , but innards are apparently not up to snuff . One of them continues to work fine , but the other only travels in one direction and fails to rotate back after reaching the arc limiter .
 Like everyone else , it stopped oscillating after about a week . Avoid Melnor products like the plague unless you like wasting money .
 My complaint is that of many others . The sprinkler worked exactly as stated for a summer . This summer , it started sticking in one position . Now it does n't oscillate at all .
 I 'm so sad that the green metal Melnor I have that does work well does n't have a part number anywhere on it that I can find -LRB- adjustable , but not clicky like this silver one -RRB- . This one has three problems the other one did n't
 I assume I received a defective batch of dye ; others have been enthusiastic about the product . I was testing it to bring sap wood to more nearly match the heartwood in the same boards , intending to build walnut cabinets for a new kitchen . the medium brown walnut product produced a very orange color .
 You 're better off to pick these up from your like home improvement store for less money . There 's a Hampton Bay just like it at the depot .
 I was saying I would like to exchange it having problem with that can get enyone to help . Change it to the one I really like to have .
 The corner chipped off this bit on the FIRST hole . This was using a full size Delta drill press and running the correct speed in mild steel . Do n't bother with these , buy the cheap imports , they actually hold up better and are way cheaper .
 Light delivered was not the item in the web site that referred me toAmazon . Bulbs were not included and had a different base size . After searching for the proper bulbs , which were very expensive , I finally got the unit assembled and pulled the switch . It would not work . I am very appreciative of Amazon 's return policy . Stay away from this product !
 Fixture and bulbs worked well for about six months . First , the bulbs began to sag and after a few weeks they burned out . Replacement florescent bulbs are hard to find and expensive . After replacing both bulbs , a ballast failed ; unlike the bulbs , replacement ballasts are not available -- the manufacturer is out of business . Shortly , thereafter , the second ballast failed . Frustrated and fed up , I replaced the Designers lamp with a cheap Home Depot shop lamp -LRB- Bulbs included -RRB- that cost less than two Designers ' replacement bulbs .
 after about 6 months everything started going bad
 I bought two of these somewhere . They put out decent light . But that 's where anything positive ends ... Almost immediately , the bulbs started to sag . What I 'm saying is that the fluorescent tubes started to sag in their base because the heat of the lamp was softening the adhesive that holds the tubes in place.However , to the bulb 's credit , the bulb did not fail . But it was indicative of the bad design.Then , one of the ballasts failed . I contacted the manufacturer , Designers Edge , only to find out that they had been bought out by Coleman Cable . -LRB- Is that supposed to be MY problem ? I think not , -RRB- Not only do they not have any spare parts for this item , but the representative I spoke with could not have cared less . She kept saying that the shop light was out of warranty . I told her that I was aware of that and I was willing to pay for the new ballast , but all she said was that there were none available.So , be very wary if you want to buy this product or buy ANYTHING from Designers Edge , er , Coleman Cable . They also have the Woods brand . I used to think highly of Woods products , but , now that I know the manufacturer does n't stand behind their products , my opinion has changed . You can see ther brands here
 I have three of these and the wiring all fails . The light bulbs were both broken and replacement bulbs still only blinked a few seconds . I would not trust these in my shop .
 I had 2 out of 3 fixtures burn out where I put them up at work . Both within several weeks of installing and both had been used very little . The 65W flourescent bulbs that came with our lights are very bright and put off a harsh light . I will go back to using a Home Depot flourescent tube fixture .
 Avoid this work light , it 's a cheap piece of junk . The internal wiring burned out in about the first hour of use . The metal housing is tin-foil thin and was warped , and both bulbs that came with it were busted .
 The wiring did burn out fast . I have 3 of them , and they all are junk .
 I bought a fasco motor from Atera supply , It does not work , when i tried to call them the number was no longer in service .
 These screws are very very low quality . I tried to lay Advantech subflooring with them and at least 50 percent or more broke in the first two sheets . The head of the screw would just pop off . After that I gave up on these and got some Phillips decking screws . Not a single one of those broke for the remaining 16 sheets of subfloor , both were # 8 screws . I would not want to put my company name on these screws .
 Cheap quality . They rusted quickly . I am a full time carpenter so I depend on quality tools . I suppose these would be fine for an average home owner who likes to tinker around . They do n't meet up to the demands of the job .
 i bought it thinking it seemed like a good idea but on the first day both tips broke . i could n't believe it . cheap metal i guess . but the good thing is it has a lifetime warranty ... but if it breaks every time ...
 Works much better than old nail sets , which end up smashing your fingers and eventually deforming the tip . The spring action is nice and easy to do , especially in tight spots , where no worries about the hammer also denting the surrounding wall or trim.Review update from May 2012 : These worked great for about a month of medium , DIY use installing trim and flooring , before the cupped tips shattered . Still usable , but no longer stay centered on brads or finishing nails , so I am deducting points for the loss of function . Great idea , just need a more resilient material , or keep the blunt on the ends .
 one end chipped in several pieces after couple of uses driving 18 gauge brads!perhaps it is defective ? very disappointed ...
 There are 3 buttons but inside only two dip switches so you can only program two of the switches . One of the switches lets you control either the top left or right button , but not both at the same time .
 I 'm renovating my house and wanted to have a clean look on all my outlets ... so I decided to go with this ... the cost difference between this model and the typical two screws plate was exponential -- $ 3.59 to $ 0.60 ... of course , I also saw the Lutron comparable model at $ 3.89 ... my thinking was hell it should be the same at this high price range ... how so wrong I was ... the Leviton was a flimsy piece of crap that easily frayed off the bottom screw area ... leaving the top screw hold the entire plate ... ie . bulging out the bottom and side ... but since my contractor was installing them after I bought around 30 of them ... and discovered afterwards the pathetic condition of them all ... I truly regret the purchase and cost outlay ... the Lutron had two screws to hold the plate and one clean snap-on cover that hides it all ... a much better design than the Leviton flawed and poor design ... save yourself the money and either go with the cheap one or the best and ONLY the best , Lutron model . BTW , the single-gang , double-gang , or triple-gang are of the same poor design !!!
 This is a terrible design . You need to unscrew the switch or outlet to attach to backplate instead of using cover plate screw as in Lutron design .
 You want to do some real work , get real tools ! Ca n't say more than that .
 I was purchasing this for my daughter to keep at her new house , so I would n't have to haul all of my tools over there every time I went over to help her with a small project , but it was way too poorly made .
 What 's good about this little tool kit ? 1 - It stores a minimal arsenal of basic hand tools in one portable package .2 - There is sufficient space around each tool to allow your fingers room to remove and replace tools .3 - The custom fitted case clearly shows if a tool is missing , so you can remember to find and replace everything .4 - It is small , cute and `` nifty . `` What 's bad about this tool kit ? 1 - Wrenches and other tools are too small and flimsy for most home repairs , especially plumbing , heat-air , motors , garage doors , etc. -LRB- you know , the stuff that usually needs fixed immediately or at least until a pro can arrive .2 - The assortment is woefully inadequate
 Bad Build Quality . I used one of the wrenches on a rusty bike pedal , not only I could n't open the pedal -LRB- well not specifically the wrench 's problem , maybe it was too rusted -RRB- but it broke ! some of them are quite thin .
 I needed a set of tools and was n't expecting much . I just needed to do a few simple things around the house and this seemed like a good set for that and I could purchase higher quality tools when needed . The tools are all really flimsy , but the worst part was that the hammer head just came right off when I was using it . I would recommend looking elsewhere .
 This item is terrible . The quality is so bad that Amazon should be ashamed for selling it . Cheap tools . They basically are not useable . I have never left a negative review but this item is just so bad .
 I just received this set and am returning it immediately . For the price I was n't expecting very high quality tools , but I thought that coming from Amazon there would be a minimum standard -- not the case . The quality of all of the pieces is very low , the metal has been very crudely cut , the grips are thin and poorly placed on , the exacto knife and tape measure are flimsy , and the adjustable wrench that I received does n't work at all -LRB- the cogs on the handle and on the movable piece do n't meet up -RRB- .
 I bought this kit in Dec ' 05/Jan '06 thinking it could be a kind of Christmas present to myself . I had plans to use it whenever I worked on my car and do my little rounds around the house in general . The kit seemed fine at first ... I think I serviced the car once with it and used the pliers to squeeze/hold a few things . But the incident that took place this weekend has caused me to lose all hope in this kit.I visited my Mom and she asked me to service her car so I broke out my still brand-new , kit and started . The first this that went was the adjustable wrench . I locked it on to a nut and started to try to loosen it but as I applied pressure the teeth that are supposed to hold the mouth of the wrench in place broke out and the whole thing just opened up so now I have no adjustable wrench . I thought in my mind that it was just cheap material and I would just buy a better one and replace that.But next went the hammer . I tried to remove a nail with it and the claws bent , soon after the shaft went with it . It was almost as if the hammer was made from soldering iron . PPL might now be thinking that I must have used some thing to apply extra force but really , it was a normal wood nail in a wood shed and I was just using my bare hands -LRB- not a concrete nail ... no body weight -RRB- . Please ppl avoid this kit . The only reason I have not returned it as yet is because I am in another country and the shipping costs and the hassle are not worth it .
 I got this tool today from Amazon . The only thing I can use in this `` 160 '' pieces is a hammer !! Most of other pieces are nothing but junks . I 'll ask Amazon to return my money back for this piece of junk . Save your money and buy other reputable tools . Plier , wrench ... etc are not usable at all . I do n't know how they sell this kind of junk to consumers . Believe me , do n't buy it .
 Now I know this tool set seems pretty cheap but this set is pretty bad . First off do n't be fool by the 160 pieces when there are only about 50 actual tool parts in the set -LRB- you really ca n't count the nails -RRB- . ratchet is worthless , mine even came broken . All the tools clearly very poorly made . You would be better off either putting out the cash for a nice tool set which really will only run you $ 90 from Home Depot plus all tools have a life time warranty or just buying the tool you need . Just stay away from this tool set .
 Yes , rusty at delivery . I do n't mind buying something cheap and receiving something really cheap . No complain , you get what you paid for . However , receiving brand new tools , celled in box , and having the surprise to see they'are already rusty , that 's ... too much for me .
 This is not a good value as some of the pieces were real junk and could not be used .
 After I got it , I was very disappointed . The product is poorly built . You can get a much better product with the same price range at Walmart .
 This set of tools are very cheaply made.For example , the wrenches ' edges were not flat & straight , which made loosening or tightening bolts very difficult , if not strip them completely.Also , do n't be fooled by `` 160 pieces '' claim , 104 of them are small nails , screws and picture hanging fasteners.I would not recommend this tool set at all . Matter of fact , I have already returned mine to Amazon.com for full refund .
 I own more Gerber tools , knives , and flashlights than all the other brands in my collection . This is the first time I have been disappointed by any of their products . After two weeks , I now have the good fortune to have a knurled key ring with an attached Gerber Flashlight Cap !
 It does not work right and the water taste really bad I put my old one back and till i went to home depot , sometime its worth to pay a little more for things .
 I purchased 2 sets of these mats . The quality of the product is fine , however , each set was shipped separately in HUGE shipping boxes - it makes no sense to be so wasteful , especially when it is coming from the same vendor . Also - when I went to put the 2 sets together , they do not fit ! This is quite frustrating .
 I ended up with two of these and while I was happy with how well it kept the dust under control , I was very dissapointed in the fragility of the head portion . One broke while I was simply sanding off center a little . The other one broke after falling over . I placed it against the wall and the handle slid down onto the rug -LRB- not even a hard surface -RRB- The head snapped off like a thin potato chip . Upon inspection the cross section of this device , it was apparent that it was poorly designed with very thin walls and sharp corners -LRB- stress points -RRB- internal to the head around the vacuum control port . So if you get one of these you must treat it like it is made of glass or it will fail . A simple redesign to strengthen the defective areas would help . I have n't tried the other one on here that is without a pole -LRB- you supply -RRB- and is another brand.You also need smaller than standard sanding screens . In addition I recommend you use a bag inside your shop vac to better control the dudt and so it will not plug up as fast .
 I think the Vacuum Pole Sander was a second the sanding pad is not flat and will not sand the drywall right it leaves it with makes and goves at the wall
 This thing did n't work out of the box . no way to get glue in or out . a few websites suggest putting the metal bit in the oven or heating with a hair dryer . but come on ! not working as intended ? that is bogus . having had glue guns before , this was a major let down
 This is a pretty standard dual temp glue gun . Initially worked fine , then after about 4 weeks of use the switch to change between high and low temp broke and fell off the glue gun . Luckily it was in the low temp position which is what I mainly use , but this is still shoddy product . There has to be something sturdier out there .
 I bought this as a replacement for my girlfriend 's glue gun that broke . It does n't say in the product description , but you can not use standard size or craft size glue sticks in this gun . It takes only the fatter size ones . I asked why she could n't just buy larger craft glue sticks ? I did n't get it , but she said it just would n't work for why she needed it . Just wanted to warn anyone that wanted a glue gun for smaller projects that this is not the right choice .
 I have reviewed this bulb for a similar listing on Amazon , but my basic points are as follows : I am a huge fan of CFLs . We use them all over our house . You should , too . There is really no reason to go incandescent anymore . You may actually be better off throwing out your incandescents BEFORE they burn out , and replacing them with CFLs . CFLs work equivalently to incandescents ; you just have to know what to look for
 The light output luminosity and color temperature is great . It is much better than my original 65W incandescent.The lamp is dimmable , but I could only get it to about 70 % on both my 600W Lutron linear slider and 1000W Lutron rotary dimmer , which is unacceptable . I did not notice any buzzing or flickering when dimming , though at its lowest setting , the CFL tube on the inside had a plasma ball look with the gasses swirling around and a slight purplish tint.The real deal killer was that it is 1/2 '' longer than the existing bulb and even with my Halo recessed can on the largest bulb setting , it stuck out beyond the baffle trim and looked awful .
 Dimmable CFLs only dim about 20 % -LRB- Sylvania 10 % , Philips 20 % , GE20 % -RRB- so do n't buy expecting them to dim like incandescent bulbs . Also the way they dim is by producing harmonic distortion -LRB- changing the waveform to one where less light is produced -RRB- which can cause flickering and even without noticable flickering possibly even headaches or eye strain in some people . So go with the nondimmable CFLs instead .
 I 'm a big proponent of CFLs , so when we bought a house with nineteen recessed ceiling fixtures on dimmers , I immediately looked for lamps for them . I ordered two of these bulbs to try them.Unfortunately , they do not work well in our fixtures . Perhaps it is the type of dimmer switches we have , but they will not dim much . They go from full brightness to maybe 75 % of that light level . The incandescent lamps in the adjacent fixtures , meanwhile , go down to a faint yellowish glimmer.Clearly these lamps will not work in all dimmable fixtures . You may want to order just one and see .
 I 'm a major fan of CFLs . I have them all over my house . I finally installed a dimmer with my newly installed recessed lights in my living room and looked all over the place to find these hard-to-find dimmable CFLs . I bought them and tried them along side my soft white incandescents . At full brightness , it is clearly whiter and brighter hands down . Unfortunately when I started dimming , these GEs barely dimmed at all . I would be generous to say that they dim to 50 % brightness . What good is a light that 's advertised to be dimmable but does n't really dim ? I 'm going to return them in hopes that GE or some other company will develop one that actually dims as well as incandescents .
 I have dimmable recessed lighting in three main rooms facing north and west that are almost always light , even during daytime . So CFLs could make a major dent in our electricity bill , and ease the need to change bulbs in hard-to-reach locations . Dimming is critical in all locations.Tested on _ all _ dimmers in our home - including two new ones - this bulb did not dim whatsoever . I tried leaving it on for a while , but the bulb ran a apparent full capacity even when all the incandescent R30s are barely lit . Moving the dimmer has a binary effect on this bulb - just on or off.One slight pro with this bulb is that unlike other CFLs , I 've noticed that this one is at full brightness right away .
 I hate these bulbs . The light is not warm at all , more like industrial lighting . The dim-able statement is a farce . They barley dim at all and then suddenly shut off . If you turn the dimmer switch up the wo n't go back on until on full . Then you have to start over again . Just as you get a bit down , off they go ! It is impossible and all for nothing . It 's useless to even bother because they do n't dim very much . I want my old expensive to run lights back . At lease I can run them on low and feel comfortable in my home , not in a department store ... I 'm going to try the new Led lights that dim . I 'm hoping for a more comfortable relaxing glow when dimmed .
 Hoping to save some money on electricity , I bought a couple of these GE Dimmable CFL bulbs for our kitchen.When the light comes on , it is n't as bright as regular flood light bulbs , and with our dimmer , it does n't dim and brighten properly either . I figured I could deal with it , since we have a dimmer , and the regular CFL flood bulbs are n't for use with dimmers . Unfortunately , my bulb lasted LESS THAN ONE MONTH . Are you kidding me ? I have never had a bulb die that quickly ! And , at more than ten dollars a bulb ? Not saving any money there.I have contacted GE Lighting to report this problem , but I certainly ca n't recommend investing your money in these bulbs at this time .
 Avoid this product ! These bulbs are advertised as `` Dimmable '' but they do not dim compared to the incandescent bulbs . The lowest setting on our dimmer and the bulb is still very bright . Avoid dimmable CFL style bulbs . They are a waste of money , especially at 6x the cost of incandescent .
 I guess I 'm not adding anything new . Everyone seems to say they do not dim and I agree ! I was hoping for a little more dimming , but there is very little dimming . For a replacement light , it gives good light and I have no complaints , but if the dimming feature is important to you , I do n't know what the options are . There does n't seem to be any CFLs on the market that get good reviews for dimming .
 It was just OK I expected higher quality and maybe eve instructions . Anyway it works but just Ok
 Just like all gimmics out there , the thing barely works for a while and then craps out on you . There is too much going on for this tool to handle . Do yourself a favor and buy a really good pair of wire strippers from a top brand company and you will never have to buy wire strippers again . Or buy this and plan on heading to the store in a few months .
 I have a pair of wire strippers that I have used for a while now . But when it came to the 24 AWG CAT5 ethernet , my old ones did n't have a cutout small enough . I bought these to replace my old strippers and then some . However , the thicker the wire , the worse these things do . When stripping ethernet , I have had a 100 % success rate . However , getting up to 14-12 AWG , the success rate dwindles to 25 % or lower . I have found that it is much less frustrating to just use my old strippers for the larger wires . For small stuff , they do really well . For big stuff , forget it .
 This was a disappointment as it was not flush enough and gaps the weatherstripping around the door .
 The other review was spot on
 The other reviewers are spot on about the bottle -LRB- glad it just was n't me -RRB- ; the contents are near impossible to squeeze out of the bottle . I had taken a straight edge to cut nearly the entire nose off the bottle , and it STILL would barely squeeze out . Only when I stood on the bottle with my foot was I able to get anything out of the bottle . Which , of course , is not handy.Bottle or not , the filler is too translucent and gritty for my liking ; I ended up going to Rockler and buying a much better filler . Whether it 's glue , filler or otherwise , leave Elmer 's to grade school classrooms and buy better brands at a woodworking store instead .
 The wood filler is white so it will not dry to blend in at all ! Other than that i could not get the product to squeeze through the bottle no matter how hard i tried and ended up just cutting the bottle open and applying it with my bear hands . I dont know if it was just very thick or dried up . It sanded down easily and painted over well .
 This was a complete waste of my money . It was unusable . Unlike another reviewer , I was able to get it out easily enough , but I completely agree when the reviewer said , `` It was incredibly dry and flaked off . Since the directions instruct you to use a putty knife , I had expected something of putty consistency . This is more like dry , glued sawdust . This stuff is worthless . '' It actually stuck to my putty knife and would not spread . Terrible ! Do n't buy it !
 The other reviews that say `` ca n't squeeze out '' are fact . You literally have to cut all of the tube off so the stuff will come out , you do n't have a choice because if the hole is small which is the purpose of the cylindrical tube it comes out for a split second and stops every time . I 've tried 4 tubes of this junk and when it dries and it does come out it 's fine but the mess is so thick you have to cut the dispenser tube all the way off to where the hole is huge and can not be used for small projects . it 's worthless for small projects all around , only good for if you need to use the whole thing in one sitting through a giant hole . Too much hassle.Oh and today I tried using this again and guess what , I have to squeeze so hard it popped the back open and got it splattered all over my shirt . what a waste of money and time . i recommend their wood glue only , not this crap .
 Elmer 's wood filler , in a tube , is almost impossible to squeeze out , even when you cut the hole in the nib bigger . It did help to put the tube in the microwave for a few seconds , softening up the filler a little bit . All in all I would NEVER buy this product again . It is not in anyway user friendly and time spent trying to get the filler out of the tube became an exercise in frustration . The product seems to be okay , the tube not such a good idea ... although in theory it should work .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 I am a professional woodworker and always looking for something new . I purchased four different `` flavors '' of this stuff in the summer of 2009 and had occasion to use it for the first time in a class I was teaching in February 2010 . The stuff would hardly come out of the tube and when applied to a wood surface flaked off with the application of a little light sanding . Then the topper was that Amazon would n't let me return the filler unless I paid shipping and took a cut on the original price . Well I used it to `` fill '' the bottom of my trashcan . New ai n't always better . Beware .
 Using these cartridges with the Flowtron BK-80D bug zapper , did n't seem like they made much of a difference to our mosquito neighbors . However , the bug zapper did a heck of a job with the flies that had recently moved in with us .
 I have been using the product continuously for two months and the mosquitoes are still plentiful .
 Despite the fact this octenol attracts somehow the mosquito , its unnecesary , and too expensive . Dont buy it , the bulb light does the work
 ... of the cartridges when the Flowtron machine itself broke down before I got to use them . Machine shorted after only 6 weeks . I guess the old adage holds true
 I bought the zapper and it came with the skeeter attractent . When I go out in the morning to shut the zapper off.The skeeters start having a buffet on me.The zapper works fine , do n't waste your money on the Octenol Mosquio Bait . Its useless .
 And once again , I consign the notion of a mosquito-free evening that does n't end with me scrubbing DEET off my whole body to the realm of fantasy .
 I did n't even try to use them . If you read the warnings on the back of the package , it 's pretty scary . The warnings say not to breath , or touch the octenol at all and to seek medical attention if you do . When the package arrived from UPS it stunk ! Sitting on my couch I opened the package -LRB- cardboard amazon box , not the octenol package or lures themselves -RRB- and got a headache within a couple of minutes from the smell . There is no way I could live with that smell every time I went into my backyard . The Flowtron 80D does a good job without them . I threw the octenol lures away the same day they arrived .
 Note this item is supposed to ship via Amazon Prime , but it does not ! So if you need it fast , go elsewhere .
 I bought a Flowtran 40W several weeks ago . I used the trap with and without the Octenol . In my opinion , there is hardly any difference whether I use the octenol or not . The trap only works after sunset , and it seems like the light is the only thing that attracts the bugs . When I am out during the day working in the yard , I can see mosquitoes trying to bite me , but they do n't bother to check out my trap + octenol set up . If they like Octenol , I should hear the ` zap ' throughout the day , but I do n't . I also read the government reviews -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and it does n't look like Octenol does any ` magic ' to attract the bugs .
 The flowtron MA 1000-6 octenol mosquito attractant is a fairly expensive addition to your bluish-light electric mosquito zapper . The mosquitos in our yard seem no less dense and active than they were before I used the attractant . Indeed , they were either laughing at the attractant , or were angrier than normal because of it . Frankly , I found it ineffective ; yet , others may well have had the opposite experience as each situation -LRB- trees , grass , dampness , water supply , winds , etc. -RRB- is different .
 This does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself . The chemical is toxic to touch per the package warnings and it 's not easy to get the cartidges into the light as instructed . Save your money ... not worth the hassel .
 I know we have had a lot of rain this year and that provides a spawning ground for mosquitoes , but honestly , I notice no difference in the number of mosquito bites I get with the insect killer or without it . AND I ADDED THE MOSQUITO ATTRACTANT CARTRIDGES . TO SEAL THE DEAL . IT SEEMS TO HAVE NO NOTICEABLE EFFECT .
 I got this along with the Fly Sex Lure and neither of them seem to work . This has more toxic warning than I see on a can of Raid , but so far , I have n't found a dead mosquito since I put on in . Now , maybe we do n't have a lot of mosquito like they do in North Dakota and this thing would work like a god up there , but in New Mexico , unless you live by lots of water , save your money.The good thing is you seem to get a lot of them for the price , but more does n't seem to help and they do n't smell very good.Flowtron MA-1000-6 Octenol Mosquito Attractant Cartridges , 6-Pack
 I purchased a 6 pack of the octenol mosquito repellent cartridges thinking it would help with the mosquitos . My Flowtron is large enough to manage an acre , and I only have 1/3 acre . I do n't see many moths , but the mosquitos are as bad as ever . I was thinking of putting up another Flowtron on the other side of the house , but I 'm not sure that it would do any good . I just have to bite the bullet with this purchase!The best part of this purchase is the way Amazon handled the sale from ordering to delivering - accurate , fast , and complete !
 This item does n't seem to work at attracting mosquitos into the bug zapper in the Philly area . The zapper works fine but I 'd skip ordering this item .
 Simply put the product does n't seem to attract Mosquito 's . Although it does seem to attract other annoying bugs like yellow jackets , but bones or meat work better for that.I wo n't be buying anymore of these they are over priced for the results.I really ca n't seem to find a product that will get rid of these pesky things !
 Most of the taps has de burs so bad that it could not be used . I do n't think this item was QC at all .
 No sandpaper with first shipment - small quantity with second - customer service refunded 1/2 purchase price - item was supposed to be withdrawn ??
 This item describe as a new . When I open the box the merchandise is used and incomplete according to the decription stated in amazon .
 Looks great - works well!BUT - nobody has paper to fit this sucker . Not even the B&D ; web site . Called the `` CALL BEFORE RETURNING '' number . They sent me to their local factory repair store . Called them - they have no paper for it either - but did mention this item is discontinued !!! Am returning it on Monday.Too bad , because it did work OK for the one project we bought it for .
 I gave this two stars because it specifically advertises that it captures sanding dust with its `` cyclonic '' action . The only thing it does in a cyclonic action is blow dust all over your room.From a sanding perspective , it does a good job and the tip will get into tight areas .
 Just picked up one of these for a hardwood staircase . Works well enough except for two frustrating , stupid design flaws :1 . The black plastic pad that holds the paper will mar adjacent surfaces with a black mark if you get it to close . Is it to much to ask for a better material here ? 2 . You can reverse the iron shaped pade so the square part is forward to get into corners better - even shows a picture of this on the box . I 'm sure it works fine forlow edges . But if you try to get it into the corner where there is a long edge , the front of the case sticks out about 1/4 '' to far.It 's also be nice if you could remove the dust collection thing for when you 're working in tight areas .
 I bought this sander for some misc . work and sanding down two coffe tables so I can refinish them . As I write this I am filled with frustration as my SECOND Cyclone within the last month has now stopped turning on . The first one suffered the exact same fate . The sad part is I am only half way through my second coffe table.The unit when it works is great . I love the ability to switch between the orbital and the detail sander as I have a need for both . However both of them have died on me after 4-5 hours of use . I turned them both off to clean out the dust collectore and then they never turned back on again . I am now returning the second Cyclone back to the store where I bought it and buying a Dewalt . I know personally I look to amazons reviews for tools quite often so I thought id just share my frustration in hoops that I help someone else avoid my situation .
 I ordered the the Jet Mini -LRB- not VS -RRB- and the bed extension in December , 2004 . It took a while to get the extension , but I did n't mind that so much . I expected the extension to be of the same quality as the lathe . When it came , it was a piece of junk . The mounting holes were off about 3/32 of an inch from the machined holes in the lathe . After struggling to redrill the holes in the extension , I was able to mount it and it appeared flush , but then I found that the rails on the extension were thicker than the rails on the lathe . After about 2 hours of filing , I could force the tailstock and banjo across the intersection without unscrewing the nut on the cam lock , but the whole thing was and remains an aggravation . The fit and finish is awful . The paint is not even the Jet White , but some tannish white and the iron of the bed was almost black ... looked like a totally different grade of iron . I called Jet and they sent me another but it had the exact same problems plus the packaging had been destroyed and in the process , the feet crushed and dings made in the rails . That one is still sitting in ths corner . Called them again . Then they tried to tell me that the extension was designed for the VS Mini and I needed to use an adapter kit -LRB- $ 14 -RRB- . I would not accept that since 1 -RRB- the adapter kit was for older lathes that had not been machined to accept the extension and 2 -RRB- the product description said -LRB- and still says -RRB- : `` From the ManufacturerThe JET 708351B 10-by-14-inch mini-lathe ... < extraneous content snipped > ... This model is also machined on the tailstock end to accept the JET 20-inch bed extension , part # 708355 . `` They finally promised to `` custom fit '' an extension and send it to me . That was in February . It is now May and I have not seen that `` custom fit '' extension . If Jet makes this right and stands by their product , I will post a message to that effect and may buy a larger Jet lathe in the future . However , until that happens , I will not recommend their products .
 I agree with the previous writer . This is NOT a review , but a complaint . I too waited almost 2 months for the thing - Now if you do n't have it , you ca n't ship it - BUT I cancelled my Amazon order and ordered it from Rockler - Got it in 3 days . Jet - get with it and supply your venders . Amazon - if you ca n't get it , take it out of your catalog .
 This is not a review of the product ... just a complaint to Amazon and JET for a delayed order . I purchased it on May 17th . It is June 25th , and I just received e-mail from Amazon telling me it will not be until August 9th before I get it . I called the local stores -LRB- Woodcraft , and Rockler -RRB- and it seems to be a manufactures issue -LRB- they have back orders as well -RRB- . I am unhappy with Amazon because they just notified me after 5 weeks and no product . I am unhappy with Both JET and Amazon for not having any forum in which to contact either of them with issues . So I am Whining and crying here because I want my new toy !! I have never had a problem with Amazon in the past , and like I said it looks like it is JET that is at issue with the delivery . If you order this Item DONT be in a HURRY to get it .
 Jet failed to machine the holes used to connect the extension to the orginal lathe bed . I had to go out and buy a grinder bit -LRB- $ 26 -RRB- to ream out the holes so that the extension would sit flush . If I could go back , I would buy a different brand of lathe just because there is no excuse for such sloppy manufacturing . That was a 50 % increase in the cost of the bed extension.The tech support told me to just grind it out , instead of just sending me a new one . Perhaps they should either make them right , or over drill the holes in the first place .
 The rail only fits current models , as hive an older model it wo n't bolt up.If your midi do n't have 2 small holes at the end of the rail do n't buy it !
 I wish I could review this product . I ordered it over thirty days ago and it still has not arrived at my door .
 The meter worked fine when it worked ; then one day , took it out and it would n't turn on . The battery was n't the problem , so I had to ship it back to Wagner for a -LRB- minimum -RRB- $ 140 repair . I figured it was a better than the replacement cost.They ship the meter back , and had the nerve to charge me $ 16 shipping and handling on top of the $ 140 repair fee ! It felt like making a purchase at Tiffany 's with a gratuity added in when the charge comes . I called them to see if they would remove most of the shipping charge , as it had cost me $ 5.75 to send it USPS Priority Mail and get it there a lot faster than the UPS Ground they used.Either they 're gouging captive customers , or they need to rethink what UPS is charging them . Frankly , I think it 's the former.Go with a different brand .
 This device is too expensive to break down after so little use . I 've had it for several years , but I 've been away from the shop for quite awhile , so my 1-year warranty period is gone . I doubt that I 've even used it a dozen times . And now that I have spare time again , I find that the species button is dead . It 's been in it 's case and in it 's box , so it was n't from rough treatment . -LRB- The species button is how you view/change the specific gravity for different species of wood . When it worked , you had to repeatedly scroll through the specific gravities to set the thing . Ugly . -RRB- Wagner 's flat-fee for repair is $ 140 which you pay in advance . -LRB- Oh , but they 'll notify you if it will cost more -RRB- . Gee . Let me think about that . Throw good money after bad or buy a really nice pin-style moisture meter for less than the cost of the repair ? I 'm hoping that a battery-out-reset will return this unit to the default specific gravity of 0.50 and I 'll just keep the Wagner around to get a rough idea about moisture content . At least until the on/off button breaks .
 Sat in it 's box with no battery for 3 years . Put a fresh battery in and absolutely nothing . Just dead.A few other reviews note the same thing , and judging from the repair policy , I 'll be dropping thisin the circular file , filed under `` Wagner ... . I 'm so sure I 'll never buy anything from them again . `` What junk .
 I 've been in the hardwood flooring business for 30 years and did n't use any meters until about 10 years ago . I have used the Lignomat pin meter and have had pretty good success with it . Butit does n't read a very large area , but does tell the moisture in that area . I went to the MMC220 to avoid the pin holes and had heard raves about it.The MMC220 tells you the density of the wood but is very confusing when trying to tell the moisture.The Lignomat tells you the moisture , the MMC220 gives wide variations in the density which confuses the real moisture level
 REAL RATING
 I should have read Saylor 's review before ordering this device . What he/she says is true , but an absurd limitation ... I was ok with the 5 % - 20 % range for moisture content ; that was disclosed up front . What was n't disclosed is the fact this thing only has adjustment for wood with specific gravity values of .30 to .70 . Of course the wood I primarily wanted to test it outside this range . I might even be ok with that if it would give you a `` raw '' number that you could then just plug into the formula they provide in the instruction manual as to how the specific gravity affects the reading . Unfortunately , no matter what value you choose , you will have to basically reverse engineer what the moisture content should be with no specific gravity adjustment , and then run that through the formula again with your wood 's actual SG -LRB- density -RRB- . You 've got to be kidding me.It does seem like a decent device , however becomes essentially unusable if you have wood that falls outside their density range -LRB- which would 've required basically zero effort or additional cost to accept input for -RRB- . They need to put a little ' * ' by the `` No manual corrections needed '' claim . If their most expensive devices allow for a wider SG range but they exclude it from their lower end models , this is a company I will have no future dealings with .
 After putting the stand together I was initially quite satisfied with it . It 's sufficiently heavy , which was a necessity , and it 's compact . Then I used it . While it was fine while it was being used when I picked it up to put it away the top portion snapped off just above the nut . `` Heavy duty '' it is n't . Perhaps there should be a warning to only lift it by the base because the metal is so weak . I did pick it up by the upper portion but I would imagine that that would not be unusual or unanticipated by the manufacturer . I do n't think it 's too much to ask that the metal connector be strong enough to lift the base . Rather than returning it for a refund -LRB- that is the only option available -RRB- I will try to solder the parts back together . If it breaks again I 'll look elsewhere for a replacement .
 I ordered this product , seeing the -LRB- hard to understand -RRB- large number of positive reviews , and discounting the relatively few negative ones.If you are reading this , please note the following
 I purchased this stand to hold my new Weller 120 watt iron as it was an Amazon recommended companion product . The black plastic mouth piece inside diameter was too small an opening to accommodate the body of the iron . After filing the opening to hold the iron the black plastic sleeve melted on the hot iron . I discarded the black plastic mouth piece and just use the bare wire spring mouth to hold the iron . The thin sponge is useless and does not stay put in its tray . This product is surely not a `` Heavy Duty Soldering Stand '' as advertised .
 This streamlight is a Chinese piece of junk that is not at all like my original streamlight , I 've already replaced the bulb with the spare provided , it gets extremely hot , I mean the whole light gets hot not just the bulb part ! If you do n't have the adjustable lens screwed all the way tight then it keeps dimming and is just annoying and when it is all the way screwed in tight the light is spread out all over so you really ca n't see long distances . This thing is junk and I wish I never bought it ! I do not blame the seller but I do blame streamlight for making junk now and also not honoring the lifetime warranty they use to offer ! Chinese Junk like everything else !
 I ordered the faucet on Dec. 28 and was not able to receive the product until Jan. 17 . The faucet came without the bottom plate , and the instructions does not mention the bottom plate either . I installed the faucet several times to stop the leaking , but failed . I called the customer service on Jan. 19 , they order a bottom plate for me.The bottom plate came on Jan. 26 , but obviousely the size and the shape were all wrong . I called the customer service again on Jan. 27 , and was promised the second correct order.I am still waiting and sink is still leaking . I called today and found there was no second order . I will have to wait for at least another week for the bottom plate and hoep this time it will be a correct one.By the way , it is not easy to get through the phone line . It is not unusual to wait for over 5 mimutes .
 I expected this kit to be more substantial ; but it 's not . The jumper cables are flimsy and short . The kit is not worth the money . Worse yet , I tried to contact the seller several times for their return policy -LRB- which Amazon does not have -RRB- , and I did n't receive any response.Not only would I not purchase from Auto Alley again ; but I will think twice about ordering anything from Amazon merchants .
 The items were all thrown in the bag with no instructions or documents to understand what the kit had . Also the flashlight is worthless . I payed $ 20 and it was to expensive for this bad quality .
 Everything inside this kit except the tow strap is incredibly flimsy , but the worst part is the most important -- the puny jumper cables . There is NO ECONOMY in cheap jumper cables . The gloves would n't protect your hands from a mosquito bite . The flashlight had no batteries and the switch was broken . The only thing worse than having this kit in a roadside emergency would be having nothing at all , but I am extremely disappointed with this product . Premium ? In a pig 's eye .
 We purchased this light fixture for our kids room.The glass material cracked at installation where the red cone attached to the glass , it was too fragile . We installed a dozen lighting fixtures and this was the only one that cracked . The cone covers the class crack but led us to believe that this is too fragile to install in a kids room or anywhere else.We are replacing it , plus the color is full , not vibrant as you would expect .
 I was very excited to get this lamp , but it was disappointing - it does not look as sophisticated as it does on the photo and it heats up very fast too -LRB- with a 60W bulb -RRB- . Sent it back .
 I just got it in the mail today and am not too happy . It 's really cute but it is way smaller than I thought it was going to be . It was advertised along with other decals that are huge . This is soooooo small ! I was planning on putting it on the wall alone and now I ca n't because it looks stupid . great , I would n't have bought it if I would have known .
 I 've had many other character themed wall stickers that I 've purchased for my son , and these are by far the lowest quality yet the highest priced . I bought the T-rex , Stegasaurus , and Triceratops and all are smaller than I expected . Would NOT purchase again !
 Very SmallSpend a few more dollars and you can get a 3ft . T Rex!I would not buy again or tell a friend .
 We used this product for a dinosaur themed room . After while we dedided to make some changes to the alls and it tore all of the paint off of the wall under the decall almost down to the drywall .
 The product I ordered does not seem to be a Closet Maid ! It does not have the name on the side like the original had.What I received looked like it but it seems the back &#34; lips &#34; are slightly longer than the others were.Is there a certain way to install them ? There were no intructions wit the order.Would appreciate an answer.Jeanne Brandt
 I installed these supports in a large walk in closet a few years ago . They soon started breaking and spilling clothes all over the floor . I replaced them and actually added even more supports to make a strong system and avoid the headache again . They started breaking again and I contacted the manufacturer to gripe . Their lame excuse was overloading and said they were only made to hold one item on a hanger spaced every 2 inches which is just not real life in any closet I have ever seen . After wasting my time with them , I have replaced the closet system with another brand and will stay away from Closetmaid from now on .
 These support hooks from Closet Maid are made very poorly . We installed them every 18 inches , closer than what is recommended , and they have failed . They break where the bracket goes over the wire shelf . They are made out of resin and because the shelves are flimsy and flex , there is a side load on this cheap little part . Had we known this , we would never have bought any of this Closet Maid system , but now we are stuck with it . We will probably design some type of Rube Goldberg support system using 2 x 4 's to support the wire mesh of the shelves . If you have not yet put any shelving in your closet , do NOT buy Closet Maid.By the way , if you hang a normal clothing load on this shelving system , the places in between the brackets sag considerably . It looks terrible , to say nothing of what it does to the support hooks . What a terrible system overall made with such cheap material . Would have rated `` 0 '' stars but system wo n't allow.UPDATE
 We bought two ClosetMaid SuperSlide 6 ' by 12 '' inch shelf kits . The product looked good and the price was right . When we got it home , we found the hardware for hanging the shelves was incomplete . -LRB- ClosetMaid does not , for example , supply mounting screws , only `` pin `` s for attaching the shelves to walls . -RRB- We took extra time and care and hung the two kits in about 2 1/2 hours.One fell and then the other . I 'm sure they would hold a light load , but anyone paying to `` upgrade '' a closet is expecting to come away with some serious storage.We went to a home improvement center and purchased another $ 20 in hardware and rehung the two kits . They wo n't come down now , but I would have liked to have instructions and hardware equal to the reality of the job .
 As stated by the previous two reviews , mine broke and Lowe 's nor Home Depot have them in stock so now I have to pay extra for shipping !!!! Now , I know to put twice as many as they recommend . I 'll be putting twice as many as before . Take note and add extras before your 's break !
 The only reason I 'm even buying new ones is that it 's much quicker/easier than installing a whole new bar . But I 'll definitely be doing that at some point . And it wo n't be a Closetmaid . Unfortunately , this brand is sold at both Home Depot and Lowe 's .
 I loved this faucet when it was installed . I thought it was a quality brand that would last for many years , but I was mistaken . The soft plastic that covers the buttons on the top to switch between spray and normal flow wore out after a couple of years . The only way to fix this was to replace the entire spray head -LRB- ~ $ 150 just for the part in the brushed nickel finish -RRB- . The second one is now starting to show signs of wear . Just recently , the hose broke off , so I will be out another $ 50 + just for the part.My personal opinion is that I will NEVER buy another Grohe . They are overpriced junk .
 BACKGROUND . I have a newly remodeled -LRB- 2008 -RRB- extra-large-kitchen with three Grohe 33-939-AVO faucets . All three faucets worked perfectly after installation -LRB- and two of the original faucets are still working perfectly -RRB- . However , one of the original faucets `` froze up '' after less than a year of service . I replaced it early this year with a new faucet . The replacement faucet appeared to work perfectly , but then after a few months of use , the replacement faucet froze up in exactly the same way as its predecessor . Once again I have replaced it with a new faucet that appeared to be working perfectly . But now , after less than a month of use the new replacement faucet is beginning to freeze up.PROBLEM . The housing -LRB- spout -RRB- , which should swing freely back and forth , binds against the stationary inner manifold that is anchored to the countertop . This causes the spout to not swing freely.I tried to explain this problem to Grohe technicians , but I did not have much success . One of the technicians seemed convinced that it was the cartridge binding against the housing that was causing the problem . This is clearly not the case , since the housing remains frozen even with the cartridge removed . Another technician speculated that the housing might be binding against the countertop . This is also not the case since forcing the housing to rotate causes the stationary inner manifold to rotate.The Grohe technicians profess that this problem is new to them . I find that hard to believe since two of the FIVE Grohe faucets I installed had the problem , and a third one is in the beginning stages of the problem . Also , one of the two Grohe faucets in my daughter 's kitchen has the problem .
 I like the looks of the product , but unfortunately , after 5 years of normal operation in the kitchen , the extension hose just ruptured . This is where the true customer service gets tested . The lifetime limited warranty was `` honored '' by the company . Of course the thing ruptured on a Saturday . Office hours of Grohe 's singular US distribution site are Mon-Fri . Anyway , they said they would ship it out immediately ... Sounded good , until 7 days later , no replacement . They said it was on backorder and was going out today , 9 days after first call . I do n't know if I will get it , but what I do know is that it is very difficult to go without a kitchen faucet for over 10 days . There is absolutely no distribution network within the US . So , although a nice faucet , there are no parts , and no backup for you when it breaks . And it probably will break . This thing is too expensive to just rupture for no reason ... I would not by anything from Grohe again ...
 Nothing but trouble from the day installed . We have spent hundreds of dollars on 3 different plumbers to try to make it remain stable . Over time -LRB- days to months -RRB- the base loosens and it wobbles . The company sent replacement parts -LRB- twice -RRB- to no avail . Several plumbers have groaned as soon as we mention `` Grohe '' . Also - the rubber at the top disintegrated . My advice - do n't even consider . Cute , stylish , yet totally disappointing .
 I have had this faucet for a few years , and am now looking for a replacement -LRB- NOT Grohe ! -RRB- . First , the flimsy plastic piece that attaches the hose to the faucet body cracked , leaking water under the sink . We had to wait for many days before our dealer could obtain a replacement . Now the metal body in the pullout section has cracked , and the unit sprays water at right angles to the faucet when the water us turned on . I have this part of the unit wrapped with tape until I get a new faucet . The spray section has never worked very well from day one .
 After just 6 years of satisfactory use this faucet is ready for the junk yeard . We have tried unsuccessfully to talk with warranty personnel concerning a problem that no plumber can solve ... even when talking with Grohe technicians . We are saddened and very disappointed in their lack of interest and response . The faucet was very expensive and is now ready for burial in the landfill !
 The thought behind the vent cover is good ... I have had vent covers on my last 3 rv 's . . This one though turned out to be weakly made . . Rear hinges broke while I was trying to mount top half ... -LRB- made of plastic -RRB- ... the screw hole that holds the front of the cover down had the threads missing ... and last but not least your rv vent cover does not go all the way up ... Also darkens the inside of the camper ... Have not taken it out on the road yet to see how it holds up traveling . . Do n't have much hope for long life . .
 i loved these at first ... until a couple of years went by and the top part became ultra-brittle . After the first one cracked , I discovered that I could literally crumble the plastic cover into small fragments with my hands , like a potato chip ! All three covers were in the same state . Moral
 The top came with several deep scratches across the top . The plastic hinge is cheap and I suspect it will break within a year or two .
 I bought this blade because I have a rail saw from QEP that for some strange reason , requires an eight inch blade . I have not yet used it , but after a half hour of swapping out blades , I noticed that the NEW blade is eccentric . that means the hole in the middle is not in the dead center middle . real crappy quality control . I hope it does n't screw up the saw too much . This was the second blade the vendor sent me , the first being a ten inch blade that did n't fit at all . I will sell the rail saw before buying another QEP blade from Amazon .
 I have had TWO of them Flotech POS ! Both FAILED right after warranty time ran out ! 2 years ! Flooded basement both times ! Second time I put in a back up pump just in case ! FLOTEC DIED and shorted out the circuit so tripped breaker so other pump could NOT WORK . Away on trip came home to 8 inches of water ! Now have second circuit BUT NO FLOTEC JUNK ! I Would give it ZERO Stars if let me !
 I figured if it holds 40 tools in a compact space and it 's made by Rubbermaid , it should be a decent product . Wrong!I 've had this thing for about 6 weeks . Assembly was very easy but that 's the only positive thing I have to say about it . After I assembled it I started installing the tools . That 's when I concluded that the reason it has casters must be because you have to roll the thing outside in order to have enough headroom to install many of the tools . The top horizontal piece that holds the tools in place has 18 holes for inserting rake , shovel , broom handles and the like . But in order to insert them you need headroom . My garage ceiling is 7 feet , 4 inches high , so in order to insert a tool inside my garage , the handle must be less than 4 feet 8 inches long . Otherwise , I have to try to insert the tool at an angle to try to clear the ceiling . It 's not easy trying to force a long handle into the hole that way . I 've scraped the ceiling badly in spots and because of the exertion and the flimsy plastic , the whole unit lists at an awkward angle now.As for the 40 tools , I defy anyone to get 40 tools into this thing . And if you succeed in getting 40 tools into it , it will take half a day to remove the one tool you want . I put 16 tools in and it is so cramped , I wind up removing 3 or 4 tools to get at the one I 'm after . Because of the difficulty in getting tools in and out of this thing , my family has now started to leave the more popular tools leaning up against the garage wall . So I 'm back to where I started.Really , save your money . This thing is worthless .
 This is a good idea ... except for the very poor quality casters , one of which would never stay on . I ended up throwing this entire thing out after trying to use it for over a year , out of frustration . Then I found that my shovels , etc. take up much less space by lying down on a shelf !
 Warped under the weight of my yard tools . Cheap thin plastic . Very disappointing as it did receive many favorable reviews .
 There are no castors included with the system making it useless except as a permanent storage rack . I am sorry I bought this . The first time Amazon has sold me a defective product .
 Wheels collapsed when I populated with shovels and other metal hand tools . The plastic wheels have weak supports that split when you roll the unit on first use . System works fine once placed in the corner and stays in place . I did not give lowest rating since it unit was inexpensive and serves primary purpose . In additionn , it may work OK for grass rakes and brooms .
 When I first bought this it appeared to be a great , portable tool storage unit . It might have stayed that way had I only stored light-weight yard tools on it , but with the weight of shovels , edgers and an ax or two , it has bowed and swayed to the point where it is unstable unless it is propped up against something . Reinforced steel rods in the legs and base would go along way to improving this unit . Would not recommend buying for storing anything heavy .
 The base sagged almost immediately from the weight of the garden tools ; so much that the center touched the ground . The only solution was to toss the wheels in the trash and lay a 2x4 on the ground to support the base . Even with that modification it is still very wobbly when removing or replacing tools from the front clamps ; need one hand to hold the rack and one for the shovel . Considering the poor design , this would be an okay deal at $ 30 . But at $ 45 it 's a bad value .
 Had to replace identical battery -LRB- would not hold charge -RRB- after very limited use that came with my drill .
 Grass does n't exactly run from this size line . I go with a braided line same diameter much stronger . You get more for less on the braided because it lasts a lot longer . this line I find breaks often and I have to replace it constantly . That can be time consuming and frustrating . This does come at a great bargain though , and if you are a homeowner just needing to get the job done , it will certainly do that . I no longer use it for my business though .
 In conversation with the Manufacturer , these cartridges are no longer available at stores such as Home Depot where they were selling for $ 5.98 for a pack of four . The representative told me that they may be bought direct for $ 7.95 plus Shipping charges of $ 6.50 . While it works as advertised , their ` direct ' pricing combined with Shipping is an unequivocally outrageous ripoff and they should include a jar of Vaseline.Find a similar product that uses readily available cartridges - do n't line their pockets with your hard earned money.SCORE
 I bought this thing to pump up tires on our lawnmowers etc. . It worked only a short time . Now it just cycles on and off as if it 's over-heating . I highly recommend buying American made only . It may be a little higher priced but at least there will be customer support and the phones will be still connected !
 I got this thing and it did not work . Icalled Clarke The phones are disconnected.So I am stuck with Junk
 I would buy single wall hooks instead.This one is okay , but it can get expensive when you buy all the various attachments for the track.A little bit of a pain to install if your wall studs do n't match up to the holes on the track .
 I bought 8 of these for backyard lighting powered by typical low-voltage landscaping line -LRB- AC-12V -RRB- . So far , only one has survived . The average lifetime for each is < 2 weeks . Not worth it . Not sure if they last longer with DC power .
 I have five garden lights in enclosed lantern housings that have been using thesebulbs for the last year or so . At first I went thru six bulbs until I got some thatlasted for last six months . I just had another fail . They do n't seem to like cold weather -LRB- 28 to 32 degrees F -RRB- , and may have trouble starting . When they work the light output is very good .
 I bought several of these to replace the normal low voltage bulbs . the electricity saving is great , but most of these lights burn out within two months max , which ends up being a much higher cost to replace , etc. . .
 Do your homework before you purchase this product . It lasted only three nights -LRB- 36 hours -RRB- before it burned out . To be fair it was used on a solar system , which did not fully recharge in the winter months . This may be a problem for this bulb . The previous bulb it replaced lasted three years . It may be just fine with constant power .
 These were a waste of money . My system is regulated DC , no power surges.Bought two , first one lasted three weeks . Keeping my fingers crossed for next one .
 I used this lamp in a 2 lamp fixture ; one failed after a few weeks warranty ?? I even secured the lamps so they could not vibrate with a wire tie ; now one of lights very dim other works fine ! update 2/21/2013 Received 2 lamps and letter of apology and company is to revise lab testing of life to use vibration of the lamp in determining lamp life . Prior the lamps were in fixed sockets in a lab .
 This is a great concept . You can use any light socket or lamp , connect to a 12 volt system , and you have an energy efficient light source . Unfortunately they do not last ! They burn out very quickly and at 10 bucks a pop they are not worth it . I have not found any way to contact the manufacturer to find out if there are any special requirements for increasing the life of this product . Wal-mart sells a 12 volt bulb with a 1000 hour warranty for $ 1.50
 USED A BULB FOR 2 WEEKS ON EMERGENCY LIGHTING CIRCUIT ... RUNNING FROM BATTERY , SO THERE WAS NO VOLTAGE FLUCTUATION . . ON AND OFF MAYBE 15 TIMES AND BULB FAILEDNO WAY TO CONTACT ANYONE ... SAVE YOUR MONEY , DONT BUY THESE
 Bought 4 of these for a solar system . ONLY used them in one socket , withing 4 days , 2 were already blown . They do not handle fluctuting DC voltages such as those seen in a solar system . No built in regulation . I 've use many items for years off the 12v solar that are sensitive equipment ; to include Cell Phones , external Hard drives , and a wireless cellular repeater . So , in a nut shell , a waste of money !
 The washer hoses were advertised as `` made in the USA '' when in fact -LRB- after I recd them -RRB- they were made in china . Look guys-please be honest about your ads . Thanks .
 I followed the instructions just like it said but I never notice any improvement on my orange trees . I will just stick to cow manure for fertilizing my trees .
 We had three of these installed 9 years ago -LRB- 2001 -RRB- . I would not buy them again.They all start leaking -LRB- through the shower head -RRB- every 4-5 years . You then have to refurbish or replace the two internal stop valves . The manual shows how , but it 's time consuming , and too involved for most homeowners . Requires socket wrenches . About 10 parts are removed before you get to the stop valves.The stop valves are $ 150 a pair , but Grohe will send them for free under the lifetime warranty , Or you may just need new O-rings -LRB- special metric sizes , not available in any US hardware store -RRB- . Pro 's : - Thermostat
 This is one of the myriad of contraptions aimed at making something that require skill and patience simple and easy . You might as well light your money on fire . Applying the masking liquid takes almost the same amount of time and skill that it would to cut in with a brush . Save your money . Buy a roll of bluet tape , there 's no way to paint around glass without being patient and careful .
 I used this item a few times for minor kitchen clogs and it worked as expected . But when I tried it on a hair-based clog in the bathtub drain , the pressure was too much for it . The plastic fitting that goes into the drill chuck shattered from the pressure that built up as the drill attempted to advance the snake into the hair clog . This item would be great if the shank were made of metal instead of plastic . I 'm trying to find another one with a metal connection , but no luck so far . I may have to get another plastic unit and just hope for the best .
 I guess I was naive but I expected better . The shank you attach to a drill is made of plastic . Even if you baby it I can see this stripping out in a few uses . Looked like metal in the picture -LRB- silver -RRB- but the one I received is black plastic . But hey , it 's cheap , you get what you pay for I guess
 This product seemed like a good idea when purchased however within the hour the gear between the snake and the drill had stripped . As nasty as the rest of the snake was it did n't seem worth it to try and return . We continued the job by twisting , pushing , and pulling the snake by hand . If you are looking for a snake I recommend you purchase one that comes with a roll-up case and that is rotated by hand .
 Do not buy ! Cheap plastic tip broke as soon as I turned on the drill ! Can not believe I did n't read reviews first !
 The end that fits into the drill stripped as I tried to insert it into a drill . I 've used a drill enough to know that this kind of thing should n't happen as easily as it did with this product . I was unable to use the product and had to return it because of this .
 We used this snake once to clear our shower drain . Worked great . We cleaned it and then put it on the shelf for a little over a year . When we went back to use it on our shower drain a second time , we found that the inner part that is supposed to turn had rusted and so all the tension was building up in the cord . Okay , so we were able to free the rusted head to get it to turn again -LRB- the product calls itself rust resistant but that I guess resistant does n't mean that rust is n't a problem -RRB- . Seemed like this would solve the problem but then as we kept working the cylinder that attaches by the drill had gotten burned out with all the tension in the line from when the head was stuck . Now the inner mechanism wo n't turn at all . It 's now headed for the trash and we 're headed to the store.In sum , this product probably works well if you use it frequently so that it does n't rust up . But know that it might not be a lasting product .
 Item was not what I expected . Too stiff , only able to extend a short distance into the pipe , not flexible enough to move past the bend , which is where the problem is . Did n't take long to figure out it was not going to do the job we needed to have done . Now will still have to have a professional come , adding to the cost . Sorry , just not worth the cost .
 I really do n't see why people rave over this thing . Maybe it works for some , but it certainly did n't work for me . The first time that I tried it , I could n't get the clog out . The next time I tried it , it got the hair , but it also got caught in the drain as a result . I pulled and pulled , drilled this way and that , only to bend out a section of the coiled metal snake as the plastic around it tore apart . Eventually , after pushing , pulling , shaking , and twisting for about a -LRB- stressful -RRB- half hour , I managed to dislodge the tip with a giant clump of hair . But the product was ruined , and if I did n't manage to pull it out , I would have had to pay a plumber God knows how much to break into my drain and extract it . The drill also never really seemed to spin the tip properly , even though I kept the snake straight and rolled out as indicated . I gave it two stars instead of one , because I guess it 's possible that I was doing something wrong , but I read the reviews here , product directions , and watched several you tube videos about snaking drains . I think I 'll just invest in a professional snake if the drain continues to clog .
 The idea is a good one , but the first time I used it , it kinked in spite of me using a helper and going very slowly . I had to pull it out pull the toilet off the floor . I had to use another snake to check the rest of the line .
 Rhe product is NOT exactly what I ordered . There is a difference between Sheer Nutmeg and Nutmeg color . So , my deck is Two toned ... and is NOT by choice
 Small and not a good use of FastTrack space . Pricy also .
 Goes on easy , but turns your floors very dark . I had my kitchen floors -LRB- red oak -RRB- done with a polyurethane finish and they came out a light honey color . I did the rest of the house with Waterlox and the finish is a very dark red . Very disappointing , because I understood that Waterlox was supposed to give your floor a lighter color .
 So I dismantled the sprayer from the bottom -- took off the metal disc , then pulled out the screen . From the top , I took off the rubber seal , unscrewed the thread adapter , then took a pair of long-bladed scissors and pushed out the inner plastic disc with the 1/8 '' hole -- that was the culprit causing the mess . Reassembling was easy enough although I did bend the screen a little to get it back into place but was able to straighten it . Pop the metal disc back in , screw it into the faucet and it works fine . I did have to add my own rubber gasket to the top of the adapter to stop the leak from the faucet , but I think this is due to faucet design . This is the reason for the four-star review rather than five stars . I should n't have had to work that hard . This sprayer replaced a Faucet Queen -LRB- which I have also ordered -RRB- , and unless they have very recently changed their design , I will not have this issue with their product.Updated review
 I chose this product based on another reviewers statement that this was the real deal so I ordered five of them since they 're not available anywhere in my town . It 's not my real deal . The &#34; flex &#34; rubber nozzle ? Ha ! If you bend the nozzle to use it in a flexible way , it comes out of the metal attachment . That 's just a little too flexible for my tastes . I prefer my flexible nozzles to stay attached.Also , there 's a plastic watersaver inside the screw-on part . Take that out . The spray would n't work for us until we removed it.I hoped I had found the answer to my problem . I did n't . I used to be able to buy these and they would last for years . I went through two of them the first week I had them . I 'm really disappointed . I 'll work my way through the other three and then look for another answer .
 Gee , you can get the white clamps for $ 1.51 apiece and the red and blue ones for about $ 2.50 average . Why would anybody in their right mind offer -LRB- or buy -RRB- an $ 8.00 set of clamps for $ 69.99 ??
 I ordered the accessory and paid for one day shipping because I wanted it now ! Only to be told it will ship in 20 days.Defeats the purpose of one day shipping .
 Received inner box flaps ripped open . Spare bulb opened . Shield ends penetrating through box . Definitely not a new item . Immediately returned.Got my 2nd one after returning the first . Inner box package tab ripped . Shield holds penetrating inner packaging . Electrical on/off switch nut and moisture cover laying in bottom of box . Assembly instructions were for wrong model . O-ring used to hold cover in place torn . Quick adjusting nut to adjust tilt missing on left . Paint scratched .
 Kit came missing one major part . Rubbermaid refused to provide it .
 I received a package of bulbs dated 2003 . Seriously ? My older MagLite has always been on the dim side . After hearing that the bulb technology had improved , I decided to try the newer bulbs rather than replace the flashlight . I did not count on Amazon shipping an 8-year old product .
 The bulbs did not work well . The intensity was dim , and the color was yellow . The package showed the bulbs were manufactured in Dec 2003 . Very un-Amazon to sell inferior quality product like this . I would have given this zero stars if I could .
 I got these for the extra long handle for more leverage . I expected them to become my favorite diagonal cutter . I have two others - one Crescent brand and one Channellock . So the first time I cut a piece of steel coat hanger wire about 1/8 diameter I was very disappointed to see a half round dent in each jaw 's cutting edge ! The Crescent I have had for maybe twenty years and have cut similar metal pieces 100 's or 1000 's of times without a problem . Thank heaven for Amazon 's return policy -- these are going back to Amazon now!Another problem with these diagonal cutters is that even though they have extra length handles , the jaw 's cutting edge ends about 3/16 inch ; farther from the pivot than it should -- there is just a flat right adjacent to the pivot . So you loose maybe 25 % of the potential leverage because you have to place the wire being cut out from the bottom end of the jaw nearest the pivot . This is also a problem if you are reaching somewhere so as not to be able to see how far the wire is into the jaw . In other words you can not `` bottom out '' the wire in the jaw and expect it to cut!UPDATE
 I received a package of bulbs dated 2003 . Seriously ? My older MagLite has always been on the dim side . After hearing that the bulb technology had improved , I decided to try the newer bulbs rather than replace the flashlight . I did not count on Amazon shipping an 8-year old product .
 The bulbs did not work well . The intensity was dim , and the color was yellow . The package showed the bulbs were manufactured in Dec 2003 . Very un-Amazon to sell inferior quality product like this . I would have given this zero stars if I could .
 I 'm sure that I will have lost these before I go through two light bulbs that came with the flash light.it is nice to have a c-cell flashlight ... these batteries are usually still available during storms/power outages when D 's and AA 's are cleaned out of the stores
 Bought these for employees to use in the freezer/coolers . The gloves fit my 5 ' 8 '' and under women . They are not big enough for my woman 's size 8 hand , or for my men , who just laughed when they saw them/tried them on.Made in China .
 The little metal piece this uses to stay on the fast track does n't stay in and mine got lost after it fell out . Now the whole thing is useless . I do n't understand why it was designed so poorly .
 To use this on Bosch routers , you still need to get the RA1126 . PC style threaded templet guides are better.Just get RA1126 + RA1100 and brass PC style threaded templet guides.Never should have bought this .
 I bought these to go with a router I bought from Amazon and even though it is recommended to be used with the specific router I bought , I ca n't figure out how it can be used .
 I ordered this template guide set and expect to get working with the Bosch router right away . I was so wrong . None of the template guide will fit in my new Bosch 1617 router base . They all fall straight through . I found out that you need another adapter , RA1126 , before you can use these guide bushings . What the heck . I do n't see that described in any of the product descriptions . I had to go to the Bosch website and search for it . Bosch even made it difficult to purchase because none of its recommended vendors have this in stock.So my project is on hold while the adapter is on backorder . Why does n't Bosch include this quick change adapter to the kit or even in the router ? I buy the tool and have to wait for Bosch to nickle and dime me .
 I own 4 Bosch routers and the weakest link to such a good router is the templates , Two broke while using the router , destroying the template guide the bit and the peice of work . Very furstationg when this occurs . there is no excuse for this product being made by Bosch .
 I purchased a new Bosch router and this 7-piece router template guide set to do inlay work . You can not use the guides on the router without an adapter . The thing is the adapter is not available though Bosch are anyone else that I could find on line . The only thing I can think of is maybe there is some type of recall or somthing on this item . I do n't know how anyone can sell things that can not be used .
 Nice idea to have the quick change guides . They do n't hold up to actual use . They are made of two pieces and become loose after only a couple uses . Disappointed I am .
 Just like another reviewer here , I found these template guides to be surprisingly poorly made . And it 's too bad because I love the quick-change design . The problem was that the cylinder in the very first guide I used snapped off during use the very first time I used it . Fortunately it did n't just fly off the router or it could have cause me to ruin my workpiece or worse . But now the guide is useless , after less than one use . I 'm hesitant to try any of the other sizes now for fear of the same thing happening . It 's just not worth it.Another reviewer suggested using the Bosch adapter for PC template guides . I think it 's sound advice and that 's my plan . I 've had a great experience with other Bosch tools -LRB- the only exception being the susceptibility of the power switch in the 1617 EVS router to wood dust -RRB- , so this shoddy product caught me by surprise .
 My bit was rubbing the side of the guide a little , the guide heated up and came apart . Ruined an expensive bit . These are cheap garbage .
 I usually like Bosch products but this set of guides is way off the mark . Unlike most guides which fit the baseplate of the router these do n't and there is nothing to indicate the need for an adapter . You can buy an adapter , but there is nothing to show how the adapter is a -RRB- supposed to fit and b -RRB- how to use it with the guides . To compound things the entire package -LRB- guides and adapter -RRB- is over priced when compared to other offerings for other routers . These are a major disappointment .
 This set does n't include the bushing insert . It 's sold separately.That 's ok but it would be good if this info was included in the description .
 I checked my bushing guide and it is .492 inches in dia . Which give .008 clearance but it will not work freely in 27 of the templates . I am using a small sanding drum to open them up . Very time consuming . Not a happy camper .
 These guides are cheap 2-piece guides with the `` barrel '' guide swaged into the `` base '' . You would be better off to just buy the PC adaptor from a Bosch Service Center and buy PC templates or a PC guide set . True the BOSCH snaps in but I had one come apart at the swage , the first time I used it , dropping the barrel of the guide into the mortise I was routing , while the bit was spinning . Ruined a $ 32 bit and the guide was ruined . Bosch offered to replace the guide , but I would have had to package it and ship it and wait for who knows how long to recieve the replacement . I just chucked the guides and replaced them with Porter Cable guides . You would be better off to just buy the PC adaptor from the Bosch Service Center and buy a PC template guide set . These guides are cheap , poorly made JUNK.NOTE
 my experience is the same as KB , s , cheaply made and not up to bosch standards.mine snapped at the junction and job blown.mike
 Installing the wall uprights very straightforward , until we discovered that we were missing 6 of the 14 anchors and screws , $ 5.31 later we completed the upright installation . the we installed the brackets , easy . Finally , we tried to follow the instructions for securing the shelving on all four brackets , 1 hour later we have not completed the first shelve , we get one bracket in but can not get the next one.I would call this a poorly engineered product , with limited quality control
 This product contains absolutely no mounting hardware , it is literally just a shelf . Do not buy unless you have the proper mounting hardware !
 Shipped item was only 1 pound not 2 like amazon has on the page !!!! Bon tool is a tool and will not help you , your on your ow . GOOD LUCK !!!
 I bought and installed this unit for a 600sf garage-apartment conversion . The tankless concept appealed to me , because it makes no sense to waste energy keeping a tank of water hot 24/7 . It also mounts on the wall outside - saving some precious indoor space.The heater was professionally installed , inspected , etc. and actually does heat water -LRB- thus the 2 stars -RRB- . Unfortunately , that 's the last positive thing I have to say about this $ 1,000 adventure.The heater is designed to switch on at a certain flow rate . Only 2 of my 4 hot water outlets are big enough to trip the switch - my bathroom faucet -LRB- brand new & in perfect working order -RRB- does n't ` trip ' the heater even when it 's open all the way , and my washing machine -LRB- also brand new -RRB- never demands enough water to turn the heater on . This is NOT adjustable - there is no way to get the heater to turn on at a lower flow rate.It is also impossible to make ` warm ' water anywhere in the apartment . The heater ONLY heats when the kitchen or shower faucet is open all the way - start mixing hot & cold , and the heater kicks off . This results in unexpected , instant cold shower!My solution ? I open another tap wide open so i can wash my clothes in hot water or take a warm shower instead of a scalding/freezing one . When i do this , everything works as expected . I get whatever temperature water I want , and as much as I want , and of course the hot water never runs out . But this `` solution '' means I WASTE more hot water -LRB- and energy -RRB- than I actually USE ! After paying $ 1000 to buy and install an energy-SAVING water heater , this is an infuriating end result . I could have used a traditional storage heater for about a third as much , and it would have worked exactly as expected.After asking around , I found out this is a common problem with tankless heaters . I wish I had done more homework before I made the purchase .
 We are very displeased with this water heater . Often when we have a windy day , maybe twice a month on average , the wind BLOWS OUT the pilot light . There is no pilot adjustment screw on the pilot . We have spent hours trying to figure out how to increase the pilot flame size to no avail.We have read all the documentation that came with the unit and all the Bosch documentation online . For some reason Bosch documention is very careful to not discuss this issue . They keep refering to
 All tankless heaters conform to 1960 's western European technology and back then we all used a small tankless at the point of demand . One in the kitchen for the sink and the laundry machine -LRB- not many people have a separate laundry room . another in the family bathroom . As houses and demand grew the 1970 's oil shock hit and effected gas prices too . European Govt.s brought out strict energy regs and people began to switch to highly efficient central instant boilers assisted by highly insulated small tanks . These systems also heat the house in winter . An average installation costs $ 7,000 US dollars per 1000 sqft of house.These Bosch heaters are 50 year old technology built bigger for the USA to replace your usual central tank boiler.If you 're going to use them I recommend using two smaller heaters -LRB- but that requires a plumber moving pipes around -RRB- one for kitchen laundry one for showers.BUT you 're still using old tech . I now live in Mexico and here Bosch has local competition and the boilers cost half of these Amazon prices and have a 9 volt battery rather than gas pilot or 110v connection . Actually in Europe tankless heaters were used because most houses just had a cold water supply round the house and these heaters ran off a branch from the cold loop . You could try that . . just a couple of feet of copper pipe , , , , er bet it 's not up to code though . When I look at the building services tech used in the USA I ca n't help notice the similarity to your car industry . Sorry .
 I 'm a professional plumber / licensed plumbing contractor in CA with decades of experience both installing and servicing tankless water heaters . I like the idea that Bosch brought their small work horse out in an exterior model but sealing the bottom and drawing in combustion air from the top has left several of these , one of which I just finished servicing after one month in operation with streaks on the glass view window and exterior . These have developed black streaks most likely from drawing in vented combustion gases into the combustion chamber resulting in excess condensate . In two cases both piezio igniters had failed and had to be replaced . In both cases , the home owners could not get through to Bosch and opted to purchase what should have been warranted parts through a third party . Like many accelerated generations of Bosch models , this rush to market without the brutal test of real time application leaves a lot to be desired . A nice touch with the new anti freeze ceramic heaters but if the power goes out during a freeze , good by Bosch . This is only for a home in a mild climate , not snow country.Bosch was originally a French company and if you love working on French cars , you 'll love the same design philosophy that has remained , quirky at best . In their defense , I have seen Bosch 125 B models lasting over 2 decades without a single service call and absolutely no other tankless on the market can state that . If your are going to spend $ 1K on a tankless , a little due diligence is in order .
 the hose kinks all the time not as good as the craftsman rubber hose said it was com . grade i would say not
 I 'd like to note at the start what I received was not a product manufactured by General Tools.First the finish is rough and the plating comes off on your fingers when you try to use the tool . I got a metal splinter I 'm still trying to get out of my index finger.The collet 's are not made of a hardened metal and bend rather than return to their original shape . Tightening the chuck is impossible as the threads are very poorly stamped rather then cut.I 've owned the General Tools 92 Swivel Head Pin Vise before and found it to be a quality tool . This is not.I will be requesting a refund .
 So bad I returned it . It was like clear paint with some pigment mixed in . -LRB- Yes , I shook it for 2 minutes before using -RRB- . Would have taken 3 or 4 coats to do what Rustoleum spray paint does in 1 or 2 coats . Horrible.Maybe I just got a bad can . In that case , 1-star for feeble quality control . A paint company should know better .
 The can was a disaster ! The new `` comfort spray '' did not work well at all , and seemed to drip paint everywhere rather than actually spray . I was covered in paint after trying to use it a couple of times before giving up . Very wasteful , messy , and annoying . Will definitely not be purchasing anything with the `` comfort spray '' grip again .
 The last can of Krylon I bought sprayed horribly inconsistently . There were lots of globs that came shooting out , coating both the wood I was painting as well as covering my hand . I shook the can before using and while painting . I 've never seen spray paint this bad before . I used a can of Valspar spray paint and it worked beautifully . Nice even spray . Not sure what 's going on as I have used Krylon years ago and it worked fine . I guess the old adage is true , `` they just do n't make them like they used to '' .
 I have used Krylon as my go to paint for many projects over the years . It always went on easily , laid down nicely to a good finish , covered well , and rarely sagged or ran . in short it was very forgiving for an occasional user like myself . These properties were a result of getting the formula just right for surface tension , viscosity , the perfect ratio of pigment to solvent , and the correct drying time to balance between flashing off too fast so it ca n't flow , to drying too slowly so it wo n't sag or run . Because of this for decades Krylon was my go-to spray can paint choice every time . I would drive to another hardware store in another town to get it over any other brand if I had to . It used to be that good.Well the regulations about paint have changed and virtually all paint manufacturers are scrambling to change thier formulas to comply . Not just spray cans , but all paints from professional automotive finishes to house paints . Like everyone else Krylon has had to change thier formula.But the new Krylon is not so great . It has too little pigment to solvent , which means you have to put down multiple thin coats , or apply a thicker coat to cover . BUT WAIT ! When you lay this new formula paint on thin you get flash-off before it flows ... . which resluts in a rough granular sort of surface , and if you lay it on a little thicker it dries too slowly which then leads to two kinds of problems
 I painted my Ashley sheetmetal parlor -LRB- woodburner -RRB- stove with this black paint , followed the instructions , burned logs in the stove outside before reinstalling it a year and a half ago , and every time I heat my house since painting the stove , it smells like burning paint , and it 's peeling off where the metal is hottest . The smell is still severe after hundreds of fires , and I 'm concerned that the only resolution may be to chemically remove the paint and use something else . It says `` ideal for wood burning stoves '' on the can . I disagree .
 If you mean to rate the product itself , it is fine . The service , however , was not , although I do n't know if Amazon is to blame or the vendor themselves . If you are going to offer NEXT DAY delivery and charge the customer $ 45 plus then deliver it the next day . I had no idea that the vendor meant that it would be delivered the next day to Amazon and then it would take another day -LRB- or in this case two -RRB- to reach me from Amazon . Clarification is critical here .
 I assume the product would have been ok but , it arrived in an unusable condition . Insufficient packing material was used in a box that was too big for the two quarts of paint that was ordered . The paint cans were bent and misshappened resulting in a hole in one of the cans . The entire mess was deposited in the trash and now resides in the city landfill . I had a deadline to meet using the ordered paint which necessitated a local purchase .
 This did not bond as well with the plastic as some other brands I have tried.After several days of drying it still easy scrapes off in the corners .
 I bought this kit thinking it was a bargain . Truth is it failed me horribly after about a dozen uses . First casualty was the spiral saw . That broke after the 2nd use . The button to lock the chuck , which is required to change bits , stripped itself . So much for that , but I figured that was okay because I still had the drill and saw which , for the price I paid , was a good deal . Next fatality - the saw . Tried both batteries , and both batteries had a full charge , but after using it to cut some MDF for a speaker box then trying to cut some pressure-treated plywood , the motor burned itself out . Another tool down . Now , I do n't necessarily blame the tool here . Home Depot wo n't cut pressure-treated wood for you , so maybe the wood was just too much for this saw . Okay , no problem . The drill was still working.Well , the final nail happened this week when the charger for the batteries died . Now i ca n't charge the batteries making this set pretty much useless . I have a nice tool bag for what I wind up replacing hem with . Buffalo Tools supposedly has a warranty ... good luck finding someone to call to make a claim.If you are using these only fo emergencies where a corded tool is n't around , they might be okay . My advice would be to stay away from this set , take the money and buy a good model of the one tool you 're going to use the most -LRB- probably the drill -RRB- , and stick with name brands .
 Then I opened it for the first time and it broke . Hopefully the second one is better ... I really need a decent folding fillet knife for my tackle box .
 These are really terrible yard lights . Switches do n't work . A candle throws more light . Would not recommend to anyone unless you are looking for a firefly-level of lighting .
 Package arrived in tatters , dumped under carport . The ladder was splintered and broken and a joke of a purchase . I am sure it left in good condition but it arrived to me a mess ! DO NOT AIR TRANSPORT THESE TYPES OF ITEMS ... THEY GET TOSSED AROUND & BROKE !! I read other reviews of this same exact purchase and they also had the exact same problem ! Now my money will be tied up for 4 weeks and I have a huge hole in my ceiling ! Do yourself a favor and go to the closest home depot and they have the same ladder for the same price . Sorry Amazon but these things just do not ship well . Very disappointed .
 This stuff does n't dry . After waiting 8 days , we grouted , only to have the glue that still apparently was n't dry in the middle bubble up and wreck the grout . We discovered later that many others have had this problem . The company 's so-called customer service is a joke . The representative to whom I complained was extremely rude , asked the same questions over and over by phone and mail , then ended by calling me a liar . I strongly advise against anyone buying anything made by Tile Perfect .
 There is no such thing as `` pre-mixed thinset '' . By definition , thinset mortar mix contains portland cement , which when mixed with water , `` sets up '' . Products sold as premixed thinset are some type of mastic , or glue , and do n't have the same properties as thinset .
 I purchased this unit and received it from Kaito with a broken casing . After many , many phone calls and nonsense they agreed to send me out a new unit . I had to send the old unit back and did so with expedited shipping so I could get it back asap . It was n't until nearly a month afterward that I received the replacement . Upon using the station I realized the temp readout was not the temp of he iron , far from it . The recovery time was awful , and the tip was very shoddy . After using the unit for approximately an hour it died and I do n't have the time to deal with Kaito Electronics once again . Please save up a few extra dollars and get a Weller or Hakko . I threw away a month of my time , and some of my hard earned money and still need a soldering station .
 I purchased this product to go along with the Delta bike rack . Yes , it will keep your tire off the wall and I suppose it is somewhat complementary in style to the rack in that they both display a similar curve . But there is much to be desired here . The piece is only about six inches long and therefore will only separate wall from tire at that one point where the bike is completely suspended from the rack . Since the securing of the bike in the rack requires a higher lift and then a lowering to its final resting point it would have been better to have a tray of some length that the rear tire could roll in as you secure the bike in the rack . And of course since it is so short that you are out of luck if you try to hang a different bike whose wheels are n't separated by the exact same distance.Another complaint is that this item is just a solid piece of translucent plastic whereas the rack is metal , so when you see them on the wall it 's not quite obvious that they were meant to go together . Lastly the attachment to the wall is via an adhesive pad . There is no hole for anchoring it more securely and of course when you get a new bike and need to have the rack and tray at a different distance from each other you 'll likely damage the wall trying to relocate it .
 Update June 2 , 2012
 I just retrieved my Flotec submersible sump pump from my water collection area . The pump had stopped working , tripping the GFCI receptacle through which it is powered . The pump was submerged under the collected water . When I pulled it up to see if the impeller was stuck , a lot of very fine oil ran out . I tried power-cycling it with immediate trips of the GFCI . I brought it into my garage to look at it and all 4 bolts on top of the housing were very rusted . I used a hose to wash the rust off and the bolts were so rusted that two of the bolt heads fell off just under water pressure . What a cheaply engineered product . Flotec must be very proud of their `` submersible '' pump with bolts that rust out and seals that don not seal . I 'll never own another one and I 'd advise against anyone 's buying one .
 These are being sold as 36 '' clamps.what you receive is 12 ''
 Do your research before buying a Mico faucet.This seems to be common problem . Having difficulty getting it repaired.Beware .
 I just bought this plane thinking it would be decent because of the low price . But , you can do much better if you just look around . For this plane , the blade needs to be sharpened once you get it or you are going to be doing a lot more work and wasting a lot of time . I would suggest going your local tool shop and getting a plane . I just went to harbor freight tool and got a 9 '' and 3 '' plane which was much better than this one - it was heavier , the blade was sharper and the bottom was much smoother - all for $ 15 . So , just look locally and use this as a last resort .
 I bought this so I could plane a few sticking doors . The blade is full of nicks and is not even sharp . The thing just jumps up and down and will not shave the wood . I have used cheaper planes that worked . This one will not . Stanley did not respond to an email I sent to Customer Service for assistance . Do n't waste your money with this .
 I did n't wand to pay a lot for a plane so I thought I 'd take a chance on this one . The sole is very rough and needs a lot of work . Hard to adjust the blade . I do n't do a lot of work with hand tools so I thought I could get by with this one . Handle and knob are cheap plastic
 I ordered the ` Flotec ' gauge , but received a ` Parts H20 ' - same item that I had previously rejected from a local supplier .
 order Flotec and recieved a Chinese replacement , same with the gauge that i ordered.On the bright side , the return went well . will never purchase plumbing or electrical components from amazon again .
 I just hooked up one of these to my residential supply , and it is reporting 10psi . Pretty sure that is n't right . Good thing I purchased three . Maybe the other two work .
 I purchased two of these rubber hoses for the simple reason that it had `` commercial '' as a part of the product description . Unfortunately these hoses did not last long under heavy foot / vehicle traffic . The hose ruptured rather easily . It 's rubber all the way through . This is a good hose if you are needing something to sit around the house and water your petunias . If you need it to wash your car where it might get run over , move over to soemthing a little more rugged .
 I bought it because I needed a strong commercial-grade hose that could handle the pressure of a being attached to an irrigation well , and the water left on and feeding into a high-quality nozzle . I had this hose for only a few weeks , and it developed a bubble/blister near the female end , luckily we caught it before it ruptured . Switched a a 10-ply hose from a local commercial pressure-washer dealer . This hose was definitely not worth what we paid .
 This was not the hose I was hoping for . This hose is a soft rubber and kinks badly .
 I have to tell you ... who comes up with the design of this stuff ? The nut that made this did n't have a clue . I have a Milwaukee tool belt so I bought this thinking that I could put it on my Milwaukee tool belt , but no . The loop in the holster is so small it will not fit on the belt . Sorry Milwaukee you screwed this one up .
 I do n't understand why this fan is more than $ 100 more thanWestinghouse Winchester Four-Light 52-Inch Five-Blade Ceiling Fan , Brushed Nickel with Frosted White Alabaster Globes # 72056 . The Mimosa offers the typical hold your arms above your head for an hour and fool with wires , downrods , light fixtures , screws and fan blades . When I was done , I got a fan with a quiet but distinct electrical hum . The Winchester was at least three times as easy to install -LRB- less fooling with wires , no fooling with lighting and snapping instead of bolting the blades in -RRB- and does not have an electrical hum . The Mimosa is a pretty fan , but I have no idea why it is more expensive than the Winchester .
 These goggles fog up faster than any goggle I have seen . They claim to be anti-fog but MSA must not have tested this feature . It makes me wonder about their other products . The goggles become useless in a matter of seconds due to fog . Otherwise they are a pretty nice google but when you ca n't see , they are of no value .
 I bought these goggles -LRB- from another vendor -RRB- to use when cutting wood with my table saw , miter saw , and other cutting and sanding tools . I use these tools in my basement , where humidity is low , and the temperature remains cool . These googles have an air vent on the sides of the frames , but it is not effective . Within minutes , these goggles fog up on me . Using them outdoors , same problem . The problem is that they tend to fog up very quickly from the forehead , then the fog goes down from there.Of course , once they fog up , they become dangerous for me , as I could not see what I was doing around these potentially dangerous power tools.For safety purposes , they work well protecting one 's eyes from projectiles.I keep these handy now only for times where I need an assistant that is not doing the actual wood-cutting , but needs protection for his/her eyes.I am going to buy some other goggles that have air vents along the entire frame of the goggles , hoping that that design may work better . I am thinking that it will , as most of the heat that escapes from one 's body goes out the head . With vents surrounding the entire frame , it seems that the heat from the head will be better vented out .
 David White 's name is what lead us to this product . But when we received it , it was clear that overseas production or corner cutting has diminished the overall quality . The foot pegs on the tripod are made of plastic and would surely break off if too much pressure was applied in tougher ground . Additionally , a call to a recognized repair facility resulted in a virtual guarantee that we would be using their services in the not-too-distant future . Thankfully , we purchased via Amazon where we were able to easily return the unit and shop for something more durable . For the record , we found no optical builders levels still being manufactured in the US . All of them seem to be coming from China or India . Even the Japanese and Swiss manufacturers have moved their production facilities there .
 I 'm a bit of a knife hound and I generally stay away from these cheaper blades , but every once and a while you find a gem hidden in the rough . Unfortunately the Tool Logic SL1 I received is not one of these gems . Instead , take a cheap blade , add an underpowered flashlight , a whistle and a cheap , overly bulky housing , and you get the SL1 . * Note
 I like how this knife feels in the hand , and the fact that it 's very easy to snap open with either hand , left or right.However the add-on flashlight is pretty much useless . The beam is underpowered , and if you twist the head too much - it falls out of the socket , together with batteries and few other small parts ... and then good luck finding them all in the dark ... So I 'd give 4-5 stars for the knife , and 0 for the flashlight .
 The Flashlight is a pretty cool item . Feels substantial , and is relatively bright for how small it is.On the other hand , the knife is a complete piece of garbage . I have bought better knives at Circle K. Blade is loose and has a lot of play . I bought this to give as a gift to a friend and now I cant , I would be much too embarrassed to hand him this pile of horribleness .
 I 'm not sure who exactly is in the target demographic for this knife . If you want something to throw in a backpack just in case or if you have the need to do some light slashing or stabbing after hours , this might do the job , but generally I thought that this combination knife/flashlight/whistle fell short in all three areas . - Knife
 It 's actually a really smart idea attaching a flashlight to a knife . Even in pitch darkness the little light can shine up a small room pretty well . It 's firmly in place -LRB- unlike another reviewer said , it is impossible for the flashlight to `` fall off '' so he must have had a different model -RRB- . The light is always directed at the blade so you know where you 're pointing the thing and can easily see what you 're cutting . Unfortunately , for the shockingly expensive price tag of $ 40 or even Amazon.com discount of $ 25 , it just is n't worth it.The Pros : - Flashlight is bright , effectively pointed , never falls off . - Handy . Given you find yourself in an extreme situation where you need a knife , it is likely you will also need a flashlight . The combination of the two is useful and great.The cons : - Dull knife -LRB- it is sharp , do n't get me wrong , but for $ 40 you should expect better -RRB- . - Dangerous -LRB- as others have mentioned , the blade flops out really really really easily , making it accident-prone -RRB- . - Expensive -LRB- Waaaaaay too expensive . At $ 10 I would feel less guilty and at $ 5 I might even recommend getting one . . but as long as the asking price is $ 15 and up , I call this product a rip-off -RRB- . Overall , the only good -LRB- and safe -RRB- spot I can think to keep this is in the glove compartment of my car . You never know when you need to cut off a seat belt , survive in the wilderness , or stab an approaching zombie . In any of those cases , I think this knife would be helpful . I do n't know that it 's actually sharp enough to easily cut through a seat belt , but I 'm guessing it would do the trick if you sawed at it long enough . Probably the most helpful thing about it is the flashlight , though . Even if you are n't using the knife for anything , it is quite bright for such a tiny thing . I just hope I wo n't accidentally stab myself with the loose blade .
 This is a cool mini-pocketknife , with a stainless steel serrated blade . The locking mechanism is solid , holds the blade tight in place once out . It 's good for quick cutting , like box opening or a fast cut through cord or thin wire.However , the flashlight is a dud . The light is insufficient for any real illumination purposes except for up-close lighting , perhaps lighting your car or front door keyhole . The spin-to-turn-on function is poorly set ; too far abd the dial falls off.As for the whistle ? Let 's put it this way ; I 'm of a mind that anything you might potentially put against your mouth in the dark should not come attached to an object that could slice your lips off . Final verdict , too much clutter on a decent blade . You 'd be better serviced by an old fashioned Swiss army knife .
 I 've had this about a year now , and have used it on about a half dozen jobs . While it works great on some ceramics , and is accurate , it is incredibly plasticy/flimsy and will not break porcelin and other high grade tiles . The problem is that the cutter flexes too much where it should be transferring the force to the tile . The blade is also held in by only a flanged pin , and so popped out the other night . Also , the handle no longer smoothly glides on the shafts . I will try to return this to Amazon if they will still take it back .
 This solvent is a mediocre performer . Since it does appear to be less toxic than many others , I gave it two stars . However , it does not perform nearly as well as other solvents on the market . Although other solvents require more care when using them , they are much more effective . I recommend using other solvents and simply using the appropriate care required .
 Bought this as a first wet saw for two small bathroom stone tile jobs . For making straight cuts it works well enough . However , the cheap plastic rip fence broke after about 15 cuts , after which I had to clamp it down . Never had use for the miter gauge , but it looked like accuracy might be an issue -- again , a cheap-looking plastic item . Yes , this saw will make 45-deg bevel cuts , but only at the end of a piece , not in the middle , and with pretty poor accuracy . All in all , I was frustrated but getting by with this saw -- it 's still cheaper than renting for more than a day or two -- but then when I was about 80 % done with the project , the motor simply quit halfway through a cut and would not reset even after a `` cooldown '' . Overall , I 'd recommend this only for very small projects where you want the time flexibility of making cuts over a few days rather than renting .
 As a new home owner I was happy with this saw at first , not really knowing what to expect . The monstrous fountain of spray created by the cutting wheel was tolerable , but one job escalated into three , by which time the motor had failed.Anyway , I purchased an all steel model with a 3/4 hp motor for the same price and it was clear that the Plasplugs model was inferior in every way . For DIY take a look at the Workforce THD 550 or the very similar WS1807 from TileTools.us . It 's a no brainer ...
 I do n't think much of the construction of this product - after only moderate use the nylon gear in the motor gear reduction unit lost all the teeth . This may have been caused because there was only a small amount of grease in the housing . As this is an area that is not regularily serviced it may help if more lubricant was added during assembly . Seems a shame that a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- tool was rendered useless by a lack of ... of lubricant . Would n't recommend !
 This saw works great ... until you need a new blade ! It is impossible to find a replacement blade . My kitchen floor is half done and now we have to purchase a new wet saw to finish the job ! I even called Amazon help and they could n't find a match . The blades at home depot & lowes are 5/8 '' and will not fit as this is a 7/8 '' saw . This is an older model and replacement blades are not even shown on the plasplugs website for this model.Update
 I purchased this tile cutter at Menards for $ 49.00 . I cut 2pcs of 1/2 '' 18 `` x18 '' travertine stone tile and the motor quit . I had to use my Dewalt angle grinder to finish the job .
 I bought four of these tarps in a slightly longer version and only got one winter out of them before they began deteriorating and leaking . At my location in Connecticut they do n't receive alot of sun , but I was disappointed when I found this winter -LRB- their second -RRB- that the bulk of my firewood was wet and damp . Upon inspection the tarps just seemed to be worn through and weak in places . I mistakenly presumed that with their size and style they were designed for woodpiles and a longer life span , but now I 'm looking for more serious tarps to keep my wood dry .
 Meets the need for a light if you really have to put a light on your fan . Our problem is that our Emerson fan is a high end model . While the finish matched well , the fitter detracted seriously from the unit 's appearance . Installed it and immediately took it off and sent it back .
 Same experience as the others . Worked great . Went to put on after not that much use and snap , the headband broke into two pieces . Now to figure out how to contact the company to see if they will replace .
 I have to concur with the other review . These ear muffs were great until they split in half . Went to put them on after 6 months of light use and crack !
 Excellent head phones until they split in half . I bought two pair not knowing . I ca n't believe they 're still on the shelves.MSA did replace them with no problem and sent a better model that works great .
 Like the other reviewers , I found these ear muffs failed after a few months of light use . The headpiece broke in half . I got replacements twice but finally just threw out the last pair when they broke . There is no way you can use this product without it failing no matter how gently you put the ear muffs on your head . For the best ear muffs search for Bilsom Thunder T3 . They are so good I bought two one for me , one for my wife .
 Same deal as all the other reviewers
 I 've had these ear muffs for awhile . They are comfortable and great at blocking out noise . I use them for around the house chores , such as vacuuming.I just went to use them and the headband had split in half . Arrgh ! So annoying!Before they split in half , they were great . Easily worthy of four stars , and maybe even five . -LRB- Update
 This was a good ear muff for playing drums until it snapped into two pieces . I had used it very few times and always with care but it was disappointing to see how easy it broke.I would n't buy this again unless they come up with better headband support .
 So far I 've bought three of these at one of the big box stores because it 's the only kind they carry . After the first pair snapped , I was very careful but to no avail . I finally wised up and am checking Amazon for my next pair .
 After getting a free replacement pair of these ear muffs having the first pair split in half I was smart enough to get a Peltor back up pair . Sure enough after maybe using the new pair once a month for about six months they also split in half . Luckily I had a back up pair or I would have been unable to do the work I wanted to do that day . Oh , they are inexpensive and they 'll work fine at the beginning but one day when you really need them they will split in half and you will be wondering why you ever purchased them .
 I had these earmuffs for about a year . Probably about six months in , one of the earcups fell off , but it could be put back on . Then about six months later , the headband snapped right in the middle , making them useless after about a year , give or take . The headband is made of plastic , so it 's really not all that surprising they broke . Although , the packaging says they were made in Taiwan . I 'm accustomed to high manufacturing standards for things from Taiwan , but it goes to show you , cheap goods can be made anywhere . I will only get earmuffs with a metal band now.On the plus side , they were pretty comfortable and fold up for easy storage ; noise reduction was decent . Spend a little more for something better though .
 I bought 2 pair at the same time . After 6 months of use both pair snapped about the center of headband . Did not keep receipts so the least i can do is warn others . Dont buy these things .
 Went to put them on and the band snapped . I was n't pulling on them hard or anything . They were OK before they broke , nothing special . Not sure it is going to be worth it to call the company to replace them .
 Bought them off the shelf at a big box store . About six months of sporadic use and they snapped in half . Do not waste your money !
 I was initially excited about this set -LRB- enough to have it over-nighted -RRB- , upon landing a contract to install 55 wood slab blanks . Although it appears decent enough to get the job done -LRB- and easier than using a tape measure alone -RRB- , I was THOROUGHLY disappointed with the quality of this product ! It -LRB- 1 hinge section -RRB- broke during the first use ! Even the ` steel ' case is made from the same ` pot metal ' we 've been sold and have become accustomed to when originating in China . EVERY piece in this set is sub-standard quality and reeks of eminent failure if you 're planning this tool for daily use ! I use Milwaukee products daily , and have been not only a fan , but a serious proponent for YEARS ! I have been praising their tools to contractors nationwide ! I have not only been scorned by , but have CONVERTED hard core DeWal * -LRB- You know who users ! -RRB- , when comparing the tools side-by-side ! I 'm now sorry to say that I found out that THEY too -LRB- Milwaukee -RRB- have sold out the manufacturing of some of their items to a foreign country for a higher profit margin in exchange for an exponentially reduced QUALITY product . -LRB- DeWal * tried this by subbing out the manufacturing and assembly portions to Mexico ! Now their products CONSISTANTLY rank amongst the lowest in quality , accuracy , AND longevity ! Think I 'm kidding ? G00gle the DW718 vs. the DW708 and you 'll see what I mean ! -RRB- Before ANY future purchase , I will request the `` Country of Origin '' label before I commit to buy ... Sad , sad thing MILWAUKEE ...
 I have owned these for just under six months . In that time I have replaced the batteries six times . The POWER ON LED 's have never worked . The left muff now has a noticable static/crackle when active . I agree with the ill concieved battery placement . If I had known about the battery situation from the beginning , I never would have bought them . You have to remove the ear cushion to get to the battery . Because of the tight fit , you have to push against the electronics to get enough purchase to pop them off . A small notch on the outside so a screw driver would have helped.That all said , the low profile is the main reason I purchased these muffs and they deliver in that regard . They do not interfere with my rifle stock .
 Got these for my husband as he was looking to get a new ear protection for the range ... had lots of good and bad reviews but like most things its best to test it yourself.First impression WOW very compact and super sturdy ... instructions were a bit iffy on the battery needed . they could specify its needs AAA battery but other than that its great . Tested it out real fast in the garage banging a hammer against metal and it was great . Tested speech which had no problems at all . Highly would recommend this to anyone.Now the bad parts . Took them to an indoor range wearing them outside the shooting area sounded great , walked in and hear a BANG from a 9mm was like umm ok . Kept walking towards the lane and hear another .40 cal go off had ringing in my ears . Right away I got out went grabbing regular nr25 slim protectors and it was a major difference . You must wear additional ear plugs using this at least for indoor range or anything powerful . Also no light for on and off light.Buy something else . Only reason it got 2stars for quality of build .
 It wo n't work at a shooting range . Maybe the microphones responding to slow . A slower sound will react better but this one does not work at a range
 Works for the range . Would n't really like it in combat . Good for the money . Six more words required to hit submit .
 To put in batteries is difficult . The ear pads you have to take off are plastic and foam . Very hard to take off , too easy to tear up.The product literature says the unit provides effective ear protection only if the foam pads are in good shape . It further says that the foam pads have a lifetime of about 6 months .
 I have had these Peltor 6s muffs since April . They were purchased to replace a pair of Dillons -LRB- Made by Peltor -RRB- that were over 10 years old . The old Dillons still work , but are in disrepair due to long hard use.I expected the Peltor 6s to be on par , or better than the old product . Not so . The battery installation procedure is a pain . The sound amplification is not nearly as good as the old pair , nor is the sound attenuation . Now the right muff has developed static . I am returning these muffs for refund and will replace them with another brand . What a shame , Peltor has had a reputation for good quality products in the past .
 I bought this for hearing amplification . I have been a shooter for 40 + years.They quit working after the 4th . use . I use plugs when I shoot long guns and when I got to use them next they no longer worked at all . They did not work that well when they did work . Both sides quit functioning . I called Peltor they said that I should just buy another pair.Not likely I have a pair of MSA Sordin Supreme basic that work great . I bought these while on a trip and thought they would serve the purpose . I was wrong.They were not that expensive , but they were not worth even what I paid for them .
 The battery access -LRB- it does ` nt come with any -RRB- is absolutely stupid . I guarantee you will be breaking the plastic muff ring after it 's aged and dried out for 2 years . I had to view an independant online video on battery replacement because it required a massive amount of effort to unsnap the muff cover the get at the battery compartment , and I 'm very surprised it did ` nt crack in half . PASS .
 replacing the batteries is kind of challenging . the speak function is interment . bottom line is you get what you pay for . .
 I bought 2 of these ear muffs about a year ago and both are sitting in the trash right now . The speakers hiss , pop and squeal loudly when they detect a sound . If I tap on it , it might stop but the next sound can set it off again . The knobs are prone to turning on when in the range bag and the cups are a little too shallow and bottom out on the ears before sealing .
 I purchased model 97044 Peltor hearing protector based largely on the reviews I read here . This is quite possibly the worst hearing protection I have ever used . I wrote this unit off as a lemon or part of a bad batch . However , I was at my local shooting range this past weekend when a gentleman approached me because he noticed that I was wearing the same brand that he had . We compared notes and realized that we both had the same issues . They are as follows .1 . The battery location and replacement procedure is ill considered and lends itself to the possibility of damage to the unit when accessing the battery compartment .2 . The location and orientation of the on/off/volume knob , specifically the right side , causes the right unit to be inadvertently activated when the unit is folded for storage . Thus draining the batteries in that unit between uses . This has happened twice .3 . The function of the unit during the first use was good . All subsequent uses have seen a severe decline in quality of the electronics of the unit . My unit crackles and pops . The other gentleman 's does not work at all and he feels that he gets very little protection .4 . The actually Db reduction is somewhat suspect.That all said , a friend has one of the other , more expensive models , that he is happy with thus far . I really do n't know if I 'm willing to give this company more of my money in hopes that there is light ahead . I really hope this helps everyone who is considering this model.Caveat emptor !
 replacing the batteries was a real issue and I punctured the ear membrane twice . Have since bought the upgraded ones and so far they are better in function and ease of battery replacement . They are also more effective is cancelling noise and easier to initially adjust . The top is very hard and I had to add a cushion so that they were comfortable . They were light and did not affect my shooting the shotgun .
 I purchased a total of 5 units and one of them did not work from the get go ... we were in training for 4 days and had no choice but to use a broken set ... Amazon did do an excellent job on refund ...
 My buddy had done some favors for me while I was deployed to Afghanistan , and I bought him a pair of Peltor 6S 's for his efforts . We went out hog hunting the other night and had to spend a lot of time just trying to get the batteries installed . It comes dangerously close to tearing up the unit just to open it for batteries . STRIKE ONE . When we turned them on , all you could hear was a faint static sound , compared to the Howard Leights I was wearing they were miserable . With my Howard Leights I could hear quite clearly the animals , insects , and our foot steps as we walked . STRIKE TWO . Lastly , the knobs came off several times just handling the things . STRIKE THREE - YOU 'RE OUT !!!! They are on the way back , and a pair of Howard Leights are on the way to my buddy . BOTTOM LINE the Peltor 6S are JUNK .
 Update 1/8/13 - Now having these for 2 1/2 years , I am downgrading this recommendation even more . It is incredibly frustrating that they can not do the basics such as having some kind of indicator showing when the device is on or off . Even without that , it should have a marking on the earphones indicating on/off . Lazy design , lazy engineering , lazy thinking . They really do n't deserve your hard-earned money!I rated these earphones as `` okay '' but not great . At the gun range , they definitely keep the sound down , but it 's the little things that it 's missing . For example :1 . It should have an LED indicator telling you if the earpiece is on or not . That 's annoying and can drain your batteries if you 're not careful , especially , since each ear turns on and off . In addition , it should at least give you an on/off indicator , even it it 's not an LED ! 2 . The overall hearing protector should have an adjustable head band . Not all head sizes are the same . I have an XL head and this barely covered my ears .3 . Installing the batteries is a major headache , that they should definitely make more user-friendly . I have a graduate degree and this thing took me 15 minutes to figure out.Bottom line , for the money , I expect more . Either pay more for a better model or go elsewhere .
 This is the third pair I have had . The first was wonderful , lasted 3 years and you could hear a fly at 50 feet . The second pair lasted about 8 months , and the audio was much less than the first . The right ear unit stopped working . Third pair is junk . The volume reduced after a couple of weeks and the right ear quit after 6 months . Buy the Howard Leigh . They are going on two years now .
 I almost never write reviews but I was so disappointed with these headphones that I had to say something . I am a long time Peltor owner - Tactical 7 's , etc. . When I went to buy another pair of Tactical 7 's I saw these and I was excited . I thought I found a product of Peltor quality for a fraction of the price of my Tactical 7 's . I ignored the negative reviews and bought them . I should n't have.If you are thinking that these are anything like the Tactical 7 's then you are compeltely wrong . These are very lightweight , flimsy and seem to be cheaply made . At the range , they seem to provide only a fraction of the hearing protection that the Tactical 7 's do and even less than the non-electronic Peltors that I own do . And the amplification also is n't close to what the Tactical 7 's provide . In fact , it seems to me that the amplifier in one `` ear '' of mine is n't working at all.Maybe if this is your first and only pair of amplified hearing protectors you would be satisfied , but I honestly doubt it . I threw mine in the trash . Maybe that 's wasteful , but I normally make good purchasing decisions and I hate going through the hassle of the paperwork and paying the postage to return things so it was easier for me to just throw these pieces of junk away .
 took 1 hour to get at battery compartment . My fingers were raw trying to get open without distroying . after getting open and insertingbatteries . Right side did not work . could not get back open to check without prying with screwdriver , so did not try with fear ofbrakeing plastic . Sending back and orderd the tactical 7s with a more pratical solution .
 First off , these amplify ALL sounds , so they are useless in a factory where there are constant noises echoing from a distance.When I walk on concrete , my FOOTSTEPS get isolated by these headphones , and the phones mute for almost a half second EVERY step . I cant even hear myself walk WITHOUT these on . They are hot and not exactly UNcomfortable , but you feel much better NOT wearing them.To top it off , I got it at the last GoldBox deal , and I was * NOT * sent the `` 7S '' model I paid $ 99.99 for . I was sent this 6S model that retails for exactly $ 79 on Amazon , and I didnt notice until 5 weeks later .
 Got the hearing protector and read the instructions to install the batteries . What a PITA to get apart . Installed the batteries on each side and the left side is fair but the right side does not work . I emailed the comapny and have not heard back . Save you money and get something else .
 I really like the Peltor hearing protectors and they work great . They fit better than some other brand that I have . However the one bad drawback to the design is that the batteries are very difficult to get into . One must pry off the ear pad then replace the batteries underneat . I can not do it with my fingers alone because the flange nearly cuts into my skin . I must use a screw driver . Surely there is a better design . I hate this about them . If one has arthritis , you ca n't do it . I have lost some muscle strength after taking statins for cholesterol and I can not do it with my fingers .
 I have had Peltor products before and was satisfied . However the 6S did not work properly from the beginning . One side was not functioning . Another complaint is the difficulty in removing batteries . Very poor design for opening the case . Would not recommend thase
 I tried these on at the store and they seemed great . I guess I should have read the reviews here more before buying them . I bought these to use for trap/clay shooting and was not very happy at all . # 1 they do not block the sound very well , # 2 there was a slight delay until they shut off loud sound , and when I turned them up I heard a faint hissing . Being used to foam earplugs , they felt & sounded a lot different . I could have gotten used to all the shortcomings if they fit better , meaning , when I mounted my shotgun they would hit on the stock . It was very distracting , even if I could have adjusted the fit or my mount slightly , it was too distracting to be worth dealing with . I didnt even shoot a full line , maybe 1 or 2 posts , max and took them off & sent them back . Thank goodness Amazon has an excellent return policy !
 One side worked and the other side got hot and one battery started to melt . I must say the company I got it from was great about returning the product . They paid for the return no excuses .
 Found a problem right off the bat
 I would rate these as disposable IF and a BIG IF they worked even reasonably well.They did nothing to `` SHUT OFF '' loud range noise and sound amplification was inferior and distorted.They barely worked as well as a non electronic muff.Packaging / use instructions poorly written . Battery access very difficult and disclaimer stated that the earmuff foam is only good for `` 6 months '' !!!! A total waste of time and money .
 Ok these things workbut I have had them amonth now and still can not find where to put battery ini would not buy againno support online anywhereI have another pair of electronic ear protectores that I Will look to buy a more ofnot these.And where and how do you put batteries in these ?????
 I bought this product because it 's so popular among shooters in various publications and on youtube . Big mistake . Just because it 's popular does n't it 's a `` must buy . '' I do n't wan na sound redundant , just read the other disappointing stories .
 Sound quality was on par with my $ 29 Caldwell units , and those run about the same size overall . having to run batteries in both sides a negative for me , especially when you have to work so hard to get each side open . i never got the one side installed at all , so label me only partially biased in sound quality.There are better options , and if they were n't on sale , it would be a shame to waste the money on them . Back to Amazon they go . Next guy gets 2 free batteries , I cant get the things out .
 These ear phones seem to work well , however after several hours Persperation collects and is trapped in the ear peaces resulting in static noise . I called tech support and she acknowledged that this was a problem and the recommended solution is to remove the ear cushions and let dry . The removal and reinstallation of the ear cushions is a real pain , not to mention drying parts laying around and unavailiablity of the device while drying . This probably will not be a problem for those using the Tactical 6-S for short periods , but , I tend to wear them for hours at a time and the moisure collection and condensation has been a problem on both hot and cold days .
 With the Peltor name attached , I assumed the Peltor 6S Electronic Earmuffs would be the best value for the dollar . WRONG ! Spoken voices were fine , but there was essentially NO ear protection from range fire - from the 9mm and 40 cal either side of me or even protetion from some of the gunfire as far as 150 feet away regardless of how I played with the adjustment ! I have a pair of cheapee muffs rated at NRR15 that I use for my home workshop and mowing the lawn that give better protection on the rifle and pistol range . The Peltors were returned immediately and I ordered a pair of Brownings - we 'll see if they 're any better.I am very impressed with Amazon 's return policy - fast , easy , no complications , and my charge account was credited within 48 hours of them receiving the returning Peltors . The replacement Brownings were ordered through Amazon without hesitation.If you ca n't make a pair of safe , useable and fully functional electronic ear muffs in the $ 60 - $ 90 range , get out of the business . No further Peltor product trials here , thank you .
 It works well as a respirator but the blue rubber part leaves a tacky material on your face , It feels like silicon on your face.I washed it several times but it continued to happen.I stopped using it because it felt gross on my face and I bought a unit from North that does n't melt on your face.I kept it in my truck for an emergency and it turned to a gel , I had to throw it out .
 I bought this MSA Safety Works respirator and a MSA Safety Works refill cartridge from Amazon.com on May 1 , 2011 . My 49-year-old daughter uses it occasionally when she works with me in my hobbyist home woodworking shop . For a short while , the respirator worked beautifully . It then broke across the bridge of the nose . I knew nothing of any warranty , so , she has just lived with it . I am very disappointed . I DO NOT recommend this product . No warranty , no sale . Buyer beware!As for me , I am old , so I just wear re-usable cloth masks . I bought them from a different seller . They work fine for me and I still have them . They did not break .
 Product worked well for me for awhile . I actually really liked using it.After a few months of general usage , the mask piece itself broke on me . One of the plastic clips which attached the straps to the mask snapped became unusable . I might have received a defective item , based on the other reviews for this product . But overall I am very dissatisfied with the quality of this piece of safety equipment . I 'm probably going to buy another mask unit , but not from MSA.-Valkyrie
 As others have commented , the construction quality of this mask is so cheap it 's unusable so we 're returning it . Even though it has n't even been used the `` padded '' headpiece is already coming apart and , as far as the flip-up mechanism goes , it does n't . Spend a few bucks more .
 At first I was surprised to find that the face shield was almost completely opaque . It turns out that there is a blue film on the scren that is very difficult to remove -LRB- it would 've been nice if the package said something about this film -RRB- . I 've now been using this for a couple weeks and it is pretty comfortable and effective . It 's even fairly comfortable when using it in combination with safety goggles .
 I wanted an inexpensive faceshield but this one was too cheap and did not adjust small enough for my head . It was quite uncomfortable and not worth even $ 15 .
 The item color is green not black like I needed and expected . It is not easy to see through the shield it looks very foggy and blurry . Seller mislead me with pictures and an invalid description . . would never do business again .
 The mask is fine and has done its job while I turn wood . It is difficult to put together and the headband is very hard to keep in place . Harbor Freight has better deals .
 I have yet to figure out how to open up the band so that I can actually put it on my head . The color of the plastic is also confusing . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 These glasses weigh A LOT ! They are constantly slipping down my nose when I look down to cut boards . If I put them up on my head -LRB- when not in use -RRB- for a few minutes , they immediately fall off when I bend down to pick something up . The arms do not fit snugly -LRB- and I have a BIG head ! -RRB- . The combination of being too heavy and not fitting snugly make this pair of glasses a BAD BUY ! Spend a few bucks more and get a better quality pair of glasses would be my recommendation .
 I was initially impressed with these glasses , as they were very comfortable both over the ears and on the bridge of my nose . The pivoting temples made it easier to adjust how they sat on my face and get the best fit . I work building and repairing composite wind turbine blades , and needed wrap around protection that could be comfortably worn all day long . The first day , was impressed ... and also threw them away . The lenses scratched so easily that they were difficult to see out of after cleaning only twice . I was extremely disappointed in how easily the lenses scratched , and will not buy anything from MSA again .
 My eyes may be more sensitive than some , but these glasses blur my vision and make me dizzy after extended wear .
 Not only did I have to wait a month to get the hose couplers they are really junk . First you had to buy a pack of ten then half had bad threads or striped threads . Some did n't even swivel.Buy cheap , get cheap .
 I wanted this knife as soon as I saw it online . It just seemed natural to have these tools clustered together in a small package . I have seen other items from Tool Logic and think their ideas are great . I was less excited , however , when I actually put my hands on the knife . Actually had I handled the knife prior to buying it I would not have purchased it . The handle was similar to other `` zytel '' - type slabs , the fire steel works as well as could be expected for one of the size , and the whistle is loud . My big issue with this knife is the flimsy feel and lock up of the blade itself . Since I feel having a tool to process wood for fuel and game for food is the most important , a blade this thin with a sort of sloppy lock up did not quite measure up . I think a slightly thicker spine on the blade and a more robust lock would make a better application of a really good idea .
 I found this on the ground while i was mountain biking . when i picked it up i thought it was a 3-4 dollar knife by amount the blade wiggles and the horrible locking of the blade . i cant even believe that people are paying close to 20 dollars for it . The whistle does n't work . Even being free i still find it difficult to carry around such a horrible knife . the only good thing i have to say is the flint thing , however it takes a solid 2 minutes to remove it from the knife . and its something you will NEVER need . i wouldnt pay 5 dollars for this thing . get a Leatherman e33L best knife for under 30 ! in my opinion
 It looks to be well made but I found it difficult to keep properly aligned.All dowel jigs I have used are to some degree , problematic.The drill bit did not cut well either.It does not inspire confidence .
 This is an abysmal piece of cast aluminum that does n't clamp straight , with drill stops that ca n't reasonably be squared to the bits themselves . It 's just awful.Please . Save yourself . Anything else that does this task has to be better .
 I just purchased this tool and could not be more disappointed . Not only does the turnscrew clamp not hold tight , allowing the jig to slip as you tighten it and while drilling , but the arrows used to center your hole are roughly 1/16 '' of off center . So if you drilled one hole and then reversed the jig to drill the corresponding hole , your boards will be off by 1/8 '' . The holes are visibly not in line for drilling right angles , either . I have no use for this tool .
 The centerline of the jig does not line up with the centerline of the hole . I returned the kit immediately seeing it was going to cause more problems than it was worth .
 Good luck using this garbage . How do you mass produce a dowel jig with it 's guides manufactured off center and unusable ? I 'd like to see what the General Tools T Square looks like . No inch would be the same length . Pointless . It would have been an useful product had they otherwise paid a little attention to this one , critical feature . Maybe it got botched in the manufacturing , who knows . Useless . Save yourself some time and look elsewhere . This thing just cost me a day or two .
 I bought one of these at HD , used it to put together a frame . The pointersare not in line with the drilling holes . No quality control . Would not recommend !
 I was in the process of upgrading my shop and wanted a jointer with longer beds than my 8 '' Grizzly . After reading the review -LRB- the only one at your site -RRB- I was sold . I received my jointer Dec. 29,2005 and could n't wait to get it set up , which I could never do . Powermatic actually authorized a local dealer to come to my shop and adjust it for me . After 3 hours and lots of frustration , we found that the outfeed table had a .006 bow , and the infeed table had an .008 bow , which the technician said was unacceptable and that was causing my problems . After they contacted Powermatic , they said that those tolerances are acceptable , and they would not do anything about it . Now I have a jointer that does not produce good glue joints . Also the fence had a bow in it . I am very disappointed and am looking into returning the Powermatic and returning to my Grizzly .
 I USED IT IN MY HALLWAY THINKING I COULD ZIP THROUGH THE EDGING JOB LIKE THEY DID ON QVC . NOT ... AS LONG AS YOU KEEP PAINT ON THE ROLLER YOU HAVE A CHANCE OF A STRAIGHT LINE BUT TOUCH THE PLASTIC WITH PAINT AND YOUR DEAD . I DONT USUALLY WRITE REVIEWS BUT QVC ` S PROMO SUCKED ME IN AND I DONT LIKE THAT.GET A SURLINE EDGER FROM LOWES FOR FIVE BUCKS AND YOU WILL GET THE SAME RESULTS . .
 unfortunatly I purchased this tool on June 17th and was so excited to try it out when I finally did it did not do what the reviews and demonstration claimed . Paint was all over my ceiling . so I tried it again just above the molding cause I thought I was doing something wrong , but again the paint went all over the top of the molding . I got so fustrated I just threw it in a box . Went to home depot and bought the flat edger which works just fine . I would love my money back but Im sure this is impossible . So disappointed.this is my reviewThanksTerrence
 1 . Let us me honest . SAVE YOUR MONEY and buy a cyclone .2 . Penn State Industries makes a great cyclone dust collect that is close in price . Buy it .2 . I purchase this over priced product from this website . The product was deliever and went to gather rather quickly -LRB- 45 min . one person with breaks -RRB- . Whet out and purchased better nuts and bolts then it came with.It is loud and bulky .3 . After some time I sold it to woodworking shop for as a dedicated machine for a table saw . Then I purchased a cyclone and never looked back .
 Based on the same design as a bi-metal hole saw with a high speed steel blade wrapped around a disk but in this case a metal hub . Very messy way to cut a hole and you are limited to one size hole which in the past covered 1 of the 4 common recessed ceiling light sizes but now covers 1 in 20 common sizes . Worse , the manufactures do n't provide the cutout size but print it on a template that is placed inside the box so until you get the light you have no way of knowing the hole cutout size needed.Much better solution is an adjustable hole cutter that will cut any size hole for any size can light whether it is a PAR light , LED , halogen , CFL , or tungsten one . Of the various adjustable hole cutters being sold there is one company , Hole Pro , that makes the very best . Twin blades , strong but light shield , blades for wood , plastic , veneer , and acoustic tile , and another tungsten carbide type that are excellent with drywall , plaster , and fiber cement board . The shield captures all the dust and can be used to control how deep you cut so only the 5/8 of sheetrock is cut and not anything else you really did not want to cut.Hole Pro X-230 Kit
 No way would the magnet latch hold if fully extended . I used an old ski pole propped against the handle and dug into the rug to seal the door closed . My opening is 36 '' and the door stretched to about 34 1/2 '' . So I covered the box it came in with fabric and screwed it to the wall to fill the gap . I thought the price was reasonable until I started working with the door . A plastic shower curtain would do as good a job . It 's made in Vietnam , but I do n't blame them , just an observation . It is just too expensive for something that a plastic curtain could do for 1/3 the price . Also it does n't look like it will last very long . So if your door is less than 36 '' wide and you want some place to play with duct tape in the near future , then this is your item .
 The accordion door came with the plastic around the magnet split and discolored . It seems that the vertical plastic part was intended to house a smaller magnet and that they ran out of the right sized ones and tried to make do by forcing a bigger magnet into too small a space . We hope they stopped doing that before they got any more reactions like ours . We are so disappointed with such a thing that we do n't want to bother to install it or even return it . Money lost ... we gave it 2 stars for the benefit of doubt . The similar door that we wanted to replace lasted over 20 years ; this one looks okay but if the splitting plastic is a clue as to how the rest would hold up
 This door is pretty cheap in cost and function . It looks pretty bad -LRB- fake -RRB- when it is set up . The magnet latch it pretty week especially since my 6lb cat is still able to make her way through it . I got it as a test though so I ca n't complain too much . If you are just trying to create a strictly visual barrier between rooms then it works well .
 Very good past experience with Gilmour , a impulse sprinkler I 've been using for years and great customer service including sending replacement parts for something I fully admitted to `` weedeating . `` Upon dropping and breaking my previous Gilmour I decided to get another and picked out this more accessorized version over the simpler , all-metal one . The plastic hose connector collar split , blowing the hose off the sprinkler before I could even get it to the grass . I was even using the quick connector that came with the sprinkler . Took this back and p/u the all-metal which is presently watering my yard.Quite concerned that this may be a move toward `` price-point '' products for Gilmour which would be a sad , sad development .
 Maybe if this sprinkler had a spike so you could keep it in the same place it would be useful.It took forever to get it set close to what I wanted -LRB- I have a huge and strangely-shaped oak in the middle of my yard , so I ca n't place the sprinkler there -RRB- and the second you move it , you really have to reset it all over again . The adjustments were n't fine enough for me either.And it 's not obvious how to adjust it . You raise and lower the red track , and the track * behind * the nozzle determines how far the water shoots in the opposite direction . The higher the track - the shorter the stream . Really * not * intuitive .
 I had high hopes for this sprinkler based on the reviews here , and it seemed great at first . The sprinkler is well designed , and the adjustable pattern really works well to fit any shaped yard . Unfortunately , the sprinkler has a serious flaw . Grass that is close to the sprinkler gets a much heavier amount of water than the grass on the perimeter . Using this sprinkler for several weeks in the hot summer left me with a circle of lush green lawn surrounded by brown and burned grass . I would n't recommend this sprinkler .
 This sprinkler does all that it states it is supposed to do . I enjoyed the fact that I could set the sprinkler to water the areas that I want and it did n't matter how the area was shaped . This sprinkler is made of a cheap plastic and it broke on the 5th use . So I 'm out the money and the item does not work .
 After the gradener breaking the first three of these sprinklers over the past two years. , this one quit working all on it own about a week after receiving it . The sprinkler head will not rotate when the water is turned on , when its off it turns freely , but as soon as the water is turned on it quits rotating . I think I find a less expensive more durable sprinkler to replace this last one .
 I would have paid over twice what it cost me to get a good , solid product instead of this piece of junk . This sprinkler broke after a week of use . The rotation stopped working - it would simply stick in one position and not kick back the other direction . I saw on the box that it had a lifetime guarantee , so I tried to contact the company and they simply ignored my requests . American made , American service , American junk .
 After first setting up this Gilmour sprinkler , I thought I 'd found the ultimate poor man 's answer to a custom yard irrigation system . It appeared to work great , distributed water only where necessary , and had long `` range '' . Two months later -- in the summer heat stretch -- I realized that this sprinkler has a gaping `` hole '' about 2/3 of the way toward the water 's endpoint . This area of grass was burning in the sun due to insufficient water . To verify this , I setup four identical low-rimmed cat food dishes in a straight line at five foot intervals from the sprinkler . After running it for thirty minutes , I measured the amount of water in each dish.Dish 1 -LRB- 5 feet out -RRB- -- 1/2inchDish 2 -LRB- 10 feet out -RRB- -- 3/8inchDish 3 -LRB- 15 feet out -RRB- -- 1/8inch * Dish 4 -LRB- 20 feet out -RRB- -- 1/2 inch * The area of unsightly `` burned '' grass was around Dish 3 . Because of this distribution issue , I can not recommend this otherwise brilliant sprinkler . I ended up replacing it with a Dramm oscillating sprinkler and it completely solved the problem.I also do not recommend owning four cats .
 I bought this to try to get my whole yard water , but I am not impressed with it . The 6 dollar sprinkler is what I just use now . Do n't waste your money with this .
 I had one of these Pattern Master Impulse units a few years ago and loved it . Bought a new one in March and it works great . Great concept for optimizing water use . Bought two more and they both were defective . The pulse was the same in both the clockwise and counter-clockwise rotations ... the short `` chatter '' pulse typical of the return rotation . Shortens the reach/throw and wastes water . I took them back to the retailer and exchanged for a third unit that performed the same way ... very badly ... except this one also sticks on a spot in the rotation or fails to rotate at all if the water pressure is above 30 psi .1 out of 4 worked properly ... not good.I contacted Gilmour by email and asked if there was a tension adjustment on the spring or some other remedy for this . Four days later got a reply that asked me to clarify the description of the problem -LRB- as clearly stated above -RRB- . Each subsequent email reply took two days minimum and they offered no solutions to the problem . My last contact from them was a terse ... `` there is no remedy for this '' . It has been 5 days and I have not received a response to my last question.Great idea poorly executed in an inferior product sold by an apparently unconcerned , unresponsive company . I am returning this last defective sprinkler and suggesting to the retailer that they not carry this or any other Gilmour product . I once was a fan ... but no longer . If you buy a Gilmour product , pray that it works and you do n't require assistance from the home office .
 Somebody please kick me if I ever buy another Gilmour pulsating type sprinkler . This sprinkler is relatively easy to set up , but it does not perform well for irrigular areas , contrary to what some have said . The worst thing about it , though , is that shortly after I stopped using it it stopped turning , rendering it useless.I have previously had four Gilmour Metal Zinc Sled Base Pulsating Head Sprinklers -LRB- Model
 I have bought several of these sprinklers and after a while they stopped turning round . I want to know what to do about this situation . -LSB- -LSB- Turbine Rotor Sprinkler With Metal Spike Base 200MMS -RSB- -RSB- Gilmour 999ZS Extra Large Coverage Sprinkler
 I bought this last week from a local retailer and I have to say that it looked good and did a very good job until the second use . I put it in the front yard and was watering the lawn with it set at about a 90 degree sweep and was working great for about an hour and then ... . it stopped returning back to do the sweep , it was stuck watering in one position . So I went out to see what happened , and took some time surveying the issue and found out that the trigger that makes it sweep back was not working . I flipped it back and forth and kept trying it and it would sweep to the right , flip the toggle switch and move to the left , and then stay in the last part of the sweep and would not sweep back to the right again . After playing with it for about 10 minutes with no luck on making work like it should , I returned it and got an all brass sprinkler . Oh ya ... . this thing is made of all cheap plastic , last time I buy another plastic sprinkler , which seems that this company is good for .
 We bought this sprinkler because we have an odd shaped yard and liked the feature of adjusting the range in any direction - great thought - but after using them for less than one season , they all started failing on us . As a lot of other people described , they stop rotating and freeze in one spot . Since we are using timers on our sprinklers , this leads to a very wet lawn and thus left us with a big mess . Bad product design . Do not waste your money .
 I 've been searching for a reliable sprinkler for years . As far as I 'm concerned , a sprinkler has to last 2-3 full seasons and it has to offer good distance and good left to right controls for those odd shaped parts of your lawn . That 's why I bought this sprinkler , and I 'm here to tell you it was a waste of money!I bought it a year and a half ago , and it work great , until 2 weeks ago . It just stopped rotating . I 'm good to my equipment , so it was n't because I 'm out there dropping or dragging my sprinkler . The darned thing just stopped working , so I took it back to the store and got it replaced , thanks to the `` lifetime gurantee '' . Lifetime , what a joke!I got a replacement , same make and model and took it home , and guess what , there very first time I used it , it stopped rotating !!!!!! This is not rocket science , I just hooked it up and set it down , and bingo , it stops rotating after just one left to right movement.If you see a Gilmour product , run !!! WASTE OF MONEY , TIME AND EFFORT !!!!
 This might be fantastically customizable , but since it lacks an accompanying manual or instructions , it 's just a big wet paperweight to me .
 Yet another sprinkler that breaks soon after opening the box . Avoid this one .
 I have not yet used this sprinkler . It comes without directions , I called the company , thinking , that 's not possible , but `` customer service '' said , `` Correct . No directions , just what 's written on the cardboard . '' And that 's useless . No directions online and the young woman at customer service seemed quite impatient with me . She said , `` Trial and error is the best way to do it . '' I swear she said that ! Well , we 'll see . How can I keep myself from getting soaked if I use her trial-and-error method ? This is no way to run a company or put out a product .
 The finish matches Delta 's oil rubbed bronze well , but the durability of the finish is poor . The finish along the trip lever immediately started to wear away after just a few open and close cycles . The PVC drain piping is thin walled PVC which does not work well when screwing in metal hardware , such as the brass waste drain and the overflow plate screws .
 Cheap Made-In-China crap . If only product engineers would actually try using their creations in the real world , we 'd be soooo much better off.The shackle is covered in a clear vinyl with square-shouldered ring seals at each end -LRB- see my photos -RRB- . The HUGE problem is that these ring seals slide all over the place when you try to apply this lock . If you 're a truck driver and looking for a weather proof trailer lock , THIS IS NOT IT !! Within 2 or 3 lock/unlock cycles you 'll have lost at least one of the ring seals as they get pulled off when you slide the shackle through the eyes of the latch hasps on your trailer.Any engineer with half a brain would have captivated the seals within the main body housing instead of cheaping out an slipping them like washers onto the shackle.If you want to lock something long-term , this item may meet your needs , but if need to apply & remove this lock more than once a month , you 're gon na want something way better .
 not so powerful for real work . special shaped sand papers are hard to get with relatively lower price .
 I purchased this hacksaw and was excited about it . The only thing at the time of purchase I was unsure about was the weight -LRB- 2.6 lbs -RRB- . I guess I 'll do a good ol' fashioned Pros and Cons list : Pros : - Comfortable grip . It does n't feel like it will slip when my hands get sweaty.-Plenty of room to grip while wearing gloves.-Sturdy , solid . No doubt it could take a licking and keep on kicking.-Quick tension release to change blades and tension . Do n't have to worry about spinning a little T knob till your hands ache.-Nice low profile design idea , especially to save space in your toolbox.Cons : - Heavy as compared to a simpler hacksaw -LRB- 1.5-1 .75 lbs -RRB- . - Poor blade storage design . Seems to only permit one extra blade . Only two magnets holding the blade to the saw -LRB- see picture -RRB- . Nothing to keep it from slipping out the top of the saw . Can not have an extra blade in storage if using Low Profile feature . -LRB- see picture -RRB- - Jab Saw seems a bit too much . Blade is too far away from handle to control it . Worried it would fold the blade too often -LRB- see picture -RRB- . - Can not use your hacksaw blade as your jab saw blade . Must be a saw-zall blade.Summary : While I originally purchased this item because of it 's innovative design and ideas -LRB- convertible to low-pro , blade storage , jab saw -RRB- , once I received the product I changed my mind . Since I carry my tools with me everywhere , I need something that will be light , but sturdy . I need something that will carry a few more blades since it may be a while before I get to the store . Plus , blade packs come with 5 or more blades . I need to be sure my extra blades wo n't fall out while in use OR in transit . And I need to be able to employ the features -LRB- Con # 2 -RRB- . This saw would be great if I kept it in my garage hanging up nice and neat and replaced it there after each use , but that 's not what I 'm looking for in my hacksaw . I will be returning it and shall resume shopping for the right hacksaw .
 This maybe suited best for arts and crafts projects with all its different attachment tips , but if you want to solder electrical parts , forget it . The soldering tip never gets hot enough for quality work . Better to spend the extra money and get a real soldering iron that works .
 I wanted to get a btter soldering iron to take care of a few loose ends . I saw this in my search and thought that I could use it for some crafts as well . On my first use a tip broke in the iron . I sent it out for repair and am waiting on a replacement .
 Ditto what the guy above said -- it does n't get hot enough to do good soldering jobs .
 I 'm not one to write reviews very often , but this was a bit over the top . I looked at customer reviews and some people said that this soldering iron is hot enough to melt solder . Maybe pure tin , or some other metal that has a low melting point , but not regular solder that is used in electronics.I have one of those laser/infrared thermometers where you can point it at something and get the temperature on the surface . In the past , this has proven to be extremely accurate . Anyhow , on the `` II '' setting of this soldering iron , the highest temperature I got on the tip was 278 degrees F. On the `` I '' setting , it was around 175 degrees . So it just-missed the advertised temperatures of 900 and 500 degrees , respectively . So close !! If you use regular 60/40 solder , this means that if you put the solder right on the tip for around 5 seconds , it will start to melt . But this also means that there is no way that you could heat up a wire , so that the wire melts the solder -LRB- to avoid a `` cold joint '' -RRB- . In other words , it 's physically impossible to make a proper solder joint with this device.Point is , this may be useful for crafts , but for soldering electronics , this simply does n't work . The soldering iron , the base , and the `` extra hands '' are all pretty solidly built - it 's just a shame that this soldering iron simply does n't do what it advertises . By the way , I kept the `` extra hands '' part of the base , but bought a $ 14.99 Weller which works like charm !
 This looked like a great tool for our purposes
 Mine arrived half empty and I think that it is a little much to pay for an empty can . However , the can is still a functional one and I was able to pay another $ 20 to get it filled up . Also , I can reuse this one so that is nice .
 It looks the same , but it is n't . My old tool , that someone borrowed and did not care to return , was much sturdier . This one , although it looks exactly the same , is of flimsy nature . One has to use it very carefully , so the handle does not break at the point where it joins the blade . Very thin , very delicate tubing bends as easily as an overcooked noodle . I know I will not find a similar tool made with quality at home . This one , of course , is made in China . But I will redouble my efforts to find out who borrowed the old one from me , and I will GET IT BACK . When I do get it back , this new purchase will go to the scrap yard .
 The blade is made of thin tin that bends and breaks easily . If you have recently painted or mildly painted shut windows , this tool will work great . If your windows are really painted shut , the tin blade will bend and break . Basically , the price is a good indication of the quality .
 I used a recip saw -LRB- sawzall -RRB- for hours every day at my last job to cut through 2 '' diameter copper cables . We had the basic cheapie model Dewalt at first and that thing was a good saw , worked well for over a year and a half before it finally burnt up , so we upgraded to the 12 amp HD model , this saw was a beast , cut through the cables like a hot knife through butter but unfortunately only lasted about 4 days before it was inoperable . Dewalt makes some really good tools and they also put out a lot of junk , seems there quality control is n't what it should be . If you 're in the market for a recip saw I would highly recommend another brand , my personal saw is a Makita that I 've had for around 10 yrs and still works just as well as the day I bought it , if I had to buy another it would definitely be a Makita , Bosch or the original Milwaukee Sawzall .
 Used these to break some bolts loose on my car , they broke . Certainly not `` impact '' worthy , maybe just for basic wrenching but that is all .
 As another reviews said . These are good for household use . I used them with a ratched to remove my wheels lug nuts and the 1/2 '' to 3/8 '' adapter broke trying to get the first one undone !! I could n't find any note about a warranty either so these def fail !
 I 'm tiling my bathroom and thought this would be helpful . The drill bit is very cheap metal would n't make the least dent in the tile I was using . In fact , I flattened the end of the drill bit trying . And the saw blade would n't cut the tile either . Maybe it needs ... what ... softer tile ? Good grief - this is just junk .
 We were not even able to assemble properly because the holes did not align for the screws . The box arrived poorly taped and every piece was dirty . Do n't waste your time and money !
 Had trouble assembling the product out of the box . Then realized they packed two left upper arms and two left legs so there was no way to get it to work . After we had the right pieces it was still hard to get it together . After assembly it 's not very straight and we need to prop it up . Would n't get this again .
 First let me say Amazon was very good with the problems with this unit . The first one came with two of the same arm . Amazon sent a new one and the second had a broken basket . Between the two I was able to put one together.The unit itself is just okay . The wire rack on the bottom is flimsy and will surely break if used as a bike rack . A plain plastic shelving unit would probably work better .
 I find this to be unlike other Racor products I own . It is not well designed , and pretty flimsy and does not hold as much as I would have thought .
 Read the other reviews about poor quality , I wish I had . Poorly designed . Bolt holes do n't line up and the bottom rack will require some ingenuity to get it together . Does n't say where it was made but my guess is in China .
 I like the concept , but the product itself was very poor quality . It was very difficult to assemble . The holes in the tubing did not line up and we had to drill new holes to assemble the product . I can tell that it will probably only last this summer , then will end up in a landfill somewhere . I would n't recommend this product .
 Like some of the previous reviewers wrote . Half of the holes did not line up to bolt together . On top of that it was missing the second set of arms . I called and they sent it right out but just something else that did n't work right .
 This product is a great idea with a bad final design . The holes are not aligned . Attaching the racks to the standing bars is impossible . I chose a few to align with the screws and used heavy duty zip ties for the misaligned holes . The zip tie bends to accommodate for the lack of alignment . I called Racor and they sent a new X-Rack free of charge . Unfortunately , the new one did not align , either . Do not purchase this unless you can drill holes through metal , have zip ties at home , or feel like having a product that does not assemble as it should .
 What a disappointment . I have never had a problem putting things together , even if directions were lousy photo copies.None of the holes lined up properly , could have used some washers . When it was finally completed , was worried it was going to fall over as it was wiggling side to side . Do yourself a favor and move along . Dont say I didnt warn you . Ca n't believe I wasted so much time on this thing , then have to repackage it for a return . The picture may look great , but be warned.FLIMSY !!! Buyer beware . Arrrgghhh !!!
 Materials and finish are good quality . However , the experience was ruined by poor workmanship . The holes simply do not line up on the parts in order to assemble it properly . The holes are so far off that it is necessary to redrill some of them in order to actually put this together . Lot of work . Company offered to replace it , but it 's too much work to disassemble it , repackage everything , and wait for a new one . And the next one may be the same , anyway . Since I imagine these are manufactured using a jig or fixture , it looks like there was a bad setup at the factory and would then result in many units manufactured this way .
 Tried cutting an 1/8 '' steel wire/cable , but the head was damaged a little . But that 's what you get for $ 10 .
 This is a flimsy piece of junk , not worthy of hanging your bike shorts , let alone an actual bike . I puchased three of these things and had the same experience with all three , so I am fairly confident I did n't just get a lemon . Here are the specific problems : If any lateral pressure is applied to the arms , they can easily snap off . Since these were mounted in my garage , there were many times when this happened as I tried to pass between my car and the bike rack and brushed against one of the arms.If any downward pressure is applied to the arms , especially with a bike stored in place , the arms can easily snap off . This happened after my 7 year old leaned her bike against one of the hanging bikes.The hardware -LRB- screws -RRB- sent to assemble the unit are pathetic . They actually included sheetrock screws as the mechanism to affix the arms to the base . These snapped on day one.I upgraded the hardware , re-glued the arm to the base and had high hopes . Unfortunately the arms are so small and spindly that the oak cracked the first time I inadvertently applied lateral pressure -LRB- see above -RRB- . Crash .
 This wood bike rack does definitely does NOT `` hold up '' to its competitors . Not only did I hang an extremely expensive bike , the bike itself is incredibly light weight - so I thought it could hang properly on the wall via this wood unit . Within a day the whole thing ripped apart and came crashing down . Other bike racks I have purchased and are currently using are doing the job just fine ! This unti is obviously NOT engineered properly , and most importantly NOT safe.I also had to PAY out of pocket for the amazon return.Net Net ... DO n't Gear UP !
 Unfortunately my light does still not work after replacing the bulb . Now I do n't know if that is a faulty bulb or something wrong with the light itself .
 I got a flourescent light in an 14 volt combo kit and thought it would be a good addition to my tool collection . It worked great for a couple days but then just stopped . I thought it was the bulb so I bought this to fix it . It did n't help , I just wasted more money . I think you would be much better off buying a LED light instead . They are alot more rugged and more suited for work .
 1/4 '' broke the first day . The mechanism is substandard and typical of these Chinese Knock off tools . The 3/8 '' is still working but I am unsure for how long .
 WOW - being a professional cabinetmaker for the pasts 30 years I have collected a lot of tools and machinery to help me in producing my cabinetry . I like a new machine when i can get it and some older machines are great too if they have not been missused . I bought this powermatic 27S for a great price and when I received it it was missing the miter slot . The ad showed one and in the specs it listed with or without a miter slot . well let me tell you it has to be one or the other not both . I wanted this USA made machine because so much of the new stuff is junk and hard to get parts . well this was dissapointing to and trying to get powermatic or amazon to correct this HAS TAKEN ME OVER A MONTH . good luck ? you would be better off going to a wood machinery dealer . I 'M STILL WAITNG FOR A NEW TOP WITH THE MITER SLOT THE OTHER TOP WAS POOR QUALITY !
 All the info at Amazon calls the SA220 a 15 amp timer , no exclusions that I could see online . However , when the timer arrived , info on the timer states that for tungsten/incandescent use , it is only rated at 5 amps . This makes it a lot less useful . It is also a pain to program , the claim is you just set the area code and go . This is not true , you also have to set the day , month , year , and time . The batteries in the unit were nearly dead also and of course they are not standard size batteries . You are better off getting a cheaper , photocell digital timer for holiday lighting , there are some rated 10 amps tungsten/incandescent .
 Set timer , plugged item in , I saw the Icon change at the appropriate time , but no power to the outlets . It Simply Does n't work .
 I put this on my wishlist and received it as a present.It has NEVER lit up . Not once . Not ever . Planted in full sunlight for over 6 months now . No light . Not once . Not ever .
 I 'm guessing it 's a faulty design , because it did n't light up even though we gave it lots of time in the sun .
 This exact surge protector almost caused a fire . It did save my computer after a power surge outside , but it fried the unit and created burn marks on my hardwood floor . I was home when it happened . It made a loud zapping noise and the entire upstairs smelled like an electrical fire . I would never buy this product . My electrician asked me how much I paid for the surge protector ... he said it looked so cheap , so we are looking into getting a whole house surge protector for about $ 90.00 for the part and about 2 hours of labor ... worth it . I will never go cheapo on a surge protector again .
 Two days ago PG&E ; installed a new drop line to my apartment complex but left a loose connection that caused power surges in my building . I had three power strips -LRB- purchased after my $ 1000 Sony tv fell victim to a power surge two years ago -RRB- . I had two Monster HTS700 surge protectors and a Belkin surge protector , exactly like this model only about two years older.When I came home from work , my apartment smelled like a chemical factory and still does . I had my two tvs and dvd players plugged into the Monster products and my modem and router plugged into the Belkin . The Monster products were dead but my $ 3000 in electronics were fine.The Belkin product had caught on FIRE and if it was n't for the fire retardant carpet , my whole building could have burned down including my two cute kitties . Funny enough it did protect the two electronics but I would have preferred that had died rather than having a two feet patch of burned carpet in my living room.Thought I should share my experience - I 'm only purchasing the monster products from now on .
 Bought them for my honeymoon . They are comfortable ! However the strap that goes between the toes came loose and then broke apart . I was running while wearing them , but still disappointed that they fell apart this quickly . Wore them about twice a week for a year . Also the soles started to show cracks and creases several months in .
 I got these sandals after trying them on at a store and talking to my wife about hers . She bought her reefs about 6 years ago and they 're still comfortable and supportive . I bought 2 pairs of these sandals as they were my every footwear for almost everyday of college . Unfortunately it seems as if the Reef quality has been declining . After buying these sandals I noticed how nice they felt and how nice the leather was . There was a break in period , normal for any sandal , especially leather . Within 3 months , however , the leather layer on the plantar surface of both sandals began to peel up from the layer beneath it . Eventually , the leather had pulled away from the front of the sandals so much that the sandal would droop down and catch the ground when walking , making it easy to trip on stairs or curbs . Also , if you ever get these sandals wet , like stepping into a puddle that gets the leather wet AT ALL , it will pull away from the sandal upon drying . Within 5 months these sandals were n't at all what they should have been , much less 6 years . The current quality is definitely not worth the money . Since then I 've tried Rainbows . I 've had them for 2 years . Quality is much , much better .
 What can I say ? This box held shoes for two right feet.And the surface of the shoe is a soft brown - looks like a coating that will rub off on the soles of my feet .
 After about two months of normal use , the leather upper began to separate from the man-made sole . This happened on both sandals , and I 'm disappointed because previous Reef products I have owned lasted several years .
 Normally love Reef sandals and have had great luck with the last 3 pairs purchased locally . This was the first pair purchased from Amazon and after 1 month the sole started to separate - nothing abnormal in the wear . Be careful .
 I have owned Reef flip flops for 8 + years . I was due for a new pair and naturally wanted to replace them with the same sandal . I ordered 1 pair . They were poorly constructed . The leather sole was not glued down and kept bubbling up in different locations . I ended up ordering a replacement . They arrrived and were even worse . Replaced with 2 extra pair ... all with the same issue . Really dissappointed with the quality of their product . I kept one pair b/c the were inexpensive and I was in a pinch -LRB- ended up having to crazy glue the leather down to temporarily fix -RRB- , but will be looking to a different brand moving forward !
 Bought these for my honeymoon . They are comfortable and fit fine ... however my feet are now black after wearing them wet . I 'm assuming this will not continue after a few uses . I 'm just hoping they did n't use any toxic chemicals in production ...
 Dreadful , dreadful , dreadful ! I bought these because I was led to believe they were the ` Gold Standard ' in flip-flops . The sole started to come away from the uppers within four wearings on the shoe . Buy some other make and forget the hype about this piece of ` shoe ' !
 I received this product as promised . Did n't wear them or notice that they were two different colors until a couple of weeks after I received them . My daughter pointed out that they were two different colors while on vacation . I realize that with this type of leather you will have some variations however , one is really brown and the other tan . Not happy and too late to return .
 I ordered the brown color expecting a light brown leather sandal . I received a mud brown , almost maroon swede sandal that looked awful . The tag matched the style and color here , so I am not sure what the deal is .
 Hate to be the bearer of bad news , but the leather peels up away from the soul at both the toes and heels after only a few weeks of use . I 'm going to have to shoe goo these bad boys and hope for the best .
 within 2 months of wearing them , the glue that holds the leather top to the sandle wore down and it 's not too late to exchange them ... better off buying rainbows
 This hoist has good pulling power but when it starts pulling a load it pulls the spool in a downward motion and the cable all winds on the down side and soon builds up and contacts the auto shut off lever and shuts it down . I have tried to change the position that it is hooked on top to achieve the proper balance but that did n't help . It is pretty much usless if you have to lift over a foot or two .
 Power Tap connectors were included in four Amertac products -LRB- 20 watt Xenon accents lights -RRB- that I purchased , and not one of them worked . You can buy alternative connectors to use in place of the Power Tap connectors . If you do n't believe me , buy the product , but before screwing to the wall/cabinet/whatever , connect and plug into an outlet . Bingo -- they do n't work !
 Of the three drills I 've owned , these batteries are the worst batteries in terms of product life.They lasted about a year . I stored them in a cool dry place , did n't use them much , but after one year they are dead and it 's almost as cheap to buy a new drill as it is to replace both batteries.Why buy a portable drill for upwards of $ 150 or $ 200 if it 's only going to last one year and then you have to spend $ 150 to replace the batteries ?
 This item is being displayed along with some of Black & Decker chordless screwdrivers . The screw driver bits work fine , but the drill bits do not fit the PD600 chordless screwdriver at all . Purchased another brand of drill bit & screwdriver bits that have the proper fitting ends for the electric screwdriver chuck .
 I bought a cordless Black & Decker screwdriver/drill combination . Correctly assuming that there would be little selection of bits included , I looked to the section of Amazon.com that tells you what other consumers purchased with the screwdriver/drill . This set was shown , so I purchased it to fit my new screwdriver/drill . Unfortunately , the screwdriver/drill was a `` quick connect '' model and the bits did n't fit properly . I found the correct bits at a store near home . The `` quick connect '' feature should be part of the description so matching additional bits would be easier .
 By definition a `` set '' means that they go together . Well the bits do n't fit this drill ! Bad ! Do n't get it . The drill itself is nice , but try to find the right set .
 You have to be really good at guessing when to release the button -- or you will over-tighten and/or damage the screw you are driving.Imagine driving a car with a stick shift and ONLY 3rd and Reverse gears.Everything else about the unit is well-designed , too bad.Wish I had read the web page more carefully before ordering .
 I did not expect a lot for $ 10 but I thought it would last more than a week . After the 1st week the light switch started shorting out and the next week it fell apart completely . You get what you pay for and it is not a lot in this case .
 It is 20 degrees outside , I replace the bucket , feed the horses and fill the new bucket . The buck leaks . Now I have to let it leak 5 gals of water that will freeze on the flooring then I have to see if I can fix a new $ 45 bucket . Not pleased with this at all .
 I am very disappointed with this heated water bucket why ? I plugged it in and it did not work . I used another outlet and it still did not work . Needless to say the water froze while I was at work and my dog went without water most of the day . I had thrown the box and invoice in the trash which means I can not send it back for a refund ... waste of hard earned money . Suggest Farm Innovators test product before shipping .
 How about they tried to ship this to me four , yes four , times and it came broken every time . I finally gave up on the idea of a conveniently delivered item and purchased the same item from Ace Hardware . Reasonably attractive and easy to install , you save money on the extra stuff you need -LRB- wax ring , bolts , etc. -RRB- that come with this package.The performance of the 1.6 gallon flush is disappointing . The toilet fails to clear itself , even under reasonable demand , about 50 % of the time . Keep a plunger handy.If I had it to do over again , I 'd recommend researching toilets first and ordering one that is reported to flush effectively . Also , do that and then check Craig 's List for your area . Toilets are fairly often offered there for free or for good prices . A little more trouble , but you may well save yourself some money.As for ordering it here , I ca n't recommend that . True , roads are bumpy where I live , but the packaging was insufficient . Good luck to you .
 I purchased this based on previous ratings and was disappointed after getting the item . It came poorly shipped , not properly wrapped . The glass was broken in various places and the metal was not welded properly in all places , on top of that the glass did n't fit properly into the metal sections , so even if it were packed right , it would still be worthless , very poor cheap product . Gave it 1 star , because I coud n't post this without doing so , but does n't deserve a rating at all .
 These nails were of very poor quality . The galvanize was ok . The ring shank was almost nonexistant . Many of the nails were totally smooth . The others had marks where the rings belonged but were nothing more than a small dent in the nail . If I purchased the nails locally I would have returned them .
 The lamp does n't look like the photo based on which I ordered two each . The lamp casts a very dark ugly light . I had to return them . I guess this is the problem with ordering lamps sight-unseen . Other buyers have said the same thing . So , I should have read the feedback .
 Hardly reflective and WAY too expensive for the amount in the package . I was disappointed with this 3M product . Generally they are excellent .
 This tape really does n't do much . I have a recumbent bike with a length of PVC piping on the back that I put lights on . I put some of this tape on the PVC piping and it is darker than the pipe . It would seem to work better on a dark surface were you do n't need a lot of light reflected . It does stick well .
 I spent a lot of time reviewing reflective tapes and thought this was the best one . On the contrary , this product was a complete waste of money . It has no reflective qualities at all . I applied several strips to my dog 's collar and my sneakers in order to add an element of safety to our night time walks , but no such luck . I will not be ordering this tape again .
 no need to review -- I would not buy again -- no need to review -- I would not buy again ... I guess I will just repeat myself
 I bought this to apply to kids helmets and bikes for our night bike rides to look at the Christmas lights . The tape is terrible . It does not reflect at all and you ca n't even tell where I put it on the bikes ! I thought perhaps it &#34; reflected &#34; better to cars/headlights so I had kids/hubby ride in front of our parked vehicle with headlight on . NOTHING . JUNK . Do not buy this for reflective gear for your bike - it is NO GOOD . Wish I could return it but it 's already cut and on the bike/helmets . Save your money on this and buy blinking lights or spoke lights -LRB- which is what we did -RRB- to help make your bike more visible in the dark .
 This tape worked great for about a month , then it just started to peel off . In about 2 more weeks it just feel right off . This tape has tobe old or something . It 's not worth penny !
 RECEIVED KIT THAT CAN BE PURCHASED FOR HALF OF WHAT I PAID . NO FERRULS ON BRAZINGTIPS , BLOW MOLD KIT BOX SUBSTANDARD .
 Do not buy this saw!I 've owned the 64A for about five years and I finally figured out why it made such horrible cuts . The blade carriage is so flexible that it can not hold the blade parallel to the miter slots . Tilting the blade to 45deg puts enough torque on the assembly that it goes way out of whack in the tilted position and stays out of whack when it is returned to 90deg . I 've gotten into the habit of checking the blade for parallel with a dial indicator just ablout daily . Pulling or pushing on the splitter bar -LRB- which is attached to the carriage -RRB- easily tweaks it back into true after a few tries.I communicated via e-mail with Powermatic tech support and they sent an adjustment procedure that shows how to set the two main rails of the carraige assembly to be parallel and lock them down . Trouble is , regardless of how tight the lock nuts are made the rails can still rotate in their holes and take the carriage out of true . When I informed Powermatic of this they suggested I take it to a service center . The service center obviously will not be able to fix this because it is a design flaw . Powermatic does not have a redesigned carriage for this saw . They also would not honor any knid of workmanship guarentee.I 've designed a fix for this and am testing it . I 'd be glad to share it with other dissatisfied 64A owners once I know it works .
 The only item that I have EVER ordered through Amazon that was not double boxed . They just put postage on the flimsy box and mailed . The unit arrived in 100 + parts . I urge anyone not to order from this shipper . They wanted me to ship the pieces back to them at my cost . Not worth my time !!
 For yrs I had one of the old stud finders that just consisted of small magnets that swung back and forth as you passed over a nail or screw head . Crude , and `` hit or miss '' , but it was cheap , often worked at finding a stud , and did n't make me curse . Then I bought this cheap Zircon and I became a cursing expert . Thanks Zircon for expanding my vocabulary ! The problems
 I bought this because I had read the positive reviews and thought I would try it out despite the cheap price , which made me wonder about its quality . I have to admit , the product did work well at first . But after using it just one time , it no longer functions properly!It still alerts me to `` studs '' in the wall , but they are surprisingly never in the same location on the wall twice . I tried it 10 times and had 10 different marks in different locations on my wall . Do n't buy the product , but just put the money to getting a nicer product .
 It works OK to find the studs . I had the WORST time getting the back off to insert the batteries . I had to ask a neighbor to help . He was unsuccessful . I eventually pried the back off by wedging a knife in there -LRB- I would n't recommend it -RRB- . At that point , I figured that I might ruin it completely ... luckily , it worked . You might put a little more money in and get something different , however .
 the item does not look like an oil bronzed . There is a uneven brown paint with some yellow spots and scratches . It is a very low quality item , not worth $ 94 . You will very disappointed ! I would not recommend this item .
 The plastic cover of this wall outlet is a piece of junk . It 's so hard to make this plastic piece flush to the wall with the rubber gasket it comes with . Do n't waste your money on a piece of junk like this . All the other items I have bought from Hansgrohe were very good so I do n't know how they could design something like this . Why ca n't they make this piece metal & screw directly onto the nipple on the wall . Can somebody tell me where I can purchase a good wall outlet that is not made of plastic & comes in brused nickle ?
 Ordered one of these units . Worked ok for a very short period of time . Sent back for a replacement , 2nd unit not working right out of the box .
 I purchased this grinder from a local store . When I received it , not only was the light crushed from manufacturing -LRB- NOT shipping , based on the packaging condition -RRB- , but the wheels shimmied from side to side over 1/8 '' of an inch . I took it back to the store who immediate ordered a new one for me . When I got the second one , the motor makes a bad noise , though the grinding wheels are somewhat better than than the first - but not good . I 'm taking it back today and ask for my money back.I thought I was purchasing a very good quality product in buying a Delta . Unfortunately Delta 's quality is lousy . To compare , I have also purchased a Ryobi 8 '' grinder at Home Depot . It runs quietly , reliably and the wheels are very true . To bad they do n't make a slow speed grinder . I 'd buy it -LRB- or anything else -RRB- over the Delta .
 I have had a similar experience with delays . I ordered this on Febuary 10 and to-date have had Amazon change the delivery estimates 4 times ... the current delivery estimate is between June 5 - 20th . When I ordered it was $ 175 . I am monitoring the price while I wait and at one point it dropped to $ 166.25 so I fired off an email and Amozon extended that price to me . So far that has been the highlight of this whole ordeal . I intend to wait them out ... somehow I suspect sometime before June 5th I will get another email from Amozon informing me of yet another delay -LRB- which would be the 5th -RRB- . The thought has crossed my mind that Amazon may have known all along that they were not getting a shipment of these grinders in until the 3rd or 4th quarter of this year and are just trying to pre-sell the lot.Wow ... The last update Amazon estimated shipping was Nov. 11th . Today is August 9th , 2007 and I just got an email from Amazon that the grinder has shipped ... . I odered the thing on Feb 10th of this year ... almost 6 months to the day !! I wanted this grinder and attempted to order it from a different supplier for only $ 13 more ... . but alas they too backordered the thing ... . giving me first an estimated delivery date at the end of July and then one sometime in Sept. . I let it be a race between Amazon and the new guy and Amazon won ... . I sent an email tonight to cancel the other order . I will update this post after I use it for a while to actually give a review of the product and not the debacle that was the order experience .
 As the previous reviewers have observed , I ordered this item on April 1 , 2007 and the April Fool 's joke was on me . They are now claiming a November delivery date for the $ 166 price including shipping . I just bought a Dayton industrial grinder off of Ebay for about the same price so as soon as that one arrives I will be canceling . Amazon refused to do anything and Delta 's site question service just said they did n't have these in stock yet Amazon is still taking orders via one of their allied vendors . Shame on all of them.Update , 23 Aug. . Now I am convinced that Amazon gave a really late ship date to get people to cancel so they would n't have to honor the $ 166 price instead if getting $ 250 + . Had they told me it would be August , I would have waited . Even more shame on Amazon & Delta .
 I had this grinder on order for approximately 6 weeks at a price of $ 175 . During that time Amazon notified me that delivery was rescheduled to a later date about 4 times . Each time there was no assurance that there would not be further delays . I finally got frustrated and cancelled the order . I came back and looked at bench grinders again and what do you know ! The price had increased $ 40 . I suspect that the grinder will be available at the new price without delay . If I use Amazon for tool purchases in the future , I will use shipping delays as an indication of pending price increases .
 I too was looking for a better quality grinder than the `` cheapy '' at Woodcraft , but not in the price range of a Baldor . The Delta 23-725 seemed like just the ticket . My version of this grinder , however , was n't even made in Taiwan ; the nameplate says `` Made in China '' , so there may be two versions of it out there . It also has an 80 grit -LRB- as opposed to 60 reported earlier -RRB- gray wheel and a 120 grit white wheel . At first look and feel , it looked very good ; I was impressed . Bushings on the wheels were metal -LRB- not plastic -RRB- , but both wheels were very out of round -- ended up taking off a lot to get them trued up . White wheel chipped badly on edges even using a very fine diamond wheel dresser . Both not uncommon problems on wheels provided with inexpensive grinders and I had expected to replace the wheels anyway . Biggest problem though , after three days of moderate use -LRB- about 1-2 hours per day -RRB- it refused to start unless given a boost by hand . Probably just a start capacitor , but a pain nevertheless . I 'd given up on Delta about three years ago due to quality and customer service problems ; -LRB- glad I 'm dealing with Amzon on this rather than Delta -RRB- does n't look like the quality issue has improved .
 I purchased this even with some marginal reviews because of the Delta name . I owned Delta woodworking equipment in the past and found it to be of good quality . However this product is a major disappointment . It arrived with the stem of the light switch broken , and the wheel attachment nut rubbing on the housing . I have to completely disassemble it to correct the problem . I guess that 's the quality of `` Made in China '' . After using it for a month the on/off switch jams . I called and wrote Delta for some replacement parts . So far no reply . It seems that they are improving shareholder value at the cost of customers . No more Delta iron for me .
 Although this toilet seat looks good , the hardware holding it on is very cheap . In less than 2 months one of the hinges has broken -LRB- as in the metal actually snapped in two ! -RRB- and the plastic pads on the underside of the lid are both cracked . Yes , I sit on the toilet when my kids take their bath , but I only weigh 110 lbs . so I do n't think this is excessive weight for a toilet lid ! I am extremely disappointed in this product and am in the process of trying to figure out how to get it replaced . I may have received a lemon , but I would not recommend that anyone buy this product !
 Yes , the steel base is fairly well made and solid , but I ca n't give the entire product more than 2 stars.The three issues I have with this unit are : * The wheels are really cheap . I expect I 'll be changing them out before long . * The brakes for the wheels are very poor engineering . Yes they work , but come on is this the best the POWERMATIC engineering staff can come up with ? In this instance I am using the term engineering loosely ! * The price charged for this item is out of line with the quality of the materials and quality of the manufacturing . This item is more along the lines of a HF unit selling for $ 29.99 . To my fellow rater , `` No it is n't you . One expects a level of quality above the rest when they purchase a POWERMATIC product , unfortunately for the consumer POWERMATIC did not deliver that with this product ! `` Yes , it could be better , but it 's not and because it 's POWERMATIC it should be better !
 You really can recharge it by shaking it -- a great idea -- but the light is very weak .
 Hands down one of the worst flashlights I have ever used . I saw two of these in a thrift store the first did n't work after shaking it for 20 seconds , the second one worked but the place was bright so I could n't tell how strong the light was . I took it home and tried it out when it was darker out . The beam is a lot more weak than ever expected . After shaking it for 5 seconds it gave 5 seconds of light , after 20 seconds it got kinda bright but then dyed down to tiny little circle that as big as the size of a baseball that can barely shine past 5 feet . I have one of these types of flashlight from when they first came out , they were made so well that when I went looking for it after testing this flashlight it turned on right away , I did n't even need to shake it . I 'm not going to donate it back to another thrift store , just throw it in the trash so no one else has to suffer thru this . If you see this thing either keep walking or break it down for it 's parts . If I could give it no stars I would .
 Forgot we had purchased this . Glad Amazon asked me to review . This piece of junk fell apart w/in 6 months . What a waste !
 I too am a professional carpenter and woodworker , and look closely at a tool before I buy it . The Metabo is well designed , comfortable to use , and was recommended by my trusty , local repair shop . That said , my sander is now in that repair shop , after very little use . The problem is with the dual sanding control . This sander is capable of sanding in either a finer and gentler mode , or in a faster but rougher mode . Switching from one to the other is simple . You just depress a button on the side of the tool and revolve the disc in reverse direction until it `` clicks '' . Then you 're ready to go . Unless the little button sticks in the depressed position , which will lock up the tool rendering it useless . That is what happened to me , after very few hours and with careful use . Maybe this is just a fluke , but I 'll be more reluctant to buy other Metabo tools .
 This is far from being ready to use as stated above . I did n't expect it to be perfect as received , but I did expect it to be a whole lot closer than it is . In addition , the cutting edge has a chip which is deep enough to cause a lot of work on my part to bring it back to a straight edge .
 Do n't buy LRPRO-1000 Linkrunner Pro Network Multimeter.The older version device called Fluke Networks NT-PRO Network Cable Tester work much better and fast.In the same environment . Linkrunner Pro took 5 mins to locate switchport information compare to NT-PRO it took 30 sec.The only drawback from NT-PRO was it did n't support Gig connection.The following tools good but expensive.NetTool -LRB- tm -RRB- Series II Inline Network Tester
 Very disappointed in this product . Purchased to use on a camping trip for both light and heat , since I 'd read about how warm they get . The more fool I ! Long story short , there 's a WHOLE lot of fine print they do n't tell you about up front
 About half of these Sylvania bulbs burned out the instant they were screwed in . The remainder did n't even come close to lasting as specified here on Amazon . Avoid at all costs .
 My mistake is not reading and rereading the description - I thought I was getting 100 Wattincandescent light bulbs . These are not the same .
 These are not designed for 120 volts as we have in the US . The box has prominent disclosure -LRB- which is no where on the website description -RRB- that they are designed for 130 volts and if used at 120 volts only give off 1290 lumens as opposed to 1700 -LRB- 25 % less light for the same number of watts -RRB- .
 These break about once a week . This is the worst light bulb in the history of civilization.When the last one goes , it 's back to government bulbs .
 I just wanted to correct a couple of things with this post . First of all , incandescent bulbs are n't banned , but they are being phased out . The United States is one of the last countries to do so . Brazil started in 2005 , and Europe in 2009 . The U.S. wo n't phase out incandescents until 2014 . The U.S. bill was passed by President George W. Bush in an attempt to free us from depending on hostile countries for oil energy.LED bulbs are not dangerous or toxic , and contain no mercury . Their light quality is quite good , and comparable in temperature to warm incandescents , and they use insanely small amounts of power . See , for example , theEarthLED ThetaLux 9-Watt Warm White LED Light Bulb .
 The bulbs may be fine , but beware the shipping . My two boxes of bulbs arrived yesterday . One small shake of the package told me that there were numerous broken bulbs . I opened the Amazon packaging . No padding at all on the top , bottom or one side . The package was n't even marked fragile . Amazon will take this back , but it is a waste of everyone 's time .
 I ordered 96 bulbs ; 4 packs of 24 . All were packed in one master carton with a few air bags on top of the 24-pack cartons to take up excess space ; no other packing/protection material . It was clear from the sound of broken glass coming from inside the 24-pack cartons that many of the bulbs arrived broken . Without opening the inner cartons , I returned the entire shipment .
 My bulbs showed up broken . The box was n't labeled as fragile . Amazon wants me to return the items , but I ca n't mail a box leaking shards of broken glass .
 I read the reviews commenting on broken bulbs but decided to take a chance on this . About 1/3 of the bulbs were broken and , if there was that kind of impact , I ca n't help but wonder about how long they 'll last considering the filaments may be weaker now . The product itself which was n't damaged is fine . On a positive note Amazon is refunded my money without requiring a return shipment so I got the undamaged ones for free . I 'll not buy bulbs online again though because it seems like a total crap shoot as far as the condition of them when they arrive .
 These are not 100 watt bulbs at 120 volt which I am at here in California USA , they only produce 88 watts at 120 volt , they do produce 100 watts at 130 volt , so buyer beware if you have 120 volts in your house -LRB- which is everywhere in the USA that I know of ! -RRB- , no where on this website does it tell you that but on the box that I just recieved it clearly states the facts , so back they go ...
 Not to happy cheap product , not all I thought it was gon na be . Would never of spent the money if I were to have seen it in a store .
 This is far from being ready to use as stated above . I did n't expect it to be perfect as received , but I did expect it to be a whole lot closer than it is . In addition , the cutting edge has a chip which is deep enough to cause a lot of work on my part to bring it back to a straight edge .
 It is not anyones fault but the coupling I was looking for is not this hard plastic . I could not use this item . Since the shipping and handling was more expensive than the product itself it is not worth sending back .
 It 's a true POS.Nozzle leaks where it screws on wand . There is a thin washer that is supposed to prevent leakage , however it has too extremely tight to stop the leak ; much tighter than can be done by hand.The spray pattern is not nearly fine enough to be used for indoor pest control.This sprayer is probably adequate for garden pest control.I have had the pump rod come unscrewed from the piston the second time I used the sprayer , this is aggravating when the sprayer is full of pesticide . I was able to remove the piston assembly and screw the pump rod back into the piston . Only time will tell if it will recur.At least from my review you can make an informed buying decision .
 This sprayer was a disappointment . The nozzle does not shut off cleanly and it just keeps dripping . I can not recommend this sprayer .
 Bought one of these Chapin Pro 21220 sprayers and right out of the box it would n't work . After close inspection , I found a burr on the lip of the plastic body . I carefully sanded the burr down and it seemed to finally work . When it worked , it was great ... but then it quit working just like that . Will only hold pressure for a few minutes , maybe 5 or 6 minutes . To get any pressure at all I have to pump it like a mad man 30 or 40 pumps and I could urinate a better stream then this sprayer ... I use the term `` sprayer '' loosely .
 The nozzle leaks on mine as well . The bottle is not clear and there is no clear window , so it 's not possible to see how much fluid is left on the bottle ; also hard to see when you are adding and measuring water , and you do n't really want to look down from the top where chemicals are splashing out . Also the tubing is too thick/heavy-duty and it is very difficult to wield because of it . I wish I did n't buy it . It 's really not that great considering how much this is . There are better sprayers out there for less price . I also bought the Gilmour Turbo Pump http://www.amazon.com/Gilmour-Turbo-Sprayer-Gallons-T1500/dp/B001IZILA2/ref=pd_rhf_cr_p_t_4 here at Amazon . I 'm very satisfied with that model .
 It worked for about two months , then it worked very intermittently . Checked the battery . The LED on the remote flashed so there is power going through it . Manually witching the receivers turn them ON and OFF so the receivers work . The distance between the receivers and the remote is 6 feet and there are no obstructions between the path of the receivers and the remote .
 Works fine , but once you plug it in take all the space . Can not plug in anything else . One of them turns on and off by itself sometimes . Can not program one switch to control all of them . Must be separate.Battery is very weird and had hard time to fit it in the remote . Wonder if will be able to find replacement.But for the price is ok .
 I bought remote control outlet sets from Superswitch at Cosco . The first one lasted approx . 1 month . The second one lasted approx . 6 months . There were a total of three outlets in each set . One by one they gave out . They were used on laser printers . The product has no warranty . NOT RECCOMMENDED
 I have been using two of the remote receivers relay switch for almost two months now . I went to use the third receiver relay switch and it burned out the first day of use . I disassembled the receivers relay switch and it was obvious why , low quality and faulty soldering during manufacturing . I have inspected the other two receivers relay switch and have made some minor repairs which should extend the life of the product . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE USE OF THIS PRODUCT .
 Stopped working after 6 months of use.How can these things break so quickly ? After reading the reviews , I 'm not the only one who has had this problem.It 's about time for companies to start making products that last or we need the government to step in and require all electronic items of this nature to have a 25 year life span with unlimited free replacements or refund during that time when they fail . Then , maybe companies wo n't manufacture junk in China that just ends up in landfills here in the States .
 Only 2 of the 3 outlets I got worked . The third was hit and miss at best and rarely worked unless I was 2 feet away and pointing the remote directly at it . The instructions say to wait 5 seconds between button presses but that 's total malarkey . No amount of waiting before pushing the button made the defective outlet work right , while the other two worked fine even if I pushed the buttons rapid fire . Sounds more like a manufacturer making excuses for poor quality control.Speaking of quality control ... The product packaging was completely substandard . All 3 outlets were plugged into each other by the manufacturer to conserve space , and as a result , torqued out of alignment . Structurally , these three outlets do n't line up properly to be shipped that way and are just mashed together . The maligned contortion puts undue stress on the sockets and circuitry and likely contributed to the product 's malfunction . It 's no coincidence the outlet that did n't work right was the one crammed in the middle , which was likely fractured by being jammed together . Again , a clear indicator of poor quality control.Thankfully , Amazon 's return policy covers return shipping costs for defective items . I sent this thing back for a refund using a prepaid shipping label . Had I ordered this elsewhere , I doubt the return would be so easy and seamless.Bottom Line -- saving a few bucks on a bargain brand does n't help much if the product does n't work . This is just plain old junk , nothing more . Stay away from DSI remote controlled outlets .
 Handy device , but the remote does n't pickup worth crap ! All 3 are in the same room , -LRB- which is a small living room -RRB- , and # 1 picks up pretty good , # 2 picks up pretty poorly and # 3 is terrible ! On # 2 and # 3 you will have to try several times before they will come on or go off ! However , I have a Skylink remote outlet , -LRB- also available at Amazon -RRB- , which picks up the remote signal good ! I never had a problem out of it so it is a much better product , but the downside is it only has 1 outlet .
 the switch on this device did not work on one remote from day one . I needed at least one of the remotes to work -LRB- two out of three did -RRB- so I kept this device . Now after two months the switch is failing completely and if a replacement switch does ` nt work I 'll return this device .
 This did n't work right out of the box . One of the modules did n't operate . After 1 week another module went dead . They sent a replacement for the first module but after the second died I requested a refund . I would NOT recommend this item .
 I received these today , so this review does not cover longevity , it is just first opinions.The sockets are fairly large , so placing one behind a piece of furniture is going to be fairly difficult . The size also creates a previously unmentioned problem - they partially block the second unused socket on a standard two sockets outlet . Only small plugs will fit in the second socket , this is a very poor design . I found two of my larger plugs would not easily go in to the unused socket once this device was in place.The switch on the remote functions as both on and off -LRB- there is not a separate on and off switch -RRB- , so you need to be able to see the device you are switching to know if it truly went on or off . Switching a device in another room is hit and miss , you never really know if it worked unless you take a look in that room which defeats the purpose of the device . Going to bed and wondering if you turned off the device in the other room means you ca n't just hit an `` off '' switch , you can only toggle the state of the device.As a result I 've used them for a different purpose than originally purchased , and I 'll be looking for a device that has an off and on switch instead.The switching requires momentarily holding the button rather than just tapping it , occasionally tapping it quickly has no effect.Other observations : The outlets make an audible click when you activate them , so a mechanical relay is in place and not an electronic relay.The outlets have two red lights on them , one is on all the time and indicates the device is powered , the other comes on when the socket is activated and illustrates the socket has been turned on -LRB- it remains on until you turn that socket off -RRB- . The sockets are fixed and can not be rotated , so outlets at 90 degrees will have the device also fixed at 90 degrees .
 Love the idea , but it wo n't work behind furniture . Unfortunately I threw the packing material away so I ca n't return or exchange this item .
 these do not work together in multiple configuration as the manufacturing website states - the ones that were sent to me do not work together at all - also say they work through walls , etc. however , they do not work through people - you can not stand between the switch and the outlet . Many times it takes several times switching on and off.The company which distributes this product for Amazon does not respond to emails and also misleads about the shipping - stating that they ship STANDARD when what they are doing is using the much cheaper BASIC shipping from UPS , while still charging you the approximate cost it would be for STANDARD.Watch out for this distributor , I was very unhappy with this situation completely.RickLees Summit , MO
 After two weeks the function keys only activate one remote , the other two sometimes . I hope they will warrant a return .
 Works great as described but upon a plus one year use two of my wall receivers did burned out . Both receivers toasted at the same place .
 I purchased two sets of the remotes . The first set lasted just a couple of weeks over the guarantee , then the middle one stopped working . The second lasted just short of that when the top one stopped working . Sending them back , packing , driving to the post office , paying postage ~ ~ too much hassle for nothing , while my 89-yr . old mother waits for a return ? Nope , I just bought another set from the local Lowe 's . It has lasted longer than the other ones put together .
 Hey the technology behind this is GREAT , they missed one thing . LIGHT . it has almost none . the light will shine to your toes thats it . Unfortunate .
 This lamp arrived without any instructions and after an hour I still had n't gotten the poles aligned correctly.l It also does n't put out much light . I returned it .
 Lamp arrived , box was demolished . good thing they sent four glass pieces because one was broken . Make sure when putting this together that you put the posts on correctly or the glass wont seat right -LRB- there 's only one way it will work without the glass knocking into the other post -RRB- . look at the picture here online , I had to take mine apart and do it over . I have this lamp behind a sectional -LRB- behind the rounded piece -RRB- in the corner so we cant see the base at all . not bad sticking up from behind the couch.Pain in the neck to put together but ok for the price I guess . My lamp is very bright . Wonder where to get replacements for the `` bulbs '' ? The dimmer/on-off switch should be further down the plug .
 I refused the shipment of this order , the table lamp with the same style came first and the quality was very poor .
 First off , this product comes in 16 pieces . That is not an exaggeration , it is exactly 16 pieces . - Each pole is comprised of 3 parts . - Then the 3 tops . - You have 3 bulbs . - And 1 base.Assembly is a nightmare . You have to run the wires connected to the base through each portion which has a POINTLESS lip on the opposite ends that the wires get stuck behind . You better have some very , very thin needle nose pliers or you will never get the wires through . Next , MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THE BULB COVERS BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING !!! They send you an extra one I 'm guessing in case you break one . Well I got 2 good ones , and 2 shattered ones . I did n't figure this out until the very end since these are the last pieces you put on the lamp . Now I need to contact Wayfair directly and hopefully they 'll just send me replacements since they do sell them individually for $ 6 . To really set me off though , I got it all set up , and the poles align nothing like the picture shows . Now I have to take the bulb covers -LRB- at least the 2 that are n't busted -RRB- , and the bulbs out -LRB- which mind you , you ca n't touch with your hands because the oil will burn when the lights are on . Welcome to halogens . To fix the alignment you need to open up the bottom panel and have a decent sized wrench to get the suckers loose . Tightening them back up while keeping them aligned is another pain . You would think they would assemble the things with little tabs to make sure they line up right . You would also think the poles would be one piece since that would be the easiest thing to do.Oh one more thing . The instructions is one , single picture . All the 9 pole pieces are labeled differently but there is no designation on the actual pieces . After trying to figure out what the heck was going on for 15 minutes I realized that 6 of the poles are exactly the same . Only the 3 tops are different , which you can figure out where to place them judging by the cord lengths.It looks amazing and I loved the finished product . But I wasted 2 hours putting it together and re-aligning the poles . Who knows how long it 's going to take me to get replacement bulb covers as well.Good luck .
 Although the item arrived promptly , the packaging was horrible . As a result 2 of the 4 glass covers included for the halogen lamps were broken . Now I ca n't even use the lamp . Unfortunately , I did not realize that the parts were broken until I had already assembled the rest of the lamp -LRB- which was extremely cumbersome -RRB- . Returning this lamp would be too much trouble at this point , so I 'm just trying to figure out how to get replacement bulb covers . No luck yet .
 This is a purchase that I regret . It looked modern and stylish in the photo , but once I got it and assembled it , the quality just did not match the price or the style . It is very eye catching , but that just draws the eyes to the marginal construction . It is not very stable . The light output is decent , but for me this floor lamp was more about the look than the light , and I do not like the look in person .
 not a bad box , at first . Oversized but I clip it on my belt out of the way so that did n't bother me . I did n't notice the weight , the line is fine , and the speed gear reel worked great at first . First problem was the loader door jammed and i had to disassemble it to load it . Then the gear stopped working . I disassembled it , cleaned everything , and gave it way more attention than it deserved , but to no avail , ground plastic gears are useless . I 'm going double or nothing and buying a Tajima gear drive line and hopefully it will last . I would still rather keep a spare of one of these than rewind a reel for as long as it takes to snap a line , so gear drive for me . If I could redesign this box , I 'd use a plastic box , metal gears , a release not on the reel , and a different loader door .
 I think I was able to use this line maybe three times before it would n't wind up took it apart got to wind up used it again and again would n't wind finally ended up throwing it in the trash where it belongs
 this works fine while it works , but wears out quick . Like other reviewers , the gears just totally gave up after about two or three months . i highly recomment the red tajima box instead .
 These are far , far from `` ready for use '' as described above . The cutting edges look like they were made by someone who really did n't care . These will take a lot longer than planned for refinishing before use . I thought `` Made in Sheffield England '' was supposed to be a statement of quality . I think they should start taking lessons from the Chinese . I also ordered separate 1 1/4 '' and 1 1/2 '' chisels which were even worse , with both having a chip on the cutting edge . I 'll be reviewing those separately and rating them even lower.This set is packaged in a flimsy lightweight cardboard box with 3 equally flimsy cardboard dividers between the 6 chisels . It is a joke . The chisel handles were all a little roughed-up , but no damage to the cutting edges .
 This is a piece of junk . During home improvement projects , we have found our Zircon StudSensor to be completely unreliable for detecting wall studs , and I ended up throwing this away . You might as well flip a coin . The studfinder is measuring `` something '' during slow sweeps across drywall since it will indicate the presence of a `` stud '' at the same point at the wall , but over half the time there 's nothing there .
 I was using the tool on deep scan setting over a single-layer vinyl floor . Finder did not give the same result when I repeated ANY reading several times -- got both false positives and negatives and usually a lot of ` noise . ' I could clearly see the joists from the floor below and even using that knowledge I was not able to trust the Zircon . Also , there are no instructions with the tool for installing the battery and the information on the website was wrong . Booo.Finder did not work at all over my carpeted area.Finder seemed to work better when I did some limited trials on the wall studs.Bottom line
 I 've been very disappointed with the results . I have all new 1/2 '' sheetrock over studs and this throws off phantom signals all the time . It 's not near as good as a 25 year old Radio Shack Archer brand stud sensor I gave to my son . Wish I had it back .
 I agree with all the other one star reviews . Complete waste of money . Shame on Zircon for selling this piece of crap .
 I found this product to be complete junk , and never even had it powered on . Simply getting to the battery caused another piece inside to fall out . So I had to take the one simple screw holding it together out so I could put the piece back in , seems simple enough considering I fiddle with things all the time . Well , it just would n't go back together easily ... like not at all . It was constructed poorly , could n't get it back on without forcing it . I ended up not even bothering and just throwing it away the first day out of the package . From the other reviews I 've read here , it sounds like I only saved myself further frustrations and do n't regret my decision at all.Terrible product , do n't buy . I 'll never by anything with the name `` Zircon '' on it again .
 I have tried using this over and over again . Probably 20 times . It has never worked right . I have compared this to my old entry level zircon which I did not like , and that one is at least correct 70 % of the time . The most annoying thing about it , is that it starts this rapid error beep every time I start to move it after setting the reference .
 Bought unit from Home Depot but wanted everyone to know not to waste your money . The unit will not find a stud . The unit will sense a stud by just pressing the button and holding in 1 spot on the wall . NO MOVEMENT and it will tell you there is a stud . Tried in the garage where I can see the stud still the same results . I also tried testing the unit by moving closer to the stud and I would get different readings sometimes 2 '' away from stud , sometimes 6 '' away and sometimes it actually saw the stud . I tried on both normal and deep scan.Don ' t waste your money .
 I bought this for simple use ... . YEA , OK !! All it does is make me mad !! All I get is a error on the thing !
 I bought the cheaper version of this stud finder and could not get it past step two in the instructions -LRB- slowly moving along wall holding the power button to search for stud -RRB- . The thing just would n't work . So , I took it back to the hardware store and the two men working there were just as puzzled as me . I exchanged it for this one , the Pro SL Deep-Scanning Stud Finder , and the exact same thing - I could not get it past step two of the instructions . I was using it on a wall , with no wallpaper , brand new battery ; I was following the instructions and the company 's YouTube video to a tee . I read and followed the instructions , Girls Scout 's honor . Nothing . The `` TRUCAL '' and `` DEEPSCAN '' lights worked but nothing else -LRB- do n't tell me to replace the battery -RRB- . Perhaps there are no studs in my 1945 rental , you ask . I go down to my garage and find the perfect test site , studs visible on one side , dry wall -LRB- no paint or paper , 1/2 '' thick -RRB- on the other . I start on a space between the studs and hit the power button once -LRB- only the `` TRUCAL '' green light is illuminated -RRB- , scan slowing along the wall , cross the stud ... NOTHING . I scan past the stud and press the power button one more time so the `` TRUCAL '' AND `` DEEPSCAN '' green and red lights are illuminated and scan back over said stud a second time ... NADA ! ZILCH ! ZERO ! The four stud detector lights stay dark and the finder makes no noise . What did I miss ? What did I do wrong ? Please tell me ! Either you need a Phd to work this thing , I bought two `` lemons '' in one day , or the Zircon brand stud finders are a big scam -LRB- judging by the other reviews I would not be surprised -RRB- . I want to pull a Michael Bolton `` Office Space '' on this worthless , `` Designed in U.S.A. Produced in China '' pathetic excuse for a product . ** Sarcasm not present . ** I did contact customer service and they replaced my defective model with a more advanced one .
 I agree this is a rip off . I have tried every which way to use this . opened it up and found nothing but a little chip , which was probably just the beeper , then chucked it into the trash . `` Designed in USA , made in China `` I should have known , I hate that `` designed in USA '' stuff . At least I now know - I will never buy another Zircon product again - I hope .
 Before I finished drilling the first hole in an Ikea cabinet - and not the thick pressed wood , mind you , but the thin back panel - this crappy thing sheared itself to pieces . The small set screw that holds it together stripped out the instant I tried to put it back together . Worthless .
 Worked for 30 minutes and then the hose melted throwing water proofing sealer every which way . I consider that dangerous . I 'd give it no stars if that were an option . Need I say more ?
 I purchased this sprayer thinking it would be superior for spraying my fence than a typical $ 10 garden sprayer . As it turns out , the wide spray pattern nozzle did not work at all . It dripped , spattered to a point that it ruined my fence . I should have returned the sprayer but did n't want to bother , instead I decided to use it as a garden sprayer . In hind site , I think a better choice for this application would have been an electric paint gun .
 I wanted this lamp so bad ! I read the reviews on the problems with putting it together . I followed the reviewer comments and spent an hour and a half trying my best to put this together . I even concocted a written `` grid '' with every possible way of combining the lights . To no avail . It appears that two of the `` screw on '' holders on the base were at the exact same angle , so two poles were leaning into one another . It did n't matter whether I had short , medium , or large . This was a shame , as I wanted this lamp for my desk . Returned it and received a credit very fast . Went out to the local big box and bought a lamp to replace . I really liked the design . ** ADDITIONAL INFO ** Save the box it came in . I threw it out and had to spend $ 13 at a UPS center for shipping and packing the box . What a waste ! My fault though ... . Amazon included the shipping return fee which worked out great , other than the expense of the box .
 I have returned this lamp because one of the electrical connections fell apart as I was assembling it . Specifically , the plastic covering of one of the connections of the electrical wires in one of the poles -LRB- which has to be screwed onto the base -RRB- simply fell off leaving a bare wire . Needless to say , I was not impressed with the quality of the product and will not be ordering another .
 This lamp is awesome looking -- very visually attractive!However , like other buyers , I found the assembly instructions to be less than helpful . And when I did put it together , I found that the bulbs only work when they want to which I find super inconvenient . If I 'm reading in bed , and the bulbs decide to go out , I 'm left with nothing . There 's a slight buzzing sound coming from my lamp , too.Overall , I would probably not recommend this lamp .
 Although this lamp is very pretty , I had to return it because it was impossible to assemble correctly . The glass shades leaned on one another to the point that the shades were actually bowing . It would have been only a matter of time before the glass shades shattered from the pressure or exploded from the heat generated by the shades touching one another . Do n't buy this lamp .
 After just one year the light broke . At first I thought the bulbs went bad , I changed them for new ones but still the lights did not work
 I am on my third hose after two and a half years . The hose comes apart and pops off at the end where the hose meets the shower head . I have been very careful after the first replacement . It broke after one year anyway .
 The thought of having a so called quality `` Hansgrohe '' product that is defective after less than a month is truly a surprising and irritating experience . I would recommend to steer away clear off this product . It looks good , Yes , but far from being durable . Paying almost $ 40 for something that does not even last more than a month is a complete dissappointment - I feel cheated . The rubber end hose connecting to the handshower broke or was peeled off . It appeared the glue/adhesive wore off . By any means , this product should have not pass the QA at Hansgrohe . I 'm quite surprised that manufacturer released this defective product to the market . QUITE SHAMEFUL !
 Originally , my bathroom did not have a hand shower . The shower head was sticking out above my head on an angled chrome pipe . I used an adapter to hook up this hose and a hand shower - a very common arrangement . In this arrangement , both ends of the hose are close together above one 's head , and the hose makes a loop that hangs along the bathroom wall . I prefer the loop of the hose to be flexible enough to hang freely and and not to curve inside the bathtub.This is not the case with this hose . It curves into the bathtub a little , and when I take a shower , I can sometimes touch it . I do not like touching the hose . I bought Whedon `` Metal-Stretch Shower Hose '' instead - and I am happy with it so far .
 Received and installed in March , 2010 . Works fine in every respect . Tactilely it 's smooth and comfortable.Has a soft satin finish , not high gloss . I like the closed grain of maple compared to oak finishes . That 's thetwo star portion of this item ... . These are veneer finished seats at this price point . Solid wood would cost moreor are stained some un-natural color . . The one that was sent to me must have been made by an utter rookie in someoverseas plant . The veneers on the top lid have discoloration flaws in the wood and contact cement -LRB- or glue -RRB- stainsat almost every veneer seam . In particular every corner transition on both the seat and lid is stained and just plain pathetic.Highly disappointing ! My hope for you , is that only I received the ugly one ...
 The photo of this toilet seat shows silver hardware . The item that was sent 2x has bras color hinges . Returning is a hassle . The box is big and the post office line is long .
 Mayfair makes very nice toilet seats , but this one was improperly described . I assumed that `` natural wood '' meant that the product was made of cherry . In fact , it was pine or fir painted to look like cherry . It was not even stained , just painted and the paint was scratched in some places exposing the white wood underneath . The oak seats are good , but I do not reccomend buying the faux cherry . I hope Amazon reads these reviews so that they can edit the advertising . I was very disappointed .
 I made wrong assumptions about this description . Cherry does not in anyway mean cherry wood , it is painted a cherry color , no wood grain to it whatsoever . The product is slightly smaller in all demensions that the original Eljer seat it was meant to replace . It may be `` natural wood '' but you certainly can not tell it by looking . It is a small painted toilet seat .
 I was so disappointed in this product1.not real cherrywood just has a thin stain2.rusted at the hinges and fell apart in a short period of timeI will never buy a toilet seat online again
 Do n't buy from this company ! It does not take responsibility of what it sells . I ordered an elongated natural wood toilet seat from Antonline via Amazon . Antonline sent me an oval one . I contacted them . They told me to go on line and find out the return policy , which stated I have to send the seat back within 10 days and postage prepaid . I e-mailed the company again to protest . Have not heard from them since . Not a good company to do business with . You bought a $ 30 toilet seat and have to pay $ 20 shipping to ship it back because of their mistake ! Avoid at all cost!A . Lam MD
 The seat was smashed on the lid side and seat side . I bought this as a direct replacement . The hinges had broken on my original seat . Rather than returning and waiting , I swapped the hinges . The reason the hinges always break on these seats is that the pins are made out of plastic . If they would upgrade the hinges and ship these more safely , I would rate it a 5 .
 HORRIBLE !!! You buy cheap you get cheap ! It does n't even look like real wood . . And it 's not even made well . . The top is not smooth it has ripples which makes it look worse ! UPDATE-6 / 26/2012 This toilet seat went into the garbage !! I would have returned it but in order to return this crap I will have to pay for shipping and only get partial payment that is BS !!!! Amazon should give me a discount for the new toilet seat I just purchased for allowing MAYFAIR to sell such a horrible worthless and cheap product . $ 27 dollars down the drain !! THANKS MAYFAIR !!
 Not big enough for a standard oval toilet ! . The seat does not cover the whole opening . The color is perfect though .
 I have bought 2 toilet seats from Mayfair , both times the `` natural wood '' elongated cherry series . It states in the description that is does not crack or split , but that statement is simply NOT true . Both of the toilet seats have cracked after a few months of use . Very frustrating . I do like the look although it is not natural wood . I think they need to revamp their description of this item .
 Even tried peanut butter on the ramp leading into the trap , they got the bait but never fell into the trap . Hawaii is a very rich mouse location and this has been outside around the garden , exterior of the house for months without catching anything .
 I have had this product set up for over 2 weeks now with absolutely no success . I have tried many different baits -LRB- chocolate , peanut butter etc -RRB- . I followed all of the setup instructions to the letter , and the mice just walk right by it ! Not worth the money !
 bought a trap like this . Mine seems to have a springy walking plank which the mice are supposed to walk up , then the weight lowers the little plank and the mice go into the `` waiting area '' . It seems the plank would take a heavy mouse to get enough weight to get the mouse in further . There are little front doors on mine which are n't speing loaded an therefor stay open . . Are these traps better ? I have a Ketch-all too and caught 13 outside mice in it within 3 days . Today was my 1st mouse injury .
 I live in a rural area , and have problems with mice getting in the garage . I have these traps in known areas where the mice are , and I have caught nothing over several weeks . They say you do n't need to bait the traps . I tried them unbaited , and then baited . Still no luck . I put down the old fashioned snap traps right next to the pro-ketch , and catch something in them every night . Do n't waste your money .
 We bought this particular trap because it claims to catch multiple mice . We do n't kill the mice we catch but let them free a ways from home . We 've always used Havaheart traps with excellent results.This trap used along side two Havaheart traps caught nothing , while both the Havaheart traps caught mice . This was done on several nights .
 I bought this trap along with the Havahart double door trap for mice . Tried baited and un-baited . The other trap caught the tiniest mice consistently , this one still has n't caught a single mouse , even when placed in the same place as the other trap . It may be slightly more involved to set but the Havahart mouse trap works very well .
 The first night I set up the trap , I heard a racket coming from my cabinet . I opened the cupboard , thinking I had caught a mouse ... but instead I found the mouse OUTSIDE the trap , trying to GNAW ITS WAY IN to get the treat !!! I have had this trap set up for months now . It has never caught anything . Yet my Mice Cube -LRB- ordered on Amazon -RRB- continues to catch mice . The only reason I ordered this product was because I was having so much success with the Mice Cube -LRB- which only holds 1 mouse at a time -RRB- , I thought I could catch multiple mice at once with this . NOT IF THEY CA N'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET IN !
 I had this for a long while i think over a year . It rarely works for me adult mice will not enter it . On a rare occasion a baby mice will get trapped in it . Im guessing recent nest Departees . These mice are usually about size of my Pinky . This would be acceptable if was more frequent . However this far and few in between . I have tried water an different baits and locations .
 It caught a few mice at first , but now I just keep finding droppings inside the trap and no mice . Amazingly , they seem to have figured it out .
 I purchased 5 of these and had a major problem . I needed to move the spikes after initially putting them in the ground and , unfortunately , the tops are not strongly attached to the spike so in every case the top pulled off and left the spike in the ground . I had to literally dig the spikes out of the ground . I purchased the Dramm Premium Hose Spikes # 13001 from Amazon and , although I have not yet put them in the ground , they appear to be much better made . Unfortunately , they are about twice the price of the Orbit ones .
 Indeed the plastic top comes off easily . So either decide where to put them and never move them , or make sure that the soil where you put them is not too firm . Other than that they work well and are fairly unobtrusive , but the flimsy construction is a turn-off in my case .
 Sunlight darkening gave-up after 4 years ... -LRB- now they are a yellowish tint -RRB- The foam around the lenses are comfortable but needed to be replace.The strap connection is delicate and need to be replaced often .
 most of these sellers save you a few dollars vs retail but if you have a problem good luck , im not sure about this one , the last one wanted 15 % TO return , these folks ain , t bricks and mortor .
 I have bought 3 or 4 of these because when they work they work well ! I think the first one cost around $ 15 now they 're very expensive for what they are , and my last two have only worked for a few weeks !! I need to find out what kind of warranty they have because this newest one , for which I paid $ 35 + , stopped working after two weeks . This is ridiculous .
 I have 2 of these devices . They work great when they work . The brains to this is a strain gauge , inside the top , attached to the hanger . When the squirrel gets on it , the gauge deflects activating the motor . The gauge does not last long at the needed settings . After about a week , the device starts spinning at a slight breeze and does not stop . The batteries leak in it also since it is not sealed well .
 I have one of these and it worked at first , for a month or so . Then they figured out how to hang on until it stopped spinning . Then the spinner started spinning non - stop . I changed the batteries . Same thing . It 's broken . I am out $ 35 . And the squirrels are happy again . Squirrels are too smart for me . I had one of those heavy metal feeders with a spring loaded arm that would close if there was too much weight . They figured that out too - took the springs out somehow . I might as well save the money I spend on deterrents and buy them their own seeds . They win .
 Length :
 They figured out how to grab onto the feeder & stop it from twirling around . It worked at first but now they know how to do that ! Pesky varmits !!!!!!
 While this machine does what it says it does , it is very sensitive . It works with your feeder , and when you hang the feeder from it , turning it on will cause it to go through a calibration cycle to set the hanging weight . Supposedly , it will spin for 15 seconds when the weight goes up by about a pound , assuming there is a squirrel causing the weight increase . Oftentimes it will just spin on its own with nothing to trigger it . After the 15 seconds , it stops , then starts again , and continuing this cycle for no apparent reason . . When that happens , turning it off and back on will re-calibrate it for its current hanging weight , and it will work OK for a while . But before long , off it goes again . Seems to be OK until a squirrel gets on it again , and then the sensitivity makes it go berserk once more . I would NOT recommend this to anyone . I 'm trying a Brome 1024 next .
 No good . The deterrent spun to fast causing the food to spin off . It also started randomly . Too sensitive in windy areas .
 I bought these because we were installing hardwood floors and needed some protection . After wearing them for a day , I went to a local big box store and found something more comfortable . The problem is with the straps . They are elastic but need to be longer to allow adjustment .
 The only thing good about these is the price . They are too hot to use in the summer . Do not buy these !!!
 I purchased the Tekton 7023 Deluxe Knee pads because they were prime eligible and who could resist the positive reviews . My primary use for these Knee pads was to be for work . Yesterday around 4PM US AZ time they were delivered -LRB- Just in time before I went to work the night shift -RRB- . While I was putting them on for the very first time , two of the Brass colored rivets fell out -LRB- yes I said `` FELL OUT '' ! -RRB- Nevertheless , I still wore them . While running around at work , the pads slip and slides around my knee caps , and I am a larger gentleman . Causing me to question the actual purpose of these pads.Needless to say , I have to wear these broken knee pads until my next pay check and hope my next purchase wont fail upon first use . As I am sure my experience can be a personal experience , will note that the plastic used on the pads is in fact nice and sturdy , it appears if you have a use for them , it may suit your needs . But I dont think I will get more than a day or two out of these pads at the rate that they are deteriorating .
 It lasted a day . I do n't think it was made for heavy people . I wore it to work and the cap fell off within an hour .
 We tried to get it to lay down flat but the bottom and top kept curling up . We made several attempts to get the glue to activate properly , including soaking the entire roll in the bathtub but had no success . I have never had such a difficult time with pre-glued border . We ended up throwing it in the trash and repainting the stained walls of our daughter 's nursery .
 We purchased this wall border and had nothing but problems . My husband and his father , who are both quite handy , put it up , but it would not stick on the bottom . Mind you that while they were doing this , I had cut up pieces of the leftover border for other various touches around the room . I put different frames of the border in picture frames , put some of the characters on the ceiling fan , ect , because the pattern itself is so cute . but even working with the smaller pieces on the fan , the border ripped a few times , I pushed them together and called it a day , but I do n't know how long it will hold once it is in motion . Also , when they put it up in the room it ripped in several places . To try to get it to stick better , they even tried to superglue the bottom , which made it even more frustrating when we realized that It looked too bad to keep up . This is our first child and we would have a lot better places to waste over $ 40 . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I loved this set when I saw it and just knew I would buy it . We found out we were having a girl went to the store after painting bought the boarder ... . it is awful it wont stick feel down 2 times we ending up caulking it to the wall . 20.00 a roll and we had to glue it to the wall . It sucked
 This border is adorable now that we finally have it up . We had problems with the edges sticking and had to purchase a separate adhesive to get it to really stick to the walls . This is not the first time my husband and I have hung a wall border , so I can be fairly confident in saying that for some reason , this border was particularly frustrating . I would probably have forgone the border altogether had I known how difficult it was going to be to hang . If you do purchase it , good luck ! 2 Stars are strictly on cuteness !
 My Proxxon Rotary Tool stand came last night . My wife wanted something to drill glass , and after reading the reviews here , it seemed the best choice.Based on my experience , I 'm elevating my rating to two stars only because I was able to modify it to make it usable - sort-of . Opening the box , the parts were loose in the box , they had been in a plastic bag , but worked their way out thru a tear . Parts were also loose or had fallen off the stand . There was not even a simple instruction manual to tell you how to put it back together , but it was simple enough to figure out , except for one thing.The vertical post had what appeared to be a set screw to hold it in place , but it had no head or recess and was screwed in flush . It took me a few minutes to see that the set screw was in backwards with the head inside against the post ! I was able to work a allen wrench inside the post hole and turn the set screw out enough so that I could remove it the rest of the way with my fingers . Then , properly installed , I was able to secure the vertical post . -LRB- I wish that had been one of the parts to fall off during shipping ! -RRB- After finding where all the parts went that had fallen off during shipping , and getting it assembled , I pulled the handle down , and the drill kicked about 0.2 inches to the right as soon as I started moving it . It came down stiffly with spots that were binding . It had a lot of side play even when pulled completely down , at least 0.2 inches , totally unaceptable!I adjusted and re-adjusted all the screws to no avail . Then I discovered the problem , a brass bushing guides the head as it moves downward , sliding down a flimsy post that could be easily bent , but looked reasonably straight . The bushing was floating in a fork assembley very losely which is where the play appeared to be occuring . I disassembled the head and took the fork out to my vise and squeezed it closed until it snapped tightly onto the brass bushing . This is where I discovered that the bushing itself had a very sloppy fit and was far too loose on the guide post . Nothing could be done about that but to get a new post or a new bushing that fit properly , and there was no warranty or instructions on how to request a new one , not even a address on the box.I then reassembled the stand , and found that almost all the side to side play was gone , there was still too much due to the loose bushing , but I deemed it usable.To summarize , the QC is poor to non-existent , and the design is just plain quirky.I 'd return it for another , but would not have hopes of finding the next one to be any better.No warranty sheet -LRB- I believe this violates US consumer law -RRB- no instructions , I 'd would have passed it by if I 'd known . Note , after finding the Proxxon website , I did find the information , and will ask them about a replacement bushing , the guide post looks to be pressed into place . I 'll see what happens .
 I have ordered two of these from Amazon . The first one came with a cracked jaw , making it so I could n't get the tool into the press . I returned that one.The second worked great for about an hour . I went to tighten the press at a specific height and the piece that clamps down on the vertical shaft to hold it in place snapped . I tried to finish what I was doing , since I was almost done . Then the other half of the jaw snapped off when I tried to see if i could get it to clamp just tight enough to hold on for a little bit.If it did n't break just for looking at it , it 'd be a great little machine . They really need to make the parts that have stress put on them out of steel .
 The Brass guide bushing and assembly is a very sloppy fit resulting in about .25 '' of play at the tool tip . I was hoping to use this in conjuction with the X-Y table to machine small parts and jewelry . Ca n't do it with this without mods . This item appeared to be very cheaply made and not of the quality I was expecting.Too bad because the X-Y table and Rotary Tool are really nice.I agree with a previous reviewer that ; `` To summarize , the QC is poor to non-existent , and the design is just plain quirky.I 'd return it for another , but would not have hopes of finding the next one to be any better . `` Do n't expect that you can use this out of the box with their X-Y table to get the precision that you expect
 well it works decent enough but its a little cheap . The metal easily bends . But then again what do you expect for so cheap ????
 Totally unusable.Fell apart the first time I used it.Impossible to repair.Don ' t bother buying this.One star is too high a rating for this product .
 On the specifications , this product is stated to be nine inches in length , it 's only 2/3 of that length . Returning it .
 Poor design , cheaply made . Thickness of endcaps prevents any tight adjacent measurement , like next to a wall . Wanted to use this to help cut trim to match existing trim but it ca n't fit into tight quarters because it 's a bulky design . Pins are loose-laid wires between by two chunky metal pieces . Endcaps hold the whole thing together with a couple of small screws . Nothing precise here . Pins can easily be removed or pushed through without any resistance . Pins on ends easily get stuck in units endcap and wo n't fuction .
 Very hard do use . The gauge could not be used in fragile pottery.There are another models thar are better , like Jhonson . I buy it from brazil , and was very expansive .
 exactly same problem as the review bellow , I have order 8 pcs . and all wore packed separately in a bubble wrap + cardboard .
 The item was just packed in bubble wrap and was badly bent when it arrived . To make matters worse I order two of them and they were shipped seperately and both arrived bent . It they had been shipped as a single item they would not have been so badly bent .
 Should be packaged in a tough fiberboard tube . I had to shop locally and special order a &#34; straight &#34; one . Ouch .
 The set is metric 1 to 5.9 x 0.1 mm drill bits . A mixed set of mostly black oxide -LRB- some bright -RRB- UK & Chinese with a few from Japan & USA . Lengths vary erratically . Many bits were shortened from longer ones then resharpened & reblackened . The resharpening was poorly done producing improper point geometries including points not being centered . A drill bit 's web thickens along the length which also affects a cut-down bit 's resharpening . Several bits had bent ends that would actually wobble the part in the drill press . The company kindly replaced the wobbly ones but bits that are stepped every 0.1 mm are bought for precision metal work which would be hard to achieve with this set . The quality control is just not there . I did n't use the set for a while so problems not noticed in time for a replacement or refund . Comes in a nice Huot index .
 Do n't waste your money !! 80 % + have broken just trying to sinch them up . The are brittle and useless . This crap makes harbor freight junk look good !
 Horrible calipers . I do precision woodworking and have been using calipers daily for the last decade . I 've been using the same couple pairs for years and years ... not high end , maybe $ 40 import calipers but they work well . Ordered a few more to spread around so I would n't always be walking across the shop to get them.The Tekton ones I ordered were noticably lighter than the older sets I have and felt looser overall . The real problem though is accuracy . As soon as I started using them I started getting a ton of little errors in my work . Took me a while to realize it , but the Tekton calipers are so loose and have so much slop in the mechanism that the results are inconsistent by as much as five thousandths.Long story short I chucked them in the trash and went back to my old trustworthy ones . I 'd avoid these if thousandths matter to you .
 It is n't every day you find a product that 's a - complete - piece of crap , but this might be one of those days . I know MIT stuff is n't nearly top of the line , and that 's not what I was looking for , just a cheap occasional-use spare . But this thing is useless . Numbers on the rule are stamped so hard into a piece of metal - which I 'm sorry , if that 's ` steel , ' they 've found a way to make it soft as lead - that the slider binds on the cratering around the numbers . the slider is a combo of cheap metal and plastic usually seen in toys . Bend the rule a little and it stays bent . Unbelievable . Do n't buy this , even for your kids .
 Installed grab bar in 2010 , shortly finish started to peel off . Called company , they said NO warranty , it was a `` living finish '' . Made in China probably explains it . Lot of money for what I got.At same time purchased another brand towel bar of same color and it has NOT peeled off , so much for a living finish . I wish I had never purchased this item .
 Unless I am missing something , and I do n't that is possible as there are only 4 simple steps for application , I am completely dissatisfied with this product . First , it is not ` soft ' wax , it is hard like a crayon . You rub it on like a crayon , but it is hard getting the wax to fill the nail hole and as you rub it on , it gets all over the wood - that is step one . The last three steps envolve removing the excess wax . Maybe if you only had one nail hole to fill you would be satified with Softwax , though I find that questionable . Unfortunately , our house is under construction and it would take forever to fill and clean the surface around every nail hole in all the trim work using this product . One star is one star too much for Softwax !
 Right out of the box the rivets were loose . When I used it I discovered that it was out of square by more than an inch . Empire 's True Blue products are very high quality but this definitly is not . Also , this , unlike their levels , is made in china . Buy a Johnson .
 The fan is easy to install , but quality of parts and ability to move air is severely deficient.The mounting bracket is easy to install and solid , and the parts kits includes some spares . Directions are easy to follow and very straightforward . Once installed , your problems begin.One , it really does n't move air well at all . At its highest speed you will hear the motor humming , see the unit rocking , and barely feel air movement . The slowest speed is nothing more than a decorative rotation of the blades about its axis ; a birthday candle would have nothing to fear from this fan.Two , internal part quality is cheap . I pulled the light chain and it broke inside the unit , forcing me to return the entire thing . At the store where I purchased it , I counted no less than half a dozen others . These are not very good fans at all.-Fred
 If you wish to have a short-lasting nice decoration with expensive -LRB- $ 6 each -RRB- hard-to-find GU10 Base lights -LRB- not included with the fan -RRB- -LRB- LOWE 'S do n't have them ! -RRB- and no wind at all , then buy this fan . If you are looking for a functional and fast fan and long lasting blades - then buy something else . There is no wind coming from the blades of the fan whatsoever . At the fastest speed the fan is very slow and should not be used for anything else just as a -LRB- Christmas -RRB- decoration . The blades and body of this fan are made from painted plywood and deteriorate fast with high humidity . Fan is not blowing at all - the reason I think is because the blades are totally flat and the angle of the blades is wrong . The manufacturer apparently did not test the fan before selling it or they are looking for a chance , where people think it 's not worth the trouble to return the fan back to the store . This product should not be for sale and should be immediately withdrawn from the market . I give one star for the functionality and longevity of the fan and 4 stars for the design alone .
 If you wish to have a short-lasting nice decoration with expensive -LRB- $ 6 each -RRB- hard-to-find GU10 Base lights -LRB- not included with the fan -RRB- -LRB- LOWE 'S do n't have them ! -RRB- and no wind at all , then buy this fan . If you are looking for a functional and fast fan and long lasting blades - then buy something else . There is no wind coming from the blades of the fan whatsoever . At the fastest speed the fan is very slow and should not be used for anything else just as a -LRB- Christmas -RRB- decoration . The blades and body of this fan are made from painted plywood and deteriorate fast with high humidity . Fan is not blowing at all - the reason I think is because the blades are totally flat and the angle of the blades is wrong . The manufacturer apparently did not test the fan before selling it or they are looking for a chance , where people think it 's not worth the trouble to return the fan back to the store . This product should not be for sale and should be immediately withdrawn from the market . I give one star for the functionality and longevity of the fan and 4 stars for the design alone .
 It 's good for decoration . It looks good , works quietly , and is easy to set up and install , but does not do it 's job . Very little air circulation even on highest setting . Also worth noting is the bulbs can be difficult to find in your local stores , I ended up having to order them online as the fan did not come with them .
 Bought this and just installed it . Bottom line
 I have ordered these before and they were OK . This time they were thinner and flimsy and about 1/4 broke being tightened.Might be fine to bundle items for storage but not for any critical application.I would recommend instead the GB brand ties that are also available on Amazon . They have been great and continue to be.GB is slightly more expensive but still cheap . Beware , however , apparently some affiliates have been advertising their tiesas GB and shipping cheap substitutes .
 I am the Safety Manager for my company , and we bought this nailgun to replace a PorterCable that we had for a few years , 3 or 4 , . We recieved this nailgun and their nails . The nailgun sparks every time it fires a nail , sometimes it does not fire a nail , and other times it fires 2 nails . We used this nailgun for 2 days , on the second day , it missfired and shot out two nails . One went into the intended 2 X 4 , the other went into the left hand middle finger of the man that was using it . After investigating the incident , he was not miss using the gun , the nailgun just simply shot 2 nails . So , if you buy this gun , PLEASE be extreamly cautious with it .
 Do n't look for it in the product description or the seller 's site . I had to find it in an online manual for the product , posted by a third party ! I am a professional contractor in California . This nailer ONLY accepts .113 nails -- 2 `` x6D size usually -- which are not acceptable as framing sized or sheathing size nails in Los Angeles -- 16D and 8D respectively . Uniform Building Code STARTS at .131 shank sizes .
 I just sent this gun back to grizzly today for a refund . It comes at a good price but you get what you pay for . The gun would shoot nails flush when it would shoot , but would not fire part of the time and would leak air buy the trigger when it miss fired . I sent for a porter cable FR350A , it has a very large amount of very good reviews at amazon and from other web sites . I have an 18ga porter cable gun that works great every time . I have heard good things about Grizzly products , but this $ 99 gun was just too cheaply made . Live and learn they say .
 I just received this item , and it DOES NOT take up to 0.131 '' nails . It only states up to 0.113 '' but Grizzly says it will shoot up to 0.120 '' . The nails sold by Grizzly in the 20-22o range are 0.113 '' nails . I think this is deceiving , and Amazon should n't link to nails that do n't fit this gun .
 Do n't waste your money on this tarp - in less than three months it fell completely apart from UV degradation.I purchased this tarp to cover my 37 ' boat with , I usually get two years out of the Walmart/Big Lot specials I have been buying , and within 80 days of partial exposure to the elements this tarp was rotting apart and in shreds . A wind rip is one thing but with this tarp the material simply crumbles to the touch , something that I 've never had happen in less than 20 months before!This is in a shaded area no less ! I do n't know about anyone else but I buy large tarps to cover things that are outside , so a tarp that can not handle 90 days of partial exposure to sunlight does me no good . Save your money and buy something else !
 Out of the box this tool comes with the saw , owners manual , warranty card , 2 wrenches for changing the blades , a washer for blade stabilization , and a Hitachi 4 '' continuous diamond blade.Here is a summary of my experience with the CM4SB2.I purchased the CM4SB2 about a year ago because I thought it would be a great saw to cut some CMU -LRB- Concrete Masonry Unit -RRB- and Harditrim with for a project I was going to be working on in the near future . Plus I thought it would be a handy compact tool to have around for all small masonry projects.When I finally started my project , I made some practice cuts and was initially very pleased with how much power was packed into the compact saw . It could eat right through the sacrificial pieces of CMU and Harditrim . After I practiced for a while I began cutting for the actual project . This is where I started running into problems with the CM4SB2.First off , you can not adjust the bevel on this saw . The foot is riveted the the motor housing . Being limited to only 90 degree cuts is fine if it was a 90 degree cut . Either the foot is bent or the blade arbor is not square on my saw because one is very off and I get a crooked cut with deep blade marks every time with no way to fix the problem . I suppose I could try and force the foot into alignment , but would probably break it and then the saw would be completely useless.Secondly , the foot of the saw is only on the right side of the blade , and it is at some weird measurement -LRB- 3 and 27/32 '' -RRB- from the left side of the blade -LRB- I am sure its due to the crookedness of the blade -RRB- . So its difficult to set marks with a standard speed square to have a nice straight line to set a straight edge . BUT , you do n't have to worry about that because you ca n't set a straight edge anyway because the motor housing stretches so far out and so low -LRB- due to the 4 '' blade -RRB- it runs into it every time and screws up the cut.After those mishaps I gave up on the CM4SB2 and in conclusion would only use it when I need very rough looking cuts that do n't need to be straight or square.I ended up buying a Skil saw made in the good old USA , rip fence for it , and a masonry blade all for half the price of the CM4SB2 . That solved my problems.I have owned several Hitachi tools over the years and have always had something to gripe about because there is always an oddball thing about them . I have a Hitachi television which I love and have bought a couple Hitachi hard drives for my computer and I have been very satisfied with them , but this latest Hitachi power tool purchase was the last straw and I will not purchase another Hitachi power tool again !!
 Just received this saw today . Used it to cut out some 1/4 inch grout lines . Cut with ease . This little saw is heavy and well made . It is easy to use and powerful . I give it 4 stars because there is no case . Otherwise it would be five . stars.Update 2-9-2010
 I purchased this spray gun because of the good reviews however buyer beware . I ordered it with the 2.0 spray tip , received the gun and the 2.0 spray tip was not available at the time , had to contact Grizzly direct to place the order . Item was back ordered 4 weeks , when I called after 3 weeks they said it would not be available for another 4 more months . ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!!! They would n't do anything for me except say they were sorry . Not very impressed with my first experience using Grizzly & have no plans on any future purchases with these folks . So like I said buyer beware , might not get what you ask for , call first , make sure they have it in stock , then place your order . OH & Good Luck !!!
 The design of this is outstanding , unfortunately execution is terrible . The unit I purchased came in with the top shelf broken at the miter joints due to poor cut 45 degree angles and the use of a sub par quality of glue -LRB- typical in Chinese assembled furniture -RRB- with too short stables to hold the corner . The unit was assemble in such a way that the plant light could not be connected at the fixture which required the relocation of the fixture.The design is such that I felt is was worth my time to properly assemble , particularly after receiving no reply to my communication to the manufacturing company . I could have of course returned to Amazon , but thought the unit was salvageable . Hopefully some one will correct the contract manufacturer.Do not buy unless you have significant woodworking skills to correct errors . Some errors such as bad joint angle cutting can not be corrected .
 The chisels were hardly sharp at all , despite advertising that they were already sharpened .
 I bought this kit for electrical work . The sawzall wo n't cut through 3/4 inch conduit without binding and stopping the motor . When I put the same blade in an old DeWalt sawzall , it cuts through the pipe like it was butter . Save your money and get a Milwaukee or a DeWalt combo kit instead .
 I know that this blade will work , I am just not sure if it is actually possible to obtain one through amazon . About 5 months ago I ordered it the first time . They took so long to fill the order that THEY -LRB- amazon -RRB- canceled it ! I needed the blade , so I ordered it again and the order was filled this time , but when it arrived there was nothing in the box ! I emailed amazon to notify them of this problem . They said they would send another blade . the package arrived recently . It was another empty box ! Now I am getting emails from amazon that I am suppose to return the first blade that they `` replaced '' . I guess I will go down to the local hardware store -LRB- that I should have gone to to begin with , -RRB- so I can replace a blade I never recieved . Soon , I will probably have to replace this second blade . Nice .
 I purchased two initially when I built my house 3 year ago . Within 1-2 years the first one broke , and I thought my dog chewed it so I replaced it . Then I have one on the front porch away from dog or direct sunlight , and the button cracked and broke . I believe the internal light produced heat and made the button brittle and it just cracks . Now the one I replaced by the garage cracked again within 4-5 months . So I have bought 3 and will not waste anymore money .
 I had 4 of them . This doorbell push button on sun light site has working for 1 year , then wht button braked , and light out . Do not buy it !
 We ordered this workbench for our studio , thinking it would make a good , basic workstation for light woodworking . Every part of this bench is poorly made , and the shipping service was awful , too . The truck delivered the bench to the sidewalk outside our home , where the driver stood it up on end and asked for my signature . Now , this bench is long enough that when it was stood on end I could not see the top edge of the box . Once the driver had left and we tipped the box onto its long edge in order to move it , we saw the end of the box had printed on it `` do not stand on end '' . The packaging burst apart as soon as we tried to move it , spilling styrofoam and parts onto the sidewalk . The bench itself , once we set it up , was wobbly . Yes , we do know how to put furniture and workbenches together , and we did it right , it 's just that the legs are too lightweight to give any meaningful support . There is no stabilization across the front of the bench , and the top is a little thin panel of laminated strips with a thicker strip around the edges . Not stable , not sturdy , and the combination of a thin top with a thicker edge makes clamping workpieces difficult . Less than a year after buying this bench , we noticed that all four legs had developed deep cracks . And the wobbling had gotten worse . I tried to tighten up the bolts that hold the legs to the back pieces , only to find that each one of the connector nuts had split in two some time during the last few months . Split in two ? From what ? We do not live or work in a very extreme climate , nor had we subjected the bench to unreasonable use . We went to the hardware store and got connector nuts of a decent quality . Comparing the new nuts to the original ones , you can really see the difference . The ones we bought were $ .99 apiece , retail . How much money was saved in manufacturing by using sub-standard parts ? Would it really have added so much to the price of the bench?We basically use this bench for finishing . That , at least , does n't require too much stability . What a disappointment . Please save your money and look elsewhere for a workbench .
 This review is based on the advertised use of this product
 The description on Grizzly 's web site lists a thickness of 2 3/4 '' inches . This is the only thickness value listed . The actual thickness is 3/4 '' ! Many bench tops sold separately are 1 3/4 '' and plans for making your own often recommend 2 to 3 inches . I ca n't imagine how they can consider 3/4 '' adequate.Yes , it does say `` edge thickness '' on the site , but because they avoid listing the actual thickness of the top anywhere I am convinced that this is intentionally misleading . I was thrilled with my previous Grizzly purchase -LRB- a G0691 table saw -RRB- but now I may not purchase from them again . An honest product description could have prevented all this .
 I hated this product . I bought two , and I still have one wrapped up in the box because I hated it so much . The stand is utter crap . Useless . Will seek a better product . Sure , the light works , but that 's it .
 This product does what it says
 This light has a nice design . But , it has cheap plastic nuts for the adjustments . It arrived with one of the black knobs broken and the plastic lever that locks the adjustable stand broke while I was assembling the light . I used it for an hour and thirty minutes and one of the bulbs blew . Do n't expect much and be prepared to buy a lot of exspensive bulbs .
 The strainer would not let the water out . The product is poorly designed . Emailed customer service , but got no reply .
 I ordered this item from Opella in June , was told it was on backorder , started calling again in September , and kept getting different stories about whether it was or was not in stock , when they would receive another shipment , when they would fill my order , etc. , until I finally canceled the order in mid-October . I was very disappointed and frustrated in the entire interaction , and would not recommend Opella products to anyone I know .
 I bought this white opella sink strainer on line because I could not find one locally . I had it installed by a local plumber i trust and it would not drain . I called and e mailed opella and they were clearly not interested in helping , nor was the amazon approved vendor i bought it from . Call the plumber , pay him again and pay for another strainer -LRB- certainly not opella -RRB- Not a good experience .
 As you can see from the title , this was supposed to be a pack of 12 Mylar blankets . It contained only one . Thank you , Amazon , for very cooperatively refunding my money that I lost to this third-party seller .
 I received rescue blankets that are 54 '' x 84 '' aluminized non-stretch polyester instead of the advertised 62x82 mylar . I had purchased this item because of it 's high reviews and just hope they hold up when I really need them . Maybe I 'll use one and see how it holds up and update my review if it 's terrible .
 Much to my utter amazement , I received only 1 blanket , not 12 as advertised . Ironically , what I received is exactly what is shown in the picture , it 's just that the item is small , and not a package of multiple blankets.Why in the world would I pay $ 18.95 for a single blanket ???? Otherwise it 's a perfectly fine 62 '' x 82 '' mylar blanket , but I am amazed that I was charged for 12 , the descriptions says 12 , and I received 1 . If I could give 0 stars -LRB- or -1 stars -RRB- I would .
 No zero star rating available ? Too bad ... Listing calls this a 62 '' X 82 '' Mylar blanket.I note , upon arrival , that the packaging says 54 '' X 84 '' polyester.I use the listing info to make my buying decisions.Please , use enough care to be accurate .
 I found that this blade , even with a zero clearance insert can not give a chip free edge on the back side of melamine . I 'm returning it and getting a Forrest .
 YOU CAN NOT GET THE SAW THROUGH A 30 '' DOOR WHEN MOUNTED ON THE STAND . Everything else is great . So what ? I ca n't move it to the basement , from the garage into the house , into my storage room . The width is 29 '' at the wheels . Sounds good - if any of my doors opened 180 degrees and did n't have stop molding . In practice 27.5 '' should have been the design width they worked within . That should not have been difficult given the saw width is 25 '' . And do n't think you can just turn it side ways and slide it through . With the stand and blade guard installed -LRB- both require tools to remove -RRB- , the profile is more than 29 '' . You can wiggle it through but I doubt the plastic blade guard will survive too many attempts . The whole assembly is also very heavy and awkward when trying this.Don ' t underestimate how important this is . Only my front door is greater than 30 inches . Every other door is 30 '' .
 So what if it is easy to collapse if you have to carry the entire stand and saw to get it into a truck or up stairs.You can not get this up or down stairs using the wheels , unless you want to bang the stairs or drag the stand , scraping every surface that touches , especially bad on concrete , as the wheels are too small in diameter , go flat easily , were flat in the box even though it states they are inflated to 25psi , maybe they were . The valve stems are on the inside and hard to even get too . With the flat tires they will come off the rim and they are not easily re-seated . My Ridgid stand has no problems . The above black thinly painted bar , -LSB- most here have a padded handle -RSB- , to get it into a pickup bed will get scraped as again with the small wheels you are forced to drag it on the ground as you tilt it.A lot of assembly compared to similar stands . and the bolts are all too long and can catch . It is bulky in that when folded it sticks out unnecessarily , the non wheel end . You have to fold it up to move the saw , that is really a bad design , never had any stand require that . I would have never bought this except it came with the saw.This is NOT for a professional who needs portability , ok maybe in a home shop .
 It does everything it says , but I bent mine the second time I folded it up . I thought it was completely folded and when I let go it slammed the last six inches . The connection where the bottom -LRB- L shaped -RRB- legs slide into upper part is now bent , so the the saw and stand will tip over in the stored-upright position .
 Let me start of with my tablesaw model 315.228390 craftsman the tablesaw is heavy.That is why i bought the TS 2000stand . In the complete folded position the stand tips over.The bar should be longer to prevent this . So there goes the space safeing feature.furthermore i am a short person . there is no hight adjustment.basicly what i am saying the folding feature is useless for me . a solid stand would work just fine.bosch does not inform consumers that there are limitations with this stand . seriously thinking of returning it.HGW
 I bought this lamp hoping to use it as a reading lamp , but it was too small and definitely not bright enough for that . It took me several days to even find a bulb that fit and when i did find one , it was n't the correct bulb . Its very pretty , but that 's about it .
 maybe we got a lemon but for me the saw is almost unusable because of the dust control or more the lack of it , even with vacuum attached , the worst is mdf you ca n`t breathe the saw shoots huge amounts of dust right at you all the time , never saw something like this , by far the worst dust control i saw on a table saw , my old craftsman is far superiorand i am saying this as somebody who loves his other bosch tools
 As I am finding with most everything these days ; once again , the reputation of the name fools the buyer . 2006 I needed a new table saw . Prior to , I never had a need for a durable saw as I only did repair work and craft work . I needed a saw with a strong motor for long rip cuts ; dadoes ; some resawing of hardwood ; etc. . I did homework -- read reviews -- but I read the wrong reviews . I concentrated on reviews that compaired saws
 I placed an order with Ace Haredware Direct . The next day they canceled the order due to a `` pricing error '' caused by a `` computer glitch '' . They then offered me the same item at a much higher price . I would say it is probably a good saw , just do not buy from Ace Hardware Direct . Unless you like being the victim of a bait and switch operation .
 Used it for one month and motor went to half speed . Sent it back to factory for repair , then used it for another month and it did the same thing . Called repair center and asked if this is a problem ; he said it should n't do it that soon , but they do have problems with it . I used it on the jobsite where I have to use extension cords - do not purchase if you have to use extension cords .
 The saw and everything about it work great for me . BUT , our FIFTH saw -LRB- call me a fool -RRB- has just smoked IT 'S motor ALSO . I now have too many flower pots . It 's time to find a different brand , unless the next Bosch comes with a spare motor and a couple hours of my valuable time ... How about it BOSCH , can you do something about it ?
 I bought this saw for two main reasons . I like it compactness and the supposed accuracy of the rip fence and the self centering feature . I used my saw for the first time yesterday -LRB- after having verified all measurements for accuracy . Everything was fine except the rip fence did not self align . I followed the manual to adjust it and could not get it true to the blade . The fence , no matter at what distance from the blade was 1/16 '' to 1/8 '' off at the front of the fence when measured to the front and back of the blade . I am very discouraged and am considering returning the saw for a full refund .
 Our Co has purchased five of these saws over the past four years with the promise -LRB- from Bosch -RRB- each time that our recurrent problem had been fixed with the newer model . Well I 'm here to tell you that such is not the case . The crank that raises and lowers the blade is very smooth for a while but if you use this saw a lot you are in for a disappointing and costly repair . The crank shears the grooves on the opposing crank with makes it impossible to raise the blade without taking the saw off of the stand , turning it upside down on the ground and the turning the handle to achieve the desired height , and then turning the saw back over . Bosch has had so many problems with this issue that they now insert a separate , special page in the owners manual telling you how to avert this issue , I.E. clean off the cranks every time you use your saw.Me , for $ 650.00 I want a more user friendly saw and a more responsive manufacturer -LRB- we have always been on the hook to pay to have the saw fixed -RRB- . That being said , all my cordless stuff is Bosch and the quality of these is terrific .
 Bought my saw 2 years ago at amazon , thought it was the greatest thing ever , UNTIL last week . The motor quit and I 'm looking at at least half the price of a new saw . Too much money for a disposable saw . Bosch was no help either .
 When chosing this tool I did so contrary to other reviews . I have used Arrow staplers for over 30 years and they have always been very good . The ETFX 50 was the highest priced . I expected more . To the nuts and bolts . The tool is cheaply made and tinny . It jambs regularly . About two jambs per 1 stick of staples . You will need to keep a pair of vice grip pliers available to pull the jambed staples out of the machine . The tool does not drive the staples flush . The Stanley TRE 550 is just as good at a lot less money .
 I tested the stapler with 5 staples when I first received it . A few days later I used it and after only 2 staples it jammed ! I could not un-jam the stapler and had to finish the project using my old faithfull manual stapler . And to answer the customer service question here , YES I did use Arrow T50 staples !
 On the box there 's a big 14amp sign , but when you look closer , the stapler itself is actually 10amps . Why the trickery ? It seems to function alright , but the concept of truth in advertising demands a spanking here.There are other staplers out there that are electric and are much more capable , albeit more expensive , but this one already comes at a premium based on false advertising , so why bother?An update
 I purchased this item for back up about 7 month ago . I went to use the arrow electric staple and nail gun for the first time , it fired one time and it jamed . I spent about one hour to unjame it but had no luck ! what a waste of time ?
 it jams - the QC is poor - I had to make some adjustments to decrease the number of jams
 I bought this stapler , but it did not work . It would only eject one staple and then you had to play with it to get it to eject the next staple . I returned it for a full refund .
 Jams after 4-5 staples . Have n't gotten through one strip of staples yet . Thoroughly disappointed with this stapler . Am attempting to return it . Wish I 'd read reviews first .
 Bought this at a home Depot . The power was ok , but the design makes it easy to malfunction and hard to repair . Later , I bought a Stanley and it was great . It was easier to load , had a better safety features . Now the I compare the two , the Stanley blows the Arrow away .
 I bought this stapler based on the brand . I have had good experiences with Arrow in the past and my current manual stapler is very solid . I have a bunch of stapling to do , installing insulation in my attic . The stapler worked quite well for the first 200 or so staples , but then quit working . It would actuate , but the hammer would n't move . Turns out , the part that connects the electric plunger to the hammer broke . Upon inspection , it does n't look like a particularly good design -LRB- I 'm a mechanical engineer -RRB- . Other users do n't seem to have the problem , and I was very impressed with the stapler prior to its demise . Perhaps this was an anomaly.When I called Arrow , I thought they would send out a replacement part and I 'd be on my way again fairly quickly . Instead , they told me to contact the seller . I did , and Amazon very quickly sent me an RMA and mailing label . I 'm returning the tool and am not going to replace it .
 This machine is a case study in bad design . I wonder once again , if tool designers ever actually try using what they sell .1 . The gun jammed very frequently , particularly when new . Some WD40 and wear eventually helped , but I 'd still get a jam about every other stick of staples .2 . To clear a jam required a screwdriver , wrench or nutdriver , and often a pliers . You have to remove a small bolt and nut - why they could n't have just threaded the slide I have no idea . So do n't try it up on a ladder or such where you can drop those pieces and lose them .3 . You ca n't see how many staples are left in the gun . A simple window in the side of the magazine would be great . A real PITA when going working on a ladder , holding something above your head and ... damn , out of staples .4 . To add staples you have to completely remove the slide mechanism from the machine , find someplace to put it , then slide the staples in . Note point above - if there are two many staples left in the machine -LRB- which you ca n't see -RRB- , you wo n't be able to close the slide and will have to remove some .5 . It frequently overdrove 3/8 '' staples when hanging insulation . Punched them right through the paper . No reason or pattern apparent and no adjustment possible .6 . It outright died after hanging only about 300 ft ^ 2 of insulation . Just stopped working . And I was glad to see it go so I could return the carcass and get something better.I replaced this with the Powershot Pro from Home Depot for about $ 15 less . It is much better on all of the above counts - well , ca n't comment on longevity yet , it 's done about 300 ft ^ 2 so far also . Only 1 jam in that time - popped the slide with one hand , and it cleared .
 I 'm an avid diy'er and purchased one these at the local home center about one year ago . I have primarily used this for insulation and cathedral ceiling baffles . When it decides to work ... there is no finer tool for the job . The trigger pull is awesome and there is absolutely no hand fatigue after hours of use . BUT ... lately it only fires when it feels like it . It may shoot five staples perfectly , and then die for the next 20 trigger pulls -- extremely frustrating , especially when standing on a 12 ' ladder . Unfortunately the warranty is only 90 days ; I think for the price they charge it should be at least a year.Some other notes ... You 'll need a decent extension cord -LRB- 12gauge or better -RRB- ; it does n't run so well on light-gauge cords -- the staples will not sink flush . I also wish the magazine/clip that holds the staples was longer ; it goes empty real quick -- at least it use to ... when it fired properly ... Now I 'm using the Arrow staple hammer , which I love . It is very fast and holds twice the staples , but it 's not nearly as precise as the FX50 and often tears the vapor barrier ...
 I only used this item for a short time on soft wood and it quit suddenly . Name brands do n't seem to be a guarantee of quality any longer . Every purchase becomes a risk to your time and money.April 25 , 2009 update
 It simply does n't work - right out of the box . I pull the trigger and get a little click , but nothing strong enough to drive a staple . I 'm returning this dog and reading the online reviews before I invest in another power stapler .
 company motto is this stape gun is jam proof . . well i used for the first time ... Guess what it jammed . . I mean JAMMED . . i WAS NOT GOING TO TALE IT A PART ... THEY GIVE YOU A DETAILED INSTUTION 'S . . ON HOW TO TAKE IT APART . . NOT FOR ME ... I RETURNED THE JAM ONE FOR A NEW ONE . . P.S , I FOUND OUT YOU CAN ONLY PUT A SINGLE STAPLE ROW THAT IS CONNECTED . . NEVER USE LIKE THREE SMALLER ROW OF STAPLE 'S TOGETHIER ... GOOD LUCK WITH YOURJAM PROFF STAPLE GUN . .
 If you have a lot of stapling to do , a manual gun can really start to hurt your hands . I had been using a manual gun , and decided to give this electric one a try . I keep alternating b/n the two , but I think the manual one is easier to use and the staples are much flatter . I think this gun would be great if the part you pressed used your whole hand , like the manual one . Instead , you have to press the gun with only 2 fingers and it 's pretty tough , especially after you 've been doing it a while . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this stapler b/c driving a lot of staples at once by hand can be tiring . Included with the Arrow ETFX50 Stapler
 Have been thru 4 of these doing insulation in my attic over the past 2 1/2 years . Unfortunately , I always seem to misplace the receipt so i can not return it . None were bought thru Amazon . Only reason I buy it is because it 's all Ive found locally that will fit where I need it to . I had an Arrow mechanical stapler for 30 years before it gave out . Thought Arrow stood for quality , but I was wrong .
 Constantly jams , weak . I have one of the spring hand powered staplers that is stronger . This thing might be ok for stapling cheesecloth to cardboard , if you do n't mind the constant jams . From my experience , pneumatic Surebonder 9600 is the way to go . I have a Hitachi pneumatic construction stapler for the big stuff , that is also fantastic .
 I was very disappointed with this stapler . Jams constantly and difficult to unjam . One day I had to unjam after every staple , with no evidence of any problems . Staple loading system is very cumbersome compared to my old Stanley , which had a simple flip out bottom for loading . Avoid .
 I purchased this primarily to use while installing insulation . It never drove the staples consistently . There is no depth adjustment . And it failed after only a dozen rolls of insulation were installed.I highly recommend that you do NOT purchase this item .
 This staple gun could not even put staples through a thin sheet of OSB . Whenever I tried to put the staples through the ceiling tiles and OSB the staples would just bend and hardly penetrate the OSB . The staples went through the ceiling tiles okay , but they were made from a very soft material . When I tried using the gun on the plain OSB they hardly penetrated and bent . There is nothing heavy duty about this thing .
 as the other reviews stated , my electric stapler lasted 10 minutes out of the box . they just havent figured out how to make them work yet . use the manual stapler
 Heavy-duty my a ** . This stapler wo n't drive through 1/8 '' tempered hardboard -LRB- MDF , basically -RRB- , and even in plywood about 50 % of the staples are crooked or bent over . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 I was looking for an automatic stapler to upholster kitchen chairs . The arrow website directed me to this model . I was using 3/8 '' staples and the stapler stopped working after two rows of staples . Amazon did a great job replacing it with a new one . I reduced the staple to a 1/4 '' -LRB- not happy I had to do this -RRB- in an attempt to put less strain on the stapler . It works better but I have had to totally disassemble the thing when it jams which is often . This is not an acceptable stapler for upholstering . It may be fine driving into pine such as installing insulation . Besides the jamming many staples do not drive straight in and are in effective in holding material in place . I have gotten used to removing these staples and redoing it until I get one to drive in straight.I should have purchased a pneumatic stapler .
 The stapler quit working after less than 500 staples . I took it apart and I think something on the circuit board failed . I can hear the micro-switch clicking but nothing happens . Prior to the total failure the stapler was jamming frequently . I was using Arrow T-50 5/16 '' staples .
 I bought this stapler and was happy at first . Then , as with another review , it just stopped working . I was working in my crawl space and having to get into difficult positions , pull the trigger and then ... nothing , nothing . Would work and then , not work . Took it back and exchanged it . New one , same thing . Buy it if you like to pull triggers with no effect . If you need to get something done look for something else .
 I purhcased this to staple chicken wire to a cage I was building and it could n't even make it through a couple of boxes of staples . I 'm sitting here looking at a job that should have been done hours ago but after repeated jams the stapler finally got to the point where it was jamming more than working . I gave up on it . Look elsewhere !
 I 'm starting to wrap canvas prints around pine wood stretcher bars , so I needed a staple gun . My dad has an Arrow manual staple gun he bought 30 + years ago and I have borrowed it many times and used it extensively when hanging insulation in my house . Never a problem , no jams , no misfires.Assuming Arrow built quality products , I purchased this Arrow ETFX50 to do this job but splurged to get an electric unit to hopefully reduce the muscle fatigue of having to squeeze a manual staple gun.Having purchased genuine Arrow T-50 staples for this stapler , I loaded the unit up and started wrapping canvases . Within the first couple of staple shots , the unit jammed . I quickly learned how to remove a screw to release the lower mechanism to clear the jam . Okay , figured that was a fluke . Continued on . Jammed again within 1-5 staples . Repeat.This is a theory , but I noticed that the solid bar of staples I inserted were disintegrating into smaller pieces , which were having a harder time staying straight at the end -LRB- where the bar hits to fire the staple -RRB- and they are getting out of alignment and jamming . I 'm not sure if the issue is the units design or the glue for the staples is n't strong enough.I wondered if it was just my unit , but having read countless other reviewers on Amazon and other websites report the exact same problems , I realized this was a serious flaw -LRB- either with the unit or the staples themselves -RRB- . This is not a tool . It is a waste of money , time , and embarrassment to Arrow for not testing this unit further and fixing the problems . Do yourself a favor
 I purchased this staple gun at my local Lowes . Arrow has been around for a long long time . I thought I could n't go wrong with that name . Wrong . For every 8 or 10 good shots it would jam . Worse , there is no EASY way to clear the jam . I understand it can be taken apart but not quickly or easily . But you should n't have to . My theory is that the impact from each shot breaks apart the glued together line of staples in the magazine and then they get whopperjawed and cause a jam . When holding a line of staples in your hand , you have to be very careful to not break them.I would not recommend this staple gun to anyone .
 i 'm not a carpenter , do n't do anything that resembles construction , so i thought this item would be perfect for reupholstering a chair i owned . the fabric was tapestry , admittedly a little on the thick side , but upholstery material , not boat sails or anything . the chair seat that the staples were being put into was a medium hardness wood . a chair , that 's all . a chair . the stapler jammed about every third staple . could n't push the 1/4 inch staple through the fabric and into the wood . the staples bent and popped out , then jammed . the process to unjam this thing is unbelievable . you have to take the whole thing apart , rescrew it back and then do it again when it jams , some three or four staples later . and i found it tricky to load the staples . it never really comfortably took a whole line , had to break it in half and staple a few times , then reload . terrible time waster . and i 'm annoyed that i bought it at lowe 's for 49.99 , when it sells so much cheaper on amazon . wo n't ever make that mistake again . i 'm trying to call arrow and see if i ca n't get it running again - i want that chair done!ammended
 This staple gun was used easily and was not abused . I only ran 5000 3/8 `` staples through this in less than 1 year.It died a sudden death for no apparent reason . I chose to buy one of a lesser quality at half the cost for the replacement.It 's good enough to finish what I have to do .
 I bought this stapler to save on time and fatigue for a canvas project requiring 300 staples.A stapler is such a simple product that it either works or it does n't . In this case the ETFX50 does n't work well enough to warrant replacing a manual T50 stapler.Cons : - jams too often and you fight to open the staple pusher assembly - trigger lacks positive feel - can not fire staples quickly , during `` recharge phase '' trigger does nothing - sharp edged trigger lock rubs against your thumb - cord is too heavy as others have commented - worst of all , with all this power 10A + , staples still do n't sit flush
 My older model Arrow Fastener started firing intermittently so I chalked it up to age and bought a new one . The same thing happened after just an hour of use . Pull the trigger and nothing . It did n't last long enough to jam . Never again .
 I was so excited to get this stapler , the one we had before was having difficulty piercing the ply wood . I was planning on using this stapler for upholstering some simple projects . However the Arrow stapler does not agree with that and jams every other staple ! So , frustrating ! I will not be buying this brand ever again . I agree with another unsatisfied customer , if I could give it 0 stars I would .
 I went right by the directions , but it would designate that I was center stud , and my nails would go right through the drywall , finding nothing behind it . Do n't waste your time and money on this piece of junk .
 It looks like a lot of people did n't RTFM before reviewing but I still feel like mine 's a little too hit or miss to be worthwile , particularly in an old Chicago apartment that 's probably had one too many layers of paint on it without a good stripping . But it 's not exactly an arm and a leg either . It might be helpful if your walls are n't overly demanding . I think mine probably are . I found myself tap-tapping instead and then checking -LRB- and hoping -RRB- that it detects AC more easily than studs . I 'm hoping that Milwaukee m12 scanner is n't an arm and a leg when it finally releases because I would like something like this that works reliably and sensibly . The interface and feedback are kind of crummy too . So yeah , it 's not an arm and a leg but I would have gotten more out of a pizza and some beers .
 Thirty-five bucks for a stud finder with a lively imagination ! It 'll cost more than that to repair the wall damage .
 This is the first stud finder I 've owned and unfortunately , I 'm not impressed . The unit fails to locate studs where I know they exist and is marginal at best in locating other studs behind dry wall .
 I purchased this for my husband and he did not like all the bells and whistles ... too complicated for him .
 ... went back to `` knocking , '' as I was getting false positives all over the wall . As a previous reviewer stated , insulated or , in my case , townhouse ` party wall systems ' seem to give bad readings with this $ 29.98 paperweight . Hopefully I 'll be able to return it.As for the `` AC Sensor , '' I am framing an area in the garage where I plan to build my work bench ... wiring an outlet ... put a piece of sheetrock up and tried to detect the AC , which was hot ... detected it about 3 feet away ... and nothing over the wiring ... food for thought .
 I bought this nailer for light moulding work in a mobile home . It was not worth my trip to home depot . It will not penetrate the wood I had to use a punch to finish them .
 I had this nailer for about 3 months and it went dead . I replaced it with another one and after ten nails it also stopped working . It was dead and began to over heat . Do n't waste your money .
 Without a doubt , I have spent more time un-jamming this nail gun then I have spent using it . I have had it since Dec. 2010 and cuss it out every time I use it . Most often it is not worth the trouble and I use regular nails and a hammer . The name `` Arrow '' has come to mean poor quality to me .
 Got this from HD and it worked fairly good for an afternoon . When it was working I still had to use a nailset to bury the 5/8 '' in soft pine , regardless of whether I held the nailer firmly with both hands . I figured that was ok considering the price of the gun . But then it started misfiring and then reapeatedly jamming.After a lot of frustration I took it back and exchanged it for a new one . I really wanted this to work!Sadly , the second one performed just like the first one , and I ended up buying some brad nails and hammered them in to finish my project.Good thing HD is close and they do refunds cuz this is going back .
 Awefull product ! Bought one and had to return it Puts the nail halfway through the wood and bought a more expensive one and does the same thing . The whole point is to not have to use a hammer
 Owned this nail gun for a few years and used it on a couple of projects , with reasonably good results , until it quit on me yesterday while I was working on baseboard trim . No jams , no heavy use , nothing like that - I just felt a faint smell of burnt plastic at some point , and next time I pulled the trigger , nothing happened . I took it apart , tested the solenoid with my multimeter and it appeared to be fine , and the smell was coming from the little circuit board actually , which somehow makes it worse , since it was probably a 15 cent component that rendered a $ 50 power tool useless . The circuit board is covered with epoxy making access to individual components impossible , and I just do n't have the time to try and repair it anyway , so will probably just toss it . Do n't think I 'll buy another electric nail gun either , power tools and cheap electronics just do not work together . And the electronics have to be cheap to keep the cost down -LRB- this is a glorified hammer , not an audiofile grade amplifier -RRB- , so it would not surprise me if other manufacturers of these things have similar problems.P.S . Just wanted to be fair and comment on complaints that it does n't drive the nails all the way in - it does , but it depends on where it is plugged in , or rather what else is plugged in on the same line . I 'm sure an electrical engineer could offer a theory on why that is , but if you plug it in to the same line a big appliance is sitting on , you 'll always have nails sticking out . I 've had the best results with kitchen / bathroom GFCIs that are separate from other lines .
 Do not waste your money or time buying this item , it will not last . We purchased one from Amazon to put up pine trim in our kitchen . It shot 6 brads before malfunctioning and did not work again . We then purchased a replacement at a local home improvement store , so we could finish our project and the same thing happened . Our kitchen lights flickered each time we pulled the trigger , as well . Total piece of junk . We wasted our time and money , buy a real nail gun or use a hammer , you will have a better result .
 I used this POS with the longest nails available . I was taking my time and lining up some moulding in between each shot . I drove approximately 15 nails . I used a yellow heavy gauge outdoor extension cord out of the garage where nothing else drew power . I lost the receipt but the store exchanged it for a new one . THAT new one died roughly the same way . Scared to buy a new gun . Do n't know which one will live ! I do n't need it enough to go Pneumatic , you know ?
 Sometimes , a product is so well designed , so well made , and fulfills its function so beautifully , that it is a joy to own . While not one of these products , this one looks so capable and fails so completely that it enhances the experience of owning something that really does work . It comes in a terrific case that has little slots for all the brad sizes the gun can accommodate . The case has a slot for the instruction sheet and the gun fits so well , it 's actually possible to get it back into the case . So , 5 stars to the case . In fact , opening the case and looking at this tool and the marvel of organization this setup is , I was confident that I could nail a thin strip of molding to a fence . But I could n't . The nails would n't go through the 1/4 inch molding.Since the brads this thing shoots are so fragile , I had a hard time hammering them into the wood without bending them . What this thing did do well is hold the brads , keeping me from dropping them into the weeds ; and setting them , keeping me from hammering my fingers . It also makes a great tool noise.I should have read the other reviews before buying this thing . I have no standards for workmanship , unless it 's important enough for me to pay someone competent to do it . So , I 'll keep this thing and use it . I 'll just keep firing , hammering , and bending as many brads as it takes to hold something in place . If it really matters , I 'll hire somebody who knows how to do it . Also , I 'll already have the tool if I 'm ever faced with the need to nail Jello to sheetrock .
 I bought this nail gun to use to install base molding and do some light cabinet work . The nail gun was not powerful enough to sink the 5/8 '' brad nails or the 1 1/4 '' brad nails completely into trim or pieces of dimensional pine . The gun left most nails about 1/16 '' above the surface requiring a nail set to set them completely . Additionally , the nails tended to bend when set by hand . I would not recommend this product for any use .
 I agree with the review above . The tool needs more power . I work on oak , and can not get the 1 '' or 1 1/4 '' brads to penetrate fully . I tried 2 hands and putting my weight into it , but still no good . The nails are very difficult to set by hand as they bend easy . When I tried to remove the brad , it would snap in half ! Very disappointing , since the tool appears to be good quality and it never jams.I contemplated buying a pneumatic nail gun or a cordless nailer . The pneumatic is cumbersome and the cordless is expensive . I 'm going back to using my nail spinner , hammer , and nail set .
 I spent an hour trying to figure out what I was doing wrong , even called arrow customer service to find the power adjustment that I just could not see . The agent was kind enough to tell me that they had never gotten a complaint about the ET200 . Yeah right . DO N'T waste your time with this Piece Of Shnot . I would be surprised if it could drive the smallest of nails into balsa wood .
 This was an impulse purchase , as I am installing a simple baseboard . It will be an impulse return . If you bought this , take it back . If you are thinking of buying it , do n't bother.This product worked for all of 5 minutes before it stopped . The nails stuck out 1/4 '' . Read the other colorful reviews . This is not worth your time or money !
 To begin with , there 's not much to choose from out there . If you want an electric gun that shoots both staples and brad nails , these only fit nails up to 9/16 . This ET200 is the only one I found which will hold a longer 1.25 inch brad but no staples.So I bought the Arrow ET200 yesterday , thinking Arrow 's been in the business for a long time and make perfectly decent manual staplers so they should have this down by now . Electricity is not new technology , Arrow must have come up with a very good product here.WRONG !! I read all the instructions , properly loaded the inch and quarter brad nails , plugged in the unit , released the safety switch , firmy placed the gun against the pine wood work surface to be fastened and pulled the trigger.Not only did the nail not fully penetrate the soft wood but , the unit failed to fire another nail upon pulling the trigger again . All I got was a clicking sound but no power . I thought I must have a jammed nail -LRB- very disappointing after the very first use -RRB- . I followed all the directions for clearing a jammed nail but there was n't one . Everything seemed to be in perfect working order but the gun just would do nothing when I pulled the trigger . It seemed as if the unit was getting no power . I checked the plug , the outlet , went to other working outlets in the house ... still nothing.Today I returned the item to the store thinking I must have gotten a defective unit . I exchanged it for a new one , brought it home , checked it thoroughly , read the directions again , proceeded to load nails and use as directed . The same thing as yesterday happened . One nail shot about 3/4 of the way into the soft pine and then the gun quit working . No power , just a click from the trigger . No jammed nail , no defective parts , no nothing . The unit does absolutely nothing . I ca n't figure out what 's wrong . There must be something I 'm overlooking but I 've looked over and over and re-read the meager instructions and nothing ! That 's two in a row
 If you want to spend your weekend basking in endless frustration , then this is the product for you . Otherwise , I would recommend that you avoid the ET200 electric nail gun.Like most here , I needed to put up molding -LRB- base and crown -RRB- , did not own a compressor , and did n't want to damage the molding by hammering manually . This seemed like the perfect item ... until I used it . I shot a total of 5 nails - each went in half way and one actually jammed the `` jam free '' mechanism.The model that I had was the version 2 , which some claim is more powerful . If this was the high powered version , I can only guess that with version 1 the nails just fell out the front.After this wonderful experience , I packed it all back up and returned it to the store . For a little bit more , I found a Porter Cable nail gun , `` pancake '' compressor , and hose kit -LRB- that even came with nails ! -RRB- . It was a great deal and I did the whole job in less than 1 hour - a highly recommended joy to use and worth every extra penny -LRB- model
 I was looking for a reasonalbly priced brad nailer to put down some quarter round molding . An electric model seemed a good choice - cost-effective and easy to carry around . I purchased the ET200 at my local home improvement store , and to second the opinion of other reviewers - what an awful product!Before I got started , I tried out the nailer with a scrap piece 3/4 '' quarter round molding . Attempting to fasten it to the baseboard with a 1 1/4 '' brad left atleast 1/2 '' of the brad sticking out . -LRB- This was Pergo molding , real soft stuff - my backsaw went through it like a hot knife through butter -RRB- . Just to confirm the shoddy performance , I also tested it with a block of soft wood -LRB- the kind you can easily dent with a fingernail , probably pine -RRB- , again with the same result - atleast 1/2 '' of the brad was left in the air . This was with a good part of my body weight bearing down on the workpeice as I pulled the trigger.Luckily , I had also purchased a tube of Liquid Nails adhesive along with the nailer , and the adhesive alone got the job done just fine.Next time I tackle a job that absolutely requires a brad or finish nailer , I will invest in a air tool and compressor.The ET200 is going back to the store .
 I got one of the second generation of these at Lowe 's to put in some shelf trim . I found it only drove 5/8 '' brads about halfway into the trim , as has been pointed out in reviews before . I do n't mind sinking them manually , though , so that was okay . What was NOT okay is that the gun stopped working and popped the circuit breaker after a hundred brads or so , as has also been pointed out here.I figured that , since nothing could be worse than the Arrow ET200 , I would go generic to finish the project . To this end , I bought the `` Task Force '' brand brad gun that was fifteen bucks cheaper than the Arrow and came with a free electric stapler to boot . I was surprised to find that with gentle pressure the Task Force gun slammed 5/8 '' brads all the way into the maple trim , while with no pressure it 'd leave them sticking out a little . There was no way I could have made the Arrow do that . Also , the Task Force gun is still working well a few thousand brads in . The `` no-mar '' plastic tip has long since fallen off , but that 's the only problem I 've had with it.Arrow can just stick to making staples for all I care ; I 've had it with their brad guns ! If Task Force can outdo your product with one hand tied behind its back , then , well , you should n't be making that product .
 This tool is completely useless even for those who would use the smallest of brads for the weakest of jobs . I believe the one gentleman who gave it a good review and said it was `` VERY POWERFUL '' must be a spokesman for the company because I assure you it 's a `` VERY WEAK PRODUCT '' .
 Other 's have had almost exactly the same experience . It fired four brads and then quit dead . None of the brands were set but had to be hammered in . I thought maybe the outlet suddenly bad , so I tried it in another outlet . Then I took out the brads and checked to be sure there was no jam and it still did n't work . It just plain up and died after four shots ! I think there was some sort of electrical malfuntion within the unit because the handle got very warm even though it was not being used.So my advice is to avoid this product .
 This does n't rate a star in that it will not seat even 5/8 inch nails in cedar .
 I bought this nailer at a local home depot only because the reviews were n't good and I figured if it did n't work well I could quickly bring it back ... Good thing I did . I bought it along with one box of each of the size brads it used . Took it out of the case , and figured I 'd try out the longest brads -LRB- 1 1/4 '' -RRB- figuring if they worked , it was good to go . I tried it on a peice pine -LRB- soft wood -RRB- . I was n't able to get one brad all the way into the wood . There was typically 1/4 '' of the brad left to be hammered in . No matter how I tried it just would n't sink the brad . So , I immediately took it back . Too bad , I 'd love it if it just worked !
 I am sorry that I did not read the other reviews before purchasing this item . I would not even give this one star for a rating . The first one I had worked fine through one loading of brads . The following day , I loaded it again and got one shot out of it , then nothing.I returned it and got another one . This time it made it through one and a half lines of brads , laid it down to do something else , smelled something burning , looked at the nailer and there was smoke coming out of it . I was n't even using it at the time . So I will be returning this one for a refund . Arrow staplers have been around longer than I can remember and I 'm 53 years old and they have always had quality products . They really need to do something about this gun . It is not only junk , what if I had been in another room for a longer time and a fire had started ? It needs to be removed from the shelves as a safety hazard .
 I read the other reviews on this gun , but I thought the flaws in the product line might have been fixed by now , so I bought one last night . Today , May 5 , 2007 , I loaded the gun , shot one 5/8 '' brad nail , and the gun would n't fire again . I smelled the odor of electrical shorting in the gun 's coil and realized that the gun I had just put my trust -LRB- and time and money -RRB- into was exactly like the other reviewers had tried to point out to me - JUNK ! I will making another trip to the hardware store to buy an air powered gun this time . My apologies to the other people who tried to warn me .
 How could Arrow actually release this product and make money on it ? I just fired 4 brads and the gun went up in smoke ! Literally ! I opened up the gun and the inside was charred . I 'm clearly returning it .
 Folks , only purchase this FASTNER GUN if you intend on ATTEMPTING to fasten jello to a very soft piece of balsa wood and even then you should have your hammer close at hand !! You will be driving every brad to flush -LRB- the hole idea behind shooting brads is to not have a hammer mark , the brads are supposed to drive slightly below -LSB- say 1/32 inch -RSB- and should not have to use a punch to drive them below wood surface -RRB- to wood surface without using a punch . BEWARE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Arrow Fastener ET200 Heavy Duty Electric Nail Gun , shoots up to 1 1.4-Inch Brads9
 SIMPLY PUT THE STAPLER WAS DEFECTIVE FROM THE GET GO-FROM A SHOULDER HEIGHT ARM EXTENDED IT WOULD SHOOT A STAPLE 4 FEET-WOULD NOT EVEN COME CLOSE TO PENETRATING WOOD . THEN IT JAMMED . I COULD HAVE PURCHASED A CHEAPER MODEL WHICH WAS MADE IN CHINA-I OPTED FOR THE MORE EXPENSIVE AMERICAN MADE MODEL ?
 I bought2 of these items at home depot to add new base boardsand casings around my doors . Had to punch throughabout 1/2 '' moldings . Worked fine until both siezed-upproduct can `` t handle 1 '' brads.Glad to see it yankedof shelves at home depot
 I have attempted to use 2 different Arrow ET200 so called `` heavy duty '' nail guns and neither would work consistently . The first jammed after about 12 brads were placed . The second jammed after the first brad . Unjamming these poorly built tools is a task itself . I am ultra careful in how I treat tools and I read the instructions carefully , yet this tool is rotten.They are not worth the down time and the headaches to use . My advise is to skip this poorly built Arrow ET200 tool .
 I purchased my ET200 nail gun to do some molding and other light work while having my kitchen remodeled . I read the instructions , simple enough . So I did some practice nailing before doing the floor molding . I started with the 1.25 '' nails . The first few shots left the nail exposed about .25 '' . Okay , press down harder , no difference . Try a softer wood , still left with .25 '' exposed nail . So I reviewed the instructions , nothing there . Lets try the web page . Nice looking site but a serious lack of help . The FAQs ' were canned to sell accessories . No real product support . I tried some smaller one inch nails and pretty much the same problem , but those 5/8 '' nail gets driven in almost flush . I took the first back and tried another . It goes back tomarrow .
 ok for very light use . i would save the money and purchase a better quality one and pay alittle more next time around . i will proubly sellthis one .
 Bought one of these gizmos about 6 months ago to put up some crown molding . Since you need to use 2 hands to drive the nails -LRB- if you do n't every nail will bend at about the halfway mark -RRB- you always need two people to install molding . It was a small job & I was able to get it done but still had to set about 1/2 the nails manually . Pulled it out again this week to insall some 1/4 rounds & it quit working after about a dozen nails were driven halfway into the wood . Since it was too late to return the defective T200 & being the enterprising person I am , I decided to go & purchase the same exact model & then return the old one with the current receipt . Arrow outsmarted me , the new T200 quit working after I put up 3 short pieces of 1/4 round . I think it burned up as I could smell an odor coming from the gun . Will be returning the new T200 asap . I would avoid this item unless you are looking for a painfull experience .
 Its a shame that there is n't a rating below 1 star for this nailer . I would n't mind terribly that it does n't countersink or that it is so underpowered that a 1 inch brad wo n't completely penetrate soft pine , but it would be nice if it would fire more than 13 nails before it completely dies . It advertises a nail penetration dial that does not exist . Arrow should really be ashamed of this product .
 I tried FOUR of these . They are junk . They burn out and stop firing after one or two rows of brads . I kept returning them , thinking Arrow is such a well known name they ca n't be all bad . Two of them stop working after less than 20 nails . I ca n't believe Arrow is selling these . They are ruining their reputation .
 I purchased this product to apply 1/4 inch pine wainscot boards . It could not fully shoot a 1-inch brad through the pine board into the backing materials . I had to finish each brad by hand with a hammer and nail set.Now the real reason to avoid this fastener -- it 's a piece of junk . The unit failed after shooting the 19th brad . It was totally inoperable after less than 15 minutes of use . It 's dead . It 's going back to Lowe 's for a cash refund .
 Bought this at home depot to attach 1/4th inch baseboards . Nails would barely break the surface and was nearly impossible to hammer the nails in to finish because they nails are so thin .
 My experience with this product was very poor . We bought it at Home Depot and it just stopped working after about two dozen nails . We exchanged it for a new one , which gave off a puff of smoke and died after one use.I would not recommend it .
 Bought one of these ET200s , used it for a half a row of nails . So far so good as it had good power and left less than 1/8 '' to countersink . Then it died . Took it back to exchange for a new one , thinking we just got a `` bad '' egg . The new one worked for all of 5 minutes . Unbelieveable ! I was using it on soft composite/pine moulding , had it plugged directly into an outlet -LRB- e.g. no flimsy extension cord -RRB- , was using Arrow brand brads , was pushing on the head as instructed . Also took it apart as instructed and found no jammed brads . What 's the problem ? Should n't have to be a professional carpenter to make this work . Junk . We borrowed a neighbor 's Black and Decker last year , which is n't as forceful but got the job done ... I 'm on my way to buy one now . Will throw this Arrow in the trash on the way out .
 Pros : - More convenient than an air gun . - Brads are available at most hardware storeCons : - As the previous reviewer states , it is woefully underpowered . - The power is not adjustable . - Very prone to jam . - Hard to adjust . Two small screws tighten or loosen the nail head . A tad too tight and the brads do n't make it out -LRB- they jam -RRB- . A tad too loose , about a quarter turn out from too tight , and the brad skips out of the nail head guide channel , causing a jam . Just right works for a while , but then it jams for no apparent reason . - Noisy - Mars foam trim , even with the plastic guard on . - The safety slide is right where you grip the trigger , so the safety easily moves even when you do n't want it to , preventing firing . That mainly happens if you 're on a ladder , twisted to get the gun into a corner , and you finally get it positioned and pull the trigger ... which does n't move . Aaaaargh!Owning this brad gun is like owning a boat . I was very happy when I bought it , and will be even happier when get rid of it .
 You 'd have more success pushing nails in with your thumb than you will with this product . Concur with the other negative reviews listed . Am writing this to inform the general populace that as of June 2008 - the unit is STILL as bad as the earlier reviews indicate . Ours lasted for 15-20 1 in nails installing pine trim . I 've spent the better part of the day trying new outlets , new nails , and cleaning the unit to no avail.It 's too late for me . Learn from my mistake and save yourself !
 I have used the ET200 Arrow nail gun and it has NEVER driven a nail in all the way . I have tried differnet methods of holding the gun to the wood and it still never works right . I am a woodworker who has used a wide variety of tools and it is the worst tool I own.John
 In much the same vein as other folks ' reviews , I would n't bother again with this tool or the Arrow brand . I bought the tool , which looked returned , from Home Depot . Came home , plugged it in , nothing . I kept thinking that I was forgetting something and kept checking electrical outlet , nails , etc but nothing , it was just dead from the store .
 I bought this item - the most expensive version sold by Lowes - thinking it would surely work best and have no troubles . I foolishly banked on the Arrow name . The gun fired three 1 '' brads then did absolutely nothing . Only one of the three brads penetrated the plastic baseboard and drywall into a pine 2X4 . I was sure that I was the problem , but the instruction manual had no trouble-shooting section and gave no hints.I did n't have time to fool with this thing , so drove 65 mile to Lowes -LRB- again -RRB- and exchanged it for another one . Same model - same result . It fired three -LRB- 3 -RRB- brads then NOTHING . Still sure it must be my fault I turned to internet reviews only to find that this experience is common and the tool is JUNK.Tomorrow I will drive 65 miles to Lowes -LRB- 3rd time -RRB- and return it , but I won ' t get cash back because it takes Lowes 2 weeks to figure out if my originak check was good - even though I spent $ 6000 . dollars there in the last 2 months .
 There is n't a conceivable use for this product . I could n't find a pice of wood that this gun could penetrate with me putting all my weight behind it . I honestly believe that my desktop stapler fires with more power . Shame on me for not reading the reviews .
 Even though it accepts brads up to 1.25 '' , it wo n't drive them more than .5 '' into soft pine . It 's pretty useless , really .
 My husband received this nail gun as a gift over a year ago . We finally got around to using it this weekend . We carefully read the instructions and purchased Arrow brand 1 '' nails for our baseboard and chair rail project.I think he got 24 nails into the baseboards by the time the thing stopped working completely . Then smoke started coming out of it , and it made a weird humming sound when it was plugged in.He then went online and found tons of reviews saying the motor had completely fried after hardly any use for many other people . We had to finish the baseboards and chair rail molding with a hammer - and I must say the hammer is still going strong.I 'd also like to make a comment on the $ 7 worth of nails -LRB- one box -RRB- we bought for this stupid thing . They came with white colored heads - so you are n't supposed to need to touch up the boards after . Well the white comes off completely so do n't bother . Now we have no nail gun and $ 6.75 worth of completely useless nails . Of course the warranty is expired , but let this be a warning to you . Buy another brand . This company does not make a quality product and you will be disappointed if you buy it .
 The first one worked okay for the first row and a half of brads -LRB- worked okay meaning I had to tap the last 1/16 to 1/8 '' of brad in by hand -RRB- after that it would n't work at all . After exchanging it for a new one , the new one fired 6 brads and stopped working . The company said they do n't get many complaints about that product and that the store must have bought a bad batch of products . How could they not get many complaints if the entire batch is bad ?
 It was refurbished . I should have known the price was too good to be true . Too late to return it , according to the Amazon return rules , so I guess it goes in the trash . Sometimes it will start , but once I set it face down to sand , it just stops . Not very powerful , either , much like a 5 inch , so I 'll buy a stronger one next time . But maybe not a Bosch .
 I 've had this sander for about a year . I purchased this based on the many glowing reviews . In general , this is a high quality unit . The spin-break went out almost immediately . The spin-break is the thing that keeps the sanding disc from spinning out of control . I 'm hoping that they get this unit back to me soon as I need a 6 inch for work around the house.The reviews stating that the unit sands smoothly as well as the dust collection are accurate . I highly recommend the thin vacuum hose if this item is purchased . Regardless , if the sander does n't get fixed , it 's not much use .3 year update ... I received the unit back from repair , and the sanding disc started spinning out of control almost immediately . I sent this item back to the factory for repair , so there should be no question of who was working on it . I still have the sander but simply ca n't use it like this . Did I get a lemon ??
 I bought this sander to refinish the perimeter of my hardwood floor . I bought # 's 40 , 60 & 100 disks , however , even the # 40 disk did not take the old finish off . This sander probably would be okay for small jobs .
 I bought both Rigid and bosch at same time and could not compare apples to oranges . Rigid is Way better and made in Germany compared to Bosch -LRB- not sure but it seems it is made in China -RRB- . Rigid is a high end sander at low price and I felt I paid too much for bosch . . Try Rigid 6 '' and you will be lot happy for flattening joint boards , panels and lot more . .
 the picture will show it fits over the lawn mower completely , well unless you have a small push type lawn mower for some reason , do not waste your money on this . It will only come 1/2 way up to the handle after wrapping it around the base part . . so dissappointed .
 Works ok to keep dust off and I suppose basic things like pollen and sap but material was too thin and ripped easily when caught on the edges of my mower -LRB- which I would think they 'd prepare for given it 's designed for a mower -RRB- . Before it ripped it also got a wet underneath the cover , not sure if that was condensation or actual leaking through but either way the material did n't seem like it was high quality or could keep water out.Attachment string was nice and I 've used some of their other products that had much nicer material but not this one .
 This cover was way to small for my mower -LRB- A Sears self-propelled -RRB- and the material would not stand up very long in the Florida sun . I was afraid some of the sharper edges on the mower would tare it very quickly . It would not reach the top of the handle and was really snug around the motor section of the mower . I would not reccommend this for anything other than an electric mower .
 We 've tried using this multiple times -LRB- it was a gift from someone -RRB- but this thing could n't find a stud if it 's life depended on it . Do n't waste your money .
 The only thing it does really well is that it turns your wall into Swiss cheese ... its erratic and simply does n't work , avoid the product .
 We bought this stud finder at a local hardware store , mainly because it was cheap and we figured all stud finders were the same . We were so wrong . We have put so many holes in our walls because this thing is so wrong . Do not waste your money on this product . I would give it 0 stars if it were an option .
 This thing came with a combo kit with a drill and saw , so at least I can use those . You would be better off just using a tape measure . It 's way too sensitive , the area of a stud being located is about 6 inches wide , so you divide that in half and it 's still no where close . I still had to drill several holes to locate the stud which was 2 inches from the left beep and 4 inches from the right side beep . It locates the next stud between 14 inches and twenty inches from that stud . Much less frustrating just to use a tape measure .
 I got this stud finder bundled in with a Black and Decker cordless power drill set . It is pretty much worthless . It will beep every once in a while but then I can move it right back to the same area and it may or may not beep at all . This past year I tried to use it again when hanging up a tool-holding track system in my garage . I ended up finding the studs eventually but not after putting around 7 extra holes in my track system . What a turd .
 I was unlucky to get this piece of work with a B&D drill motor . This stud finder got me so angry , so angry . It never , ever gave me accurate findings . I would check , re-check , and check again , and it gave me different findings every time . I put holes in walls that never should have been there . Guessing would have been just as accurate . I finally destroyed it in a fit of rage . Yes , my temper was not so excellent ... but destroying it felt so good .
 This wood stud finder only works maybe 10 % of the time . I tried it in the garage where I can actually see the studs and it can only find a few of them . Then I tried it in the house and it never detected any studs ! I guess my roof on my house is just floating in thin air !
 This is the worst studfinder you can buy . It has been accurate zero times ! I would have been better off flushing my $ 10 down the toilet . If you worried about ruining your walls then spend the money and buy a decent studfinder .
 We also live in an older house , where hanging pictures it not a problem , but I purchased this so that I could loacte wall studs to securely attach anti-tip furniture straps to protect our toddler.I tried several times over any given area of wall , and could not get a repeatable reading . It detected studs where there was none and missed some completely . I ended up placing the dresser between 2 windows so I knew there were studs there.Recently tried it again in a different room where we have doors that slide into the wall . I discovered that I could see into the wall in the 1/2 '' gap by the door , and I could determine the actual location of studs -LRB- almost 3 '' wide -RRB- with a measuring tape . This stud finder was still just as clueless .
 I have found that knocking on the wall with my knuckles is much more accurate than this device . Only buy this one if you enjoy filling in the holes that you will inevitably make if you rely on this stud finder . This device was nothing but a ridiculous waste of time and money .
 This product is so ineffective that I 've made the deliberate decision to avoid Black & Decker products altogether in the hopes that their competitors will have more qualms about knowingly releasing and marketing a defective product .
 I waited to hang my tv for this to come in the mail . The shipping was fast as almost always but when I took it out of the package and pulled the battery tab off , I went straight to the wall , that 's when all it did was beep and when it did turn green which was only twice I think , when I went over it again red red red . I returned it for a refund , I think I will just bang on the walls . Better than this product
 This thing could n't find a stud for nothin ' ! I recently purchased a large painting that was quite heavy , of course I had to find a stud to hang it . . to my surprise my home has literally no studs ! Hmm . . ? Replaced the batteries w / fresh ones ? Check ! Manually reset the stud finder ? Check ! Wth ?! Should have saved my $ 15 ! Ended up using anchor screws . Do n't waste your money !
 Totally useless . Apparently I do n't have * any * studs in over 5 ' of wall . I 'm going back and buying a different product .
 I do n't know what to say except that this is one of those things that just ends up in the trash can eventually . Really all the electronic stud finders are no better or more accurate than your fist and your ear ... I mean I can find a stud within 5-6 inches just by tapping on the wall and listening ... that 's about all the accuracy you get from the electronic finders too . Do yourself a favor and get a magnetic one , they 're simple , require no batteries , and WORK , period .
 I should have wasted my money at the carnival throwing baseballs at bowling pins trying to win a cupie doll instead . This thing could n't find a stud in a horse stable .
 If this product does n't make you believe `` you get what you pay for '' then I do n't know what will . I followed the instructions , but even then sometimes it will sense something , other times it wo n't ... even in the same exact spot ! Do it over and over again until you get even a little consistency and then go for it . You may find a stud there ... or you may not . How the heck did this get past quality control ? Do n't waste your money on this garbage .
 The only way to find a stud with this device is to use it to tap on the wall . Will not be buying any more Black and Decker products .
 my fiance and i are finishing up our floors and attempting to replace our baseboards . out of 10 studs this product identified , 2 were real . i 'm going to purchase a more reliable product . i could have achieved that percentage just by randomly nailing .
 I got the SF100 `` FREE '' with a 18 volt drill I bought at Wal-Mart . The drill works great.The stud finder is not so great . I even took a sheet of sheet rock and had my brother hold it up in the middle of the floor . There was nothing behind it and it showed studs that were not there . I placed some studs behind the sheet rock next and it missed them half the time or placed them 4 to 6 inches from where they really where . No wonder they give them away .
 Can ' r say anything good for this thing except it has a really strong magnet . Danged if I have been able to find the first stud through dry wall and only once in awhile through paneling . Do n't recommend it .
 you might as well put your ear agaist the wall and tap shave and a hair cut . You can a. get roger rabit or b. get a stud .
 I received this stud finder free in a kit with a 14V drill , which by the way rocks . It can not locate a stud at all , the results are not repeatable or even predictable , even if I use it above an electrical outlet , where I know there has to be a stud.Do not buy this item , it is useless .
 Have several stud finders - A Stanley and a Zircon , occasionally they make a mistake , both mostly right on . This Black and Decker gets it right 1 out of 100 . Yes , it was cheap , but so were the others . I need several - one in each truck , one home , one tool box-because of what I do . Do n't need anything fancy , but this is a joke . I have figured out how to use it though-go to the left four times and mark the beep -LRB- each one will be different -RRB- . Go to right 4 times , mark as above . Find center between two outermost marks and two inner most marks . Mark each on , and measure differnce between , add difference divide by 2 . mark that spot . Drive in nail . if you do n't find a stud , drive nail again 1/8 inch to left . Keep driving nail at 1/8 intervals until you find a stud . This is stud edge . Meassure 3/4 in to left . This is center . Mark center . Patch holes with drywall compound.It think they have discontinued this item . Good riddance .
 Not accurate . I drilled holes to find that there was NO stud where it said there WAS . I could 've guessed just as easily . It also left black marks on the walls from the felt pads on back of product . Do n't waste your money !
 I dont have a clue how thick my walls are . This product says it works on up to 3/4 '' thick walls . I figured living in an apartment complex that the thickness would be average if not thin . Apparantly that was too much for the Black & Decker SF100 . I 'm pretty disappointed . Too bad I cant get my money back now . Maybe I can sell it on ebay * shrugs * I dont advise buying it though , that 's just my 2 cents .
 Bought this for my husband when we decided to take out our baseboard and put in in-wall electric heaters . This thing found studs only going from right to left . Then it would n't quit beeping after the stud had passed . Going from left to right on a wall does n't make it go off at all . After several misses on the stud finder and some extra holes in the wall which needed to be patched , we tossed this piece of junk in the garbage and got a dewalt . DO NOT BUY !
 Do not waste your money on this product . I have spent the last hour trying to find studs with this , only to be completely frustrated , and have two holes in the wall with no studs behind them.Thanks Black and Decker !
 I received this level free with a Black & Decker cordless drill , which brings to mind the phrase , `` ca n't even give them away '' - but apparently they did .
 When i slide this along the wall and it beeps , i make a mark , then retry to make sure . It never beeps in the same place twice . Im better off putting nails in the wall and guessing
 I have no idea how thick the walls have been when I 've used this tool , so chalk up my complaints to naivety if you like.I ca n't begin to explain how frustrating it is to find a stud 's edge in one direction , but in the other direction , nothing . It 's like a paradox . This stud only exists if you move right to left ?? This happens over and over and over with this tool . I 'm completely a layman when it comes to home repairs and handymanly work . Using this tool , I found a stud , mounted a monitor , put a little weight on it , and it pulled right out . Turns out , I was almost an entire inch away from the stud , while the whole time I assumed I was dead center inside it . Probably my mistake , but this tool did not help at all.It 's not all bad , as it has accurately helped me on more than one occasion . I just have to take it 's readings with a grain of salt , and usually have to do drill tests with my smallest bit , just to be certain .
 It just does n't work ... plain and simple . Believe me , I 've tried EVERYTHING I can think of to get this thing to work , and it just randomly says it finds a stud , where no stud exists . Go back over the same spot and it does say there 's a stud there ... totally random . What a horrible product .
 I have got false alrams from this device that there studs and never find it accuratley . I was surprised this is one of the Black and Decker product . I wo n't recommed this for anybody .
 One of the Amazon product reviews I had read said to '' ... avoid buying this product at all costs '' -LRB- unfortunately I read the review after I bought the product -RRB- . Having tried to use the product , I could not agree more with this review . Unless you 're interested in stapling into balsa wood , the available power is grossly inadequate . Further , and possibly even more frustrating , the `` power dial '' seems to be nothing more than a placebo . The difference in penetrating power between the heaviest and lightest settings was indistinguishable when trying to staple into pine . Perhaps had I been working with balsa wood ...
 I bought this unit from home Depot . Opened it up , read the instructions , and got down to business . There is nothing to say more than , it is junk !! It does n't push the staples all the way into the wood , even on the highest setting , and I am working with particle board.I do n't usually read reviews of Items that are this cheap . Well , two hours worth of travel and setup time later , I do n't have a staple gun that I can use to reupholster my chairs . I have n't been this frustrated with a product in some time .
 I just purchased this product - and on the first pine board I upholstered , it stapled MOSTLY flush - I did have to use a hammer to get it the rest of the way down . About 30 staples later , on the second pine board , it was starting to stick , then eventually jammed to the point of needing pliers to remove the staple . I DO NOT RECOMMEND !!
 It does n't perform as advertised . The depth adjustment does not work well at all . Even driving into pine there is a gap under the staple.This is true for all sizes of staples and the nails . I am going to buy an upholstery stapler for my compressor .
 I 've had this stapler for two years , and am simply disgusted with how poorly it performs . At maximum the power it is completely unable to drive the smallest staple flush , mine rarely gets beyond half way . Avoid at all costs , and go with another brand !
 Better spend the money on a manual staple gun . Nail goes only half way at the maximum dial position . I do n't know why there are companies still carrying this product ! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT !
 I bought the Arrow electric stapler from Home Depot . I also purchased the corresponding staples and took it home to start stapling . I noted that the staples could not penetrate the plywood . I went back and hammered in the loose staples , but most just flattened . After an hour of this , something popped loose within the device and it never stapled again . This turned out to be a blessing in disguise , since I returned it to Home Depot and replaced it with the Powershot Pro
 Model ET2025HD
 Did n't work out of the box ; which means the manufacturer probably did n't do any pre-ship functional testing . That 's absolutely unforgiveable in a modern age where people exchange information about their product purchasing experience . I exchanged the bad unit for another one ... that did n't work either . Exchanged for a third one . It did work , but would n't drive staples into plywood and hence is useless to me . I tried it on soft pine , the 3/8 inch staple penetrated 3/32 inch . If you look through the ventilation slots in the housing , you can see the solenoid . The solenoid looks like a child 's toy ; about the size of a spool of thread . This explains why it is underpowered . The only good thing about it is that it is cheap enough that I threw it into the trash in disgust . I am now looking for a power stapler from a reputable company . Shame on me for not reading the reviews before I bought one of these .
 Wish I 'd read these reviews before going to the hardware store . Like the title says , I was able to drive in four 3/8 '' staples . Even at full power they only sank in half-way . Then something jammed inside the thing and now it 's done driving in staples . Total waste of my time and money .
 I recieved this order very quick . However , after stapling about 4 staples it hung up , and quit working .
 This tool is a waste of money . Like all previous reviews , I too find that staples and nails are poorly driven into wood ; this renders the tool close to useless for any project - unless the project involves corrugated cardboard as a support material . The degree of incompetence at all levels of development for this fastener is remarkable to me . Where did the engineers who designed this get their degrees from - a box of Cracker Jacks ? Quality assurance at Arrow ... what 's that ?? Where is the pride in producing a quality tool ? Why is Amazon -LRB- and Home Depot -RRB- still offering this piece of junk ?
 great looks and quality , BUT it was never mentioned that it was for women so the fit makes your finger really numb and hurt as soon as you wear them.perhaps consider 2 sizes bigger than what you normally wear .
 Received the `` Oil Rubbed Bronze '' version of this part and immediately thought I got the wrong part because it looks straight black . Further research on other sites confirms that the color on this part is an issue . It is basically black and will likely NOT match your oil rubbed/Venetian bronze faucet . Be aware .
 I bought 3 of these . Not one was the full 1 3/4 '' as stated in the description . They were all undersized . In addition , the description says they will cover holes 1/2 '' to 1 1/2 '' wide . My holes are 1 3/8 '' wide . Should fit , right ? NO
 Incomplete set was sent , couple of months now and still no solution . Product look great and feels solid -LRB- the parts I got -RRB- . I 'll see if I can get it fixed tonight , else theyre going back with the headace that trying to get the right parts has caused .
 One would think 4 seconds of illumination is sufficient ... and for some problems it is . But when I am searching for the correct key and they trying to insert that key into its slot this is a 6 second procedure.Therefore one has to start all over again ... and somethimes a 3rd time.They need to reprogram this lamp to make it useful for all occasions .
 I bought this cover in September 2010 . So far it was a nice and inexpensive cover , until now . The cover has become so brittle that even looking at it creates a tear . I wish it would have lasted longer than just two years.Ok , it has survived several strong storms and even two hurricanes . Still no reason to literally fall apart.Trying to find something better ...
 Lasted me only two seasons , then fabric & seams fell apart ! `` Very thin '' , and NOT waterproof!Still looking ! :o-LRB- ? ~ ~ ~ Update - FOUND A GOOD ONE ! - Still going strong , after 3 years!Classic Deluxe Tractor Cover : o -RRB- Update2 - The upgraded new cover has better waterproofing/stronger hem elastic , covers my whole new John Deere D170 , and also covers the tires to keep them from drying out/cracking !
 The elastic cord hemmed in the bottom makes this cover fit snugly on my riding mower . I have also found it to be quite waterproof.That said I must add that I have to replace it every year . I have to leave my mower in a place where it gets the sun for half of every day , and it gets every drop of our 32 inch annual rainfall . After about a year it begins to actually shred and fall apart . I always keep a new one in reserve for when this happens . A bit expensive , but I guess it 's better than my mower standing nude in the sun and rain . I 've noted that there are other covers on the market that are a higher denier fabric , and that have special coatings . They are higher priced , but I think I will go that route for my next replacement .
 The inner straps need to be snapped into this hard hat . Myself and 2 other guys tried to figure out how to get it to work and I have tried again sense thinking I must be overlooking something . To this day I still have n't figured it out and assumed the insert was put together wrong . Defective products should get zero stars , but you get the idea .
 I received this item yesterday and it took me about an hour or so to install . I noticed right away that the wireless sensor and rca jacks looked very used . -LRB- Keep in mind I bought this `` new '' -RRB- The quality of the lights are good and this is about the only thing positive I will add to this review . The instructions were photocopied and very difficult to understand the illustrations . Once completely installed , I kept picking up FM radio signals and found it VERY difficult to find a happy medium with the `` fine tuner '' . This morning , my wife woke up and heard music coming from our backyard ! The system is on an FM band and there is no way to turn it off unless you unplug the whole system ! I will give it one more try to adjust the fine tuner or I will have to return this set .
 The website clearly states these gloves are 100 % cotton . As soon as I opened the box the label staring me in the face clearly states 65 % / 35 % ! What a complete misrepresentation , and bordering on false advertisement .
 People who work for a living know that 100 % cotton gloves last longer and more importantly - do n't melt!For those doing hot work to label these wrong -LRB- as is the case here -RRB- is going to get someone hurt ! As well as getting low quality for what is advertised . Shame Amazon - need to fix this !
 I loved the idea of the light . Big halogen with beautiful illumination , true color , nearly daylight . Great for color work and intense . The first one was fickle and constantly needed contact adjustments/cleaning . The bulbs get so hot that connectors start to get weird , oxidize and breakdown . Lamps go out/burnout/expensive . However the light quality is so good that the seduction makes you stick with it . I could not fix the first one again so bought another thinking improvemnets must ahve been made . Mistake . Threw it away after 2 months . Went to a cheap but reliable bank of fluorescants . Bottom line ; I loved her , but , she broke my heart .
 Lasted about 6 mo. and very limited use.Maybe 2 hours of on-time . Bulbs disintegrated the ceramic ends.Typical Cooper product . Stay away from this companies offerings
 Item came with bulbs already installed . One was broken and item needed to be returned in order to get replacement for the bulb . Second one arrived with another cracked bulb . In order to change the bulb , the light fixture need to be partially taken apart ; the screws were difficult to reinstall as there was no room for my hand and tool .
 I ordered 4 of these lights to use in my sewing studio . It was n't long before one by one the lights quit working . I have had them less than 5 months , and now only one is working . This is the biggest waste of money I 've ever spent . Now I have to spend even more money trying to get some good lights that at least WORK !
 The item looks just as it is represented . However , I doubt this is 440 grade stainless and , if it is , it is likely 440A grade not 440C . I used it to trim a shrub on my patio and several a 1/2 '' bends and dents appeared in the edge of the blade ; and a 1-1/2 '' section of the edge chipped off . The shrub was a soft wood and certainly not formidable against any blade . I would characterized this item for decorative use . I am going to try to return it . So if you are shopping for looks only its a good buy .
 This blade looks cool in the pictures , and has a nice hefty weight to it ... However , that is where the coolness ends . It is a prop to hang on your wall and that 's it . I took it out to do some light brush clearing -LRB- vines and branches less than 3 '' thick -RRB- on the back of my property and the edge of the blade rolled over in 4 spots in less than 5 minutes . This thing is a total piece of junk . Supposedly , it is stainless ; but if it is , then it is not a forged blade -LRB- -LSB- probably just raw steel that has been machined to shape with no heat treatment at all -RRB- . Honestly , my $ 5 wal-mart machete was a better value.If you want a machete that is going to actually be useful , spend the extra $ 20 and get the Gerber `` Bear Gryll 's '' licensed one . It takes a bit of getting used to because it is a parang style blade ... but that thing is amazing . I can not only clear brush , but I have used it to cut down small trees -LRB- less than 6 '' in diameter -RRB- and I have n't needed to sharpen it yet . -LSB- ... -RSB- As for this kukhri blade , I 'm going to take it to a black smith friend to see if he can salvage it ... Then I 'll dip the handle in a vulcanizer -LRB- rubber coat -RRB- ... the handle is pretty , but it 's really slippery , and that 's a BIG no-no when working with a blade ... especially in the woods where help is a far cry away.-Johnny
 This insert is impossible to install into the metal threshold they sell ... and they give no instructions as to how to solve this mystery !
 SAVE YOUR MONEYAfter just a couple of years the water pressure turned to a trickle . For whatever reason we suffered through it for another couple of years before finally calling two different plumbers . They both concluded the problem was in he main housing which they could n't fix . Called Franke , and guess what , they said I could buy a new one from them at a discounted price ... Umm , no thanks .
 A nice concept , but with major functional flaws :1 . The ceramic buttons reading Hot/Cold/Pure fall out . Only cosmetic , but for the price you deserve better . Franke shipped out replacements , several times , as they popped off several times . We used epoxy & got them to stick .2 . The seal on the filter canister fails and leaks . Franke replaced it . It should not have failed after a few years use . We had water damage .3 . The side spray hose failed & leaked and we had more water damages to our cabinet & hardwood floors . So we replaced the side spray hose thinking , `` At that price , it must be a once in a lifetime failure . '' And the second one failed & leaked . Franke would not kindly send us a third as we were `` out of warranty '' . We bought a third hose direct from Franke . It failed in 8 months . -LRB- No , I am not Franke-ing kidding you . -RRB- 4 . With the hot and cold water off , the side spray hose pressurizes , so if the hose fails , you 'll have a flood.Save yourself many problems , and heed this review . If you buy the Franke triflow , expect problems.What is Franke 's response ? What resolution ? Franke will let me buy another Franke faucet at a discounted price from their website . This Franke Triflow is a real mother Franker , ... if you know what I mean . Expensive , not functional junk . Caveat emptor .
 It 's not that I did n't like it . I had to return it as I did not need the product . Thanks .
 The lights go on by itself randomly , waking my daughter up . After doing much research , we changed the code three times which involved taking the fan down . It did n't work , cleary a defective product . We now unscrew the light bulbs , not a great solution ! It is a beautiful fan , but certainly not worth the trouble . I will contact Hunter Douglas , they should recall this product !
 This was the only purchase I ever had to return to Amazon . The instructions warned that other remotes in my area might operate the fan and they did . I changed dip switch settings several times -LRB- with difficulty because you have to partially disassemble the fan each time to access the receiver -RRB- but it kept happening . I gave up and bought a different brand when I noticed I could operate the fan and light even though the dip switch setting on receiver and transmitter did not match .
 I purchased and installed two of these fans . They look great and are quiet ... but when the power goes out and comes back on , so does the light . Does n't matter if the light was on or off beforehand . According to murphy 's law this is usually at 2:00 am . Very annoying . I emailed their customer service asking for a way to fix this ; they replied back that this was the designed behavior and could not be changed.I then called their customer service line , and they were polite but completely useless and indifferent ; they said that was the way it was engineered and nothing could be done about it . I explained that a relative had just purchased a different model Hunter fan which also was remote controlled , but that version lets the lights stay off -LRB- or on if that was the condition -RRB- when the power is cycled . I asked if I could use the receiver from the model my relative has ; they said they would n't sell me one even if they knew which model it was.I was amazed that they were unable to tell me which models in their line-up have the light-off vs light-on feature . It was basically `` you have to buy one and find out '' , or else `` buy a non-remote fan and then purchase an add-on remote kit '' . They would not tell me how much the add-on remote kit was , and would not comment on whether it would work with this model . The customer service rep then suggested unscrewing the light bulbs when I wanted to turn them off , and she was serious ! My solution will probably be to modify the lamp housing by drilling a hole and installing a pull switch.Do not buy a remote controlled fan from Hunter unless you have positive proof of what state -LRB- on or off -RRB- the fan and lights will be in after the power is cycled . Otherwise you may find yourself waking in the middle of the night to those bright Hunter lights !
 We have had the same experience as the other reviewer that said the lights go on randomly , almost 100 % of the time that we leave the wall switch on for a few hours . This can happen in the middle of the night , the middle of the day , or anytime . We have changed the code and do n't believe it could be interference from a neighbor as the lights sometimes come on at 4 AM . We now have to use the fan with the light bulbs taken out . Very , very disappointing . DO NOT GET A REMOTE ONLY FAN !!!!
 I purchased this fan after much research , and had it professionally installed by an electrician ; as part of a basement project . I love the look and color options . It fits my home well . However , I 'm very disappointed that the following information is n't made apparent by Hunter -LRB- the manufacture -RRB- , neither here nor on their website . You should be warned that this fan is ONLY operable via the included remote . It CAN NOT be controlled or wired to work with toggle switches ; on the wall.The way this fan is currently marketed , one is led to believe that the remote is an additional bonus feature , not in lieu of wiring options found in all other fans on the market . I 'm of the opinion that this is a HUGE design flaw . I called Hunter Support and they confirmed the above . I understand that for some buyers this is n't an issue . However , it was for me and my family . If I had been WARNED as I am warning you , I would n't have purchased this product . Now I have to take it down and return it . SIGH ... Such a disappointment , because it really is a beautiful and elegant fan !
 Just bought the fan 2 weeks ago for the living room . Planned to use it as the main light sourse of the room -LRB- 20X15 -RRB- but found out this fan can only use candle base light bulb and currently the maximum wattage for candle base bulb is 60W . All other fans in my house all use regular light bulbs and this is not in the detail specifications of this product . Already spent $ $ $ for installation -LRB- 15 ' ceiling -RRB- so ca n't return the fan . Have to wait till higher wattage candle base CFL bulbs produced . As to the appearance , the old fan without lighting kit I replaced looked better .
 Got sink not made by Serling at all . Made by whiterock . Came missing Strainers , Faucet , Mounting Bolts . This is the worst purchase I have ever made ! Also Seller is not responding to my emails for a return . I have contacted Amazon & My credit card Co. . BUYER BEWARE !!!! UPDATE
 This is made in Mexico . Not like other Klein Tools . Stick with the Channellock Slip Joints they are better and made in the US
 I thought all Klein tools were made in the U.S. however , this one is not . It is made in Mexico .
 on the pic it showed slots on the side for hose ring clamp there was no slots its just a very very exspensive pair of pliersNOT HAPPY
 I have used Milwaukee sawzall blades in the past and they seem to have gotten worse with what I think is a lower grade of high speed steel . Cutting is much slower and the blades wear out very quickly . I used these blades to shorten 2-3/8 '' galvanized steel pipe and it took 2 blades to make 3 cuts through the pipe.No point in buying blades from a USA company if they are not going to produce a quality product and with Milwaukee and Lenox the quality has gone downhill as these companies are absorbed into huge corporate conglomerates .
 I like the Kreg equipment and do lots of pocket hole jointery , so this seemed like a great addition - but it is n't . The trouble is the clamp is very heavy , and is fitting into a small pocket hole . Clamp it too tight , and it blows out the top of the pocket hole , marring your workpeice - and the same can happen if you do not somehow support this heavy clamp . If you do get one , do n't use it on any surface that will ever be visable -LRB- i.e. a hole you are going to fill with a plug -RRB- and do n't use it in an area you do n't want marred . Pocket holes jointery is simple , efficient , and easy - this clamp is the exact opposite .
 The top lip of this sink is a catch all for dirt and grime and seems like an endless chore to keep it clean . Take my advice and choose something easier to clean , something without the type of lip that this sink has .
 I was disappointed with this product . I installed 3 on 3 different types of ceiling fans and all three hummed when not set for max or high speed . I guess this is more for exhaust fans . I 'll be replacing .
 Wish I could give a review of this item but just like zircons promised release date , which has been delayed for EVER ! , my order has not even been shipped . It may have been available on amazon.com in july but it is being delayed in shipping for a month and I ordered it in august . DO N'T let the 1-2 week shipping fool you it will be longer . When zircon finally release it it may be shipped quicker . STILL waiting !!
 I could have done a better job had I cut a plastic bag in half . The first time I put it on for the birthday suprise it was supposed to be , it tore ... need I say more ?
 The picture is of course incorrect , there are only 5 punches in this kit . It would not be a bad deal if they were truly roll pin punches . However , they do not have the necessary dimple or protrusion on the tip to center the pins and keep from deforming the ends . The smaller of the two are pretty much flat on the ends , the three larger punches have circular ring like indentations on the tip . Close but no cigar . Made in China of course . You get what you pay for .
 Thought I 'd love this because I do a lot of woodworking , mostly cabinet making . But the red cap does n't seal out air as well as a regular glue bottle , and your product will begin too dry out.It dispenses well , maybe I do n't do enough woodworking or go through enough glue.Ended up throughing it out and am sticking with the factory bottles .
 This product is not any better than the bottle that the wood glue comes in in the first place . It has the same slotted cap so what 's special about that ? It does keep glue fresh , so does the original bottle if you close the cap . It clogs up big time if you do n't maintain it a bit , so does the original bottle . It 's not just the nozzel that you have to maintain . That delivery canal on the side feeds from the bottom . Wood glue is thick . I threw mine away after it got to where I needed a grip like the Incredible Hulk to get the glue out .
 My Belkin worked well for a number of years . No complaints . It did what it was supposed to do ... until it did n't . I put my infant to sleep last night and smelled something odd in his room . I quietly looked around -LRB- as to not wake him -RRB- to discover smoke pouring out of the plug . Belkin 's response ? `` Sorry , its not under warranty . '' Needless to say , use at your own risk !
 the ratings on this glove were really strong . however , two weeks of only weekend use , I have already had one of the fingers rip on the side . a little disappointing.just changed my rating to 1 star . after exactly 3 wk ends of working with pavers , I have numerous rips across both gloves . i had to put bandaids on my fingers where the holes were.decided to try another set and figured out the problem , once these things get wet , they are likely to fall apart very soon after . not a point a failure a `` Landscaper '' glove should have .
 It was hot outside yesterday -LRB- about 90 degrees -RRB- and I was doing yard work and must have put on a pulled these gloves off a dozen times over 6 hours . The gloves appeared to be heavy duty and were comfortable but they ripped during my first use . The gloves have a rubber pull tab on the inside of your wrist to help pull on the gloves and this is where they ripped .
 this gloves are not worth the money asked for them , 3 days and they are falling apart , and for the guy that can make this gloves last for more than a week , he must use them for typing on a keyboard from siberia , because for heavy work , they are useless , and another thing to consider , as another customer stated , this gloves run SMALL , i ordered the large size and they really run small , so if you still want to buy them do it , just order a size larger of what you usually use and you ` ll be fine , just not for long ...
 This is 0.023 wire . My machine slips with smaller wire and I bought it specifically because the description says 0.024 . The product is labeled 0.023 and it measures the same .
 Wish I had given this item a closer read to see that its just a nylon bag which might only be usefel as a theft deterrent . Better to throw an old rug over the thing than spend $ 20 on a useless piece of nylon that wo n't even cover the wheels together with the spray wand .
 It fits but it does n't meet with an expectation of lasting very long . It is made of cheap material and I doubt it would last if it was covering outdoors .
 With the battery fully charged , the unit does what it is supposed to . However , beware this product due to the high incidence of defective charging systems . The solar cell which is supposed to charge the batteries during the day is defective 2 out of 3 times . In effect , the batteries are not getting charged during the day -LRB- or not enough in any case -RRB- . What you end up with is a dim , weak light for a couple of hours . I believe this is due to defective units , but there are too many of them defective .
 I was diluting myself when I thought this solar powered , LED floodlight would allow me to illuminate Old Glory without having the pay the coal-burning , environmentally-unfriendly power company for the electricity.Sadly this product ca n't provide the candle-power to illuminate much . Even with a full charge on a bright , sunny day , the light the LEDs cast that night is defuse . The lamp has to be with in a foot of the surface it 's illuminating to be effective.This device might be effective in lighting up your mailbox or house number if mounted very close to it , but as a yard lamp , it 's useless .
 The last thing I ever wnat to do is bash a product . This item is not what it appears to be . Maybe it 's defective I do n't know but , I 'm not happy with this at all .
 So easy to install . So easy to steal ! Someone stole my lights the first night !
 A excellent flashlight . However , the on/off switch needs re-tooled . My is light is COMPLETELY useless as the switch can not be pushed on or off . It worn out after 6 months use @ 30x on/off . NOT RECOMMEND purchase .
 I purchased this level , and the also the 32inch version thinking I would be getting a well designed accurate tool that I would own for years . Wrong.Why ? The bubble in the vials is 3/32 '' + smaller than the lines in the vials . This forces me to ` eyeball ' the space on both sides of the bubble and hope that the amount of space is the same . Wow , talk about ` slop ' in a tool.So , ` Accuracy guaranteed for life ' takes on a new meaning when the ` accuracy ' is + or - 3/32 inch in every 16 inches of surface being leveled.I have a 12inch level form a well known manufacturer available in most stores and it has a bubbles that are the same size as the space between the lines in the vial making it accurate and dependable . I think I will stick with the cheaper brand and leave these toys for the kids who like shiny stuff and bright colors .
 There is a tiny rotary pump blade in the head of the device . The pump itself was fine as long as it lasted , but then the tiny pump blade part separated from the shaft . No problem ... I easily took it apart in order to reinstall the pump blades . Unfortunately the tiny part cracked during repair and so far I can not find a replacement part . Looks like a the pump should include a couple of spare blades ... was sort of hoping I would somehow find the part based on this review . I planned to used it to drain my two generators and a high pressure water sprayer to keep the gas fresh . I only got one use out of it though . Geo
 Do n't waste your money . It is cheap but that does n't mean you should be defrauded of your money . Product barely worked few times . No power at all and battery does not hold charge . Plastic blue band was so poorly glued on , it came off the very first day . Piece of junk , should not be allowed to be sold as a working product .
 This tape broke in the first month of very light amateur use . It has never been dropped or abused , but the retraction spring mechanism just stopped functioning , I had to retract the blade manually by puhing it inside the unit . At this price this is as bad as it gets . Two thumbs down .
 I bought 4 of them from Amazon.com . The name ' Stabila ' sounds professional -LRB- levels -RRB- but do not buy Tape Measures from Stabila even if they look ' PRO ' . I 'm Carpenter and all these Tape Measures were junk after 6 weeks of use -LRB- 1.5 week of use for one !!! -RRB- .
 I bought this due to the name as I have several levels which are great . My main complaint is how flimsy the tape is as it bends and twists really easy , it can not extended very far without support .
 this is about a $ 5 tape . only 3/4 '' wide . so heavily packaged , i ruined the clip unwrapping the product . cheaply made . i should not have bought 2 !
 This actually saw about the same amount of use as my larger Glu Bot . That is , until the threaded collar that holds the tip in place failed.The ` lip ' of the collar simply seemed to come detached from the rest of the piece , rendering its ability to hold a tip in place useless.Doesn ' t look like there are tip/collar/lid combo packs are available for this model , as there are for the larger Glu Bot , but I doubt I 'd order another one to have it fail in the same way.Bigger Glu Bot is great though !
 I too purchased this glue bottle with it 's unique spout to use with TiteBond III wood glue . The concept of using the glue from the bottom of the container , is good , but in my experience I have had continuous problems with plugged spouts . Almost every time I go to use this dispenser the tip of the dispenser is plugged with thick or dried up glue . I have had more problems with plugged glue than with the TiteBond dispensers . I have kept the tip cover on the tip when not in use , but the glue still tends to clog the tip . I really ca n't recommend this dispenser . I have gone back to using the glue vendors dispenser .
 I REALLY wanted this to work , I really did . No more shaking the glue bottle upside down , A good cap , an even glue line , good for biscuits . . The first couple of times I used it , it was delightful and worked as advertised . Then little things cropped up . The cap fell off three times under the bench ... Cleaning the tip after gluing was hard . Even after cleaning it , the glue spout was glued shut with dried glue -LRB- the cap was on tight -RRB- . So I had to use a pin to remove the stuck glue EVERY time I used it -LRB- if it had sat for more than 3-4 days -RRB- . I let it set for a couple of months and the glue dried down the spout tube . Pipe cleaner just pushed the plug into the bottle . Grumble , grumble.The last straw , errr drop , was when the glue was down to a inch or so in the bottle . NO WAY was that glue going to go up the spout ! Pipe cleaner did nothing . The spout hole was covered in glue in the bottom of the bottle but it simply would not come out . Put more glue in , of course , but the glue in there was full of lumps and it was my last glue ! Still an inch of glue so invert it , except that the glue was mostly in the spout . Rack brains . Stick finger in ! too short . Stick pipe cleaner in ! Not much glue . So I used a screwdriver to carefully ladle out the glue , enough for a 6 foot glue line with biscuits . Plenty of glue but what a mess.So new bottle of glue . Titebond 3 of course . No losing the cap , the tip is easy to clean and any lumps are pushed out by the tab . Even glue line . I have to shake the glue down or leave the bottle upside down but ... And when the glue is finished I RECYCLE it and do not have to clean the bottle out !
 I 'll start by saying that I 'm always very paranoid about cross threading things and took extra caution with the tube of grease since it had plastic threads . No matter , it was only a few turns before it had cross threaded ! The first two threads were totally mangled , and I said `` what the heck '' and just attempted to screw it on the rest of the way , tweaking it to the side to force it to straighten up.It did go on all the way , though I can only guess that the threads are FUBAR 'd . Now I have to leave the grease gun on the tube . I thought about maybe transferring the grease to another container with metal threads , but the size is not NPT ... To its credit , it did not leak around the base while lubing my 2135TiMax . For the price , the grease should come in a metal squeeze tube with metal threads like many other things do at auto parts stores . So far , I ca n't comment on the quality of the lubricates , but I can only hope that it 'll be better than what I 've witnessed so far .
 My bottle does NOT fit into the the gun . There is no way to grease my air tools with this kit . The pump works as it should , but it does me no good . It is a complete mess to try to use . Wish I could get my money back but I threw away the package .
 The closed oil bottle leaks when lying down . Although being careful during the process , I was not able to get the metal grease injector connected to the plastic grease tube without stripping the threads . The oil and grease seem to be high quality , but delivery has been the problem .
 IR products are great . But the grease tube threads are n't the same as grease needle ? I made it thread on but was expecting better product when package says IR
 This tape measure is pretty flimsy , with about a 7 ft. stand out . It 's comparable to a Craftsman , not what I 'd expect from Stabila . I use tape measures pretty hard , and demand alot from them . Stanley Max steel is the only tape that 's rigid and durable enough to stand up to the jobsite . Stanley Fat Max tape measures are too rigid . They tend to break sooner than the Max Steels . Stabila should stick to level market , where they rule .
 Stabila levels might be made in Germany but their tape measures are n't and it shows . They are made in Taiwan and are about the same quality as all the other junk tape measures out there .
 I complained about these tape measures to Stabila . They said that yes , they 're made in China and made to compete with other low priced tape measures . You can get a Fat Max for about the same price as this piece of junk . This cheap flimsy piece of junk is comparable to a Harbor Freight tape measure you can pick up for $ 3.49 .
 The light is very cheaply made and did not work at all . I tried to change the battery , which should have been new , and the whole thing broke . Totally wasted my money , do n't waste yours . I gave it one star only because I could not complete the review without rating it at least one , but I would n't even give it that .
 First imagine my dissapointment that the cube does not work out of the box . Apparently it needs the base as a power supply The base is not sold seperatly so I have to buy a cube + base second time around to make my cube work . The cube is suposed to be accuratly machined but I set the cube on a dead level machined plane -LRB- made my own power supply up -RRB- and measured up from the plane to the laser near the cube I measured 3/4 '' up further out 10 feet away the measurment was over 1/16 '' greater . This is way off no use at all clearaly the laser is not perpendicular to the cube machined surfaces . Also dissapointing is the width of the laser line its way to wide for accurate measurment either mesureing near ie 12 '' away from the source or say when measuring 18 foot away.So basicaly if you want to do some rudimentary carpentry then it may do it for you given the cost with base is not to bad . But if you want good accuracy without having to manipulate the base to compensate for manufacturing errors then pass . I previously used a stanley SP1X torpedo laser which had good accuracy but a poor on off swithch and stoped working after being transported .
 Oval is not what I wanted and was useless to me . I contacted 4 times by email , 2 by mail and 6 by telephone , but to not avail .
 seat fell apart just one month after installing this product . the seams came apart . not worth paying to return this item to the manufacturer . bought a different brand .
 This product is old , broken , missing several parts . I had many years shopping in Amazon , this is the worst product that I had ! I am very very disapointed !
 I purchased this level , and the also the 16inch version thinking I would be getting a well designed accurate tool that I would own for years . Wrong.Why ? The bubble in the vials is 3/32 '' + smaller than the lines in the vials . This forces me to ` eyeball ' the space on both sides of the bubble and hope that the amount of space is the same . Wow , talk about ` slop ' in a tool.So , ` Accuracy guaranteed for life ' takes on a new meaning when the ` accuracy ' is + or - 3/32 inch in every 32 inches of surface being leveled.I have a 12inch level from a well known manufacturer available in most stores and it has a bubbles that are the same size as the space between the lines in the vial making it accurate and dependable . I think I will stick with the cheaper brand and leave these toys for the kids who like shiny stuff and bright colors .
 I bought this for my mom . It worked okay for a summer , trapping mosquitoes , moths , and flies -- though not all of them -LRB- still , even one dead mosquito equals fewer bites , so we were happy with the unit -RRB- . But then about four months after we bought it , it made a loud zap/snap noise and died . I thought the bulb was blown , so I bought one at the local light bulb store -LRB- almost seven bucks ! -RRB- to no avail . Something in the electrical system was shot , I guess . I wish I could recommend it , but I ca n't . I 'm going to try buying another brand or kind .
 The only good thing I can say about this unit is that , it was inexpensive , when compared to other devices.After only , about a month and a half , the bulbs went out!The fan is very loud ! While it lasted , this device did not catch one bug -LRB- and there were many around within that time -RRB- ! The Dyna Trap catches bugs . Sunbeam lantern zappers worked -LRB- for the short time they lasted but the company no longer sells them -RRB- . This device has been useless.M Calcagno
 I recently tried this . Ran it continuously for a week . It did n't catch a single insect . In fact , I saw a mosquito hovering near it without any affect . I do n't think the light is effective for mosquitoes.My recommendation - go with a Deet spray for daytime and a mosquito net for bed . Mosquito Coils are also quite effective as a repellant - if you ca n't stand the mild odor .
 theres very little `` vacuum '' -- a moquito would have to be dying in the 1st palce and somehow fall in direction of the mouth to `` die '' in the thing . leaving a unit on for two weeks netted one little moquito . the price would buy a decent radio . zero stars other than having a cool UV bulb and another totally ineffective gadget .
 Much like another reviewer I have tested this product to find it worthless . Unlike the other reviewer I actually had flies go into the trap , they landed directly on the light , then flew right out . How does that help ? If you are buying this as a decoration , go for it , otherwise avoid this product .
 I bought one of these last summer . It caught maybe a dozen or so bugs the entire season.I went to turn it on this spring and the bulb started flickering , then went out . I thought it was the bulb and ordered a replacement , but it does n't work either . The fan runs , but the bulb wo n't light.I had the exact same problem with a Stinger outdoor bug zapper ; it quit working after just a single season .
 Put this in my kitchen to get rid of some of the flies.They would gather on top of it and have a party .3 months , 1 dead fly.Like I said ... JUNK
 tried several nights in living room or kitchen where we have got mosquito bites . It has only caught 1 fruit fly and that 's it -LRB- and this proves that we have used it right -RRB- . The noise from the fan is also kind of annoying . This must be returned .
 It seemed awfully quiet , until it became obvious that the fan was n't working . Without the fan , bugs can enter and leave the trap . Even if the unit had worked , checking the trap is awkward , accidentally releasing live bugs is easy , and removing dead bugs is tricky . Did n't bother to return the unit , just wrote it off as a bad purchasing decision . No way to know if the dead fan is a common fault , but this unit will be going staight into the trash .
 I returned it . It is not working at all . Do n't waste your money . Actually , I should give it no star .
 I have a cocktail lounge and have a bad infestation of fruit flies , I have used this unit about a month and I catch at most 4 or 5 flies a day .
 During the times I ran this machine , I caught no mosquitos . I did n't like how loud it was so I placed it outside my bedroom door . Within a few times of using the machine , the flourescent bulb blew out . I read that the bulb blows out fast , but I ca n't believe that it blew out this fast . This is a very bright bulb that is very uncomfortable to the eyes at night when trying to sleep . Plus , it gives off a smell that I did not like . Can anyone recommend something that really does work for inside the house !?
 short and quick it do n't work.The bugs sat on top of the light and did n't get suck in . The only thing that got sucked in was me
 The only thing I would suggest this is for a customer who has an intense fly problem . If you have very few flies that get in the house throughout the day just get a fly swatter . This product wont work for just a few flies nor will it work unless its dark . The light will only attract flies at night and never during the eay unless you live in a cave .
 Sounded like a good idea . My husband and daughter get very swollen from mosquito bites , and suddenly we have been having moths . And we always get some fruit flies , every summer.This is the first one I saw that advertised `` Inside '' . I bought it from Amazon about a month ago and set it up in my kitchen.The way it is supposed to work
 I did n't notice any difference in the bugs , when using this device . Mayb in another environment ... Still using it , but would recommend something else
 Thge fan will wake the dead , I live in Port Aransas and the bugs are real bad . Hard to even go outside to get the mail some nights the mosquitos are so thick . I put this on my porch and It caught like 5 Mosquitos all night . If you put your arm out the door you can have 5 in 1 minute on you . It should have caught hundreds . Forget having indoors because the fan is loud and the light bright . What a piece of junk . Run away from this and its other names Nosquito and honeywell . Shame on honeywell for making this garbage .
 A friend could n't sell this at his garage sale so he gave it to us . After a brief trial it 's going somewhere other than inside our house . It is loud and ineffective . When you empty the tray , many of what little bugs are in it fly out . I 'm going to buy another electric zapper for my kitchen . We live in the country and it is unreal how many insects make it into the house . A zapper does the a good job of keeping the house pest free .
 My first Nosquito trap ran , steadily , for at least 8 years , in an enclosed patio . I did use the replacement bulb , which came with it , and the whole unit died , right after the bulb was installed.My second unit was purchased in 2011 , and lasted just a few months , before the fan died.I 'm getting another unit , only because there 's nothing else , out there , for anywhere near the price.I 'll let you know how that goes ;-RRB- .
 We set this up on the counter after purchasing it from a hardware store . The next day I was eager to see how many bugs were trapped . The answer ... ZERO ! The next evening I literally watched bugs fly by with no hesitation . Not sure what 's wrong with the product or perhaps I plugged it in wrong . Either way I would n't recommend this product .
 There are precious few indoor options available for dealing with flying pests , and this is NOT one of them . It looks and sounds effective , with a fancy light , fan , and a little trap door . It has only ever caught dust bunnies . Save your money .
 too noisy to run in the bedroom with the fan running all night . Defeats the purpose of that noisy 3:00 A.M. wake up call mosquitoes like to give us . I really wished this had worked but it did n't . Last season I was so desperate for a good nights sleep that I sprayed myself with DEET just to keep the little frakers away . The stinger unit would hap-haphazardly catch -LRB- or not -RRB- bugs .
 I bought this thinking it would be an indoor bug zapper . What it is a light with a fan that 's suppose to draw the bugs in with the light into a compartment they ca n't get out of . It does not work !
 I bought this indoor trap , together with an outdoor trap from the same brand , in a 2-pack from Costco two years ago . Two and a half summers later , it has never caught a single mosquito ! A few moths , that 's it . I followed the instructions closely and left it 24 hours a day in the summer days . The outdoor blue-light trap did kill a few mosquitos but not nearly half of them IMHO . This indoor trap is marketed on a heap of lies . It just does not work . Last week the fan stopped running so I threw it away .
 Before I bought this product , I read the reviews of how buyers use it in their children 's bedrooms at night to keep the mosquitoes out . Now that I have used it for almost a year , it troubled me to think of the things that could go wrong if it was used in a child 's room I want to address this because I think it will expose the flaws in the design.Many reviews have complained that it does n't work , but they do n't tell you why.First off , the horizontal slider you see on the front panel is the on/off switch . The on / off switch controls the mosquito enticing light , the fan , and most importantly , the door that opens / closes the trap . Remember , the concept is that as the mosquito or bugs are flying towards the light , their open wingspan get sucked in by the vacuum created inside the chamber by a reverse -LRB- and fairly loud -RRB- fan . That chamber can be removed to release the bugs -LRB- humane , but there 's no reason to be humane to bloodsucking mosquitoes whose contribution to the ecosystem have yet to be discovered and proven -RRB- . Here is the problem
 I 've purchased this item from J&R ; a week ago . I 've tested this item away from the window , near the windows , on the table , on the floor and so forth . All the tests were conducted in the dark at night . Every single mosquito or a fly did n't even think of coming near this unit . They all flew by and none got inside . The fan is LOUD ! Forget about having this unit in baby 's room since it 's loud and the light is bright.This unit is worthless since in 7 days it has n't cought a thing . Very typical of Stinger products . Other person reviewing this item probably works for the company :-RRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- ... I only wish flowtron would make similar product ...
 I have read bad reviews by other people , but decided to give it a try anyway . Well , I am sorry for my poor decision , because I am now convinced that this is a pure waste of my money . It catches nothing . I wonder if some bugs do ever get trapped , perhaps the house is so badly infested , and they simply got trapped by chances . I was tring to give it a rating with no star at all , but I was forced to make at least one star . Really , it does not even deserve one single star .
 I bought this last year . I use it indoors to catch mosquitos that have gotten in the house . Over the last two years , it has caught about 3 mosquitos . This year , it has n't caught anything . The fan is not strong enough to really suck mosquitos in and keep them in the trap when the flap is fully open . I would not recommend this product .
 Unfortunately , this product did not alleviate our mosquito problem . We have had it turned on for days and have only caught one mosquito . Many more are flying around mocking us with glee . Also , the problem with this machine is that it is very loud and exceptionally bright . You ca n't have it in your room at night because it 's like having a huge fluorescent light on . Bummer .
 I 'm wondering how this product ever got on the market ? It is junk . From the moment you take it out of the box and feel it 's quality , to when you plug it in and hear the cheap fan motor and see the UV bulb ... you sit for a moment and wonder if this contraption will indeed work . I sat in an inviornment favorable to the mosquito and the flew AWAY from it . NOT INTO IT like it is suppose to be desiged to do . It does not work at all . Ever ! I had it going for hours , just to give it the benefit of the doubt as a consumer . I really thought and hoped it would work , so I threw out the packaging . Only to assemble and discover what a mistake it was to throw out the packing materials so quickly ! My own fault there . Had I kept it , it would have been returned ASAP !
 I have now purchased three of these units . I have purchased repacement lightbulbs , thinking that was the problem at first . These units work fine for the first two or three months ... or if you are lucky , maybe 6 to 8 months . Then the lightbulb goes out . The fan works , but the lightbulb fails . I purchased new lightbulbs . -LRB- Not an easy to replace bulb , either , and pricey I might add ! -RRB- But that 's not it . Open the unit up , and there is way more complexity than should be required to fix a lightbulb ! The failure is apparently in a circuit board -LRB- a circuit board ? in a mosquito trap that is basically a lightbulb and a fan ?!!! -RRB- that is integral to the unit . This is planned obsolesence at its finest . Do n't aggravate yourself . Let this one go without purchasing it . You will regret it .
 Living by a creek ... lots of mosquitos . Purchased 3 units . Within 1.5 months I counted 1 musquito traped within the 3 units ! I have dumped all 3 units to the garbage . I was expecting from Honeywell not to put such a garbage on the market . May be I am wrong in case the machine indeed trapsthe mosquitos and immediatelly makes them invisible ... or may be the mosquitos in Florida are really clever and the machine is made for Alabama mosquitos only.P.S beside the infernal machine makes an anoying noise during the night . If you want to get rid of your mother-in-law I do recommend to buy one and put it in her room .
 Have used it over 6 months with and without octenol . Have found it to be completely ineffective at catching even a single mosquito in the house .
 This Stinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor trap does not work at all . It caught one fly and no mosquitoes in a month . I 've tried it now for 2 months and it 's too late to return but want to make sure people know that it does not work at all ... I only gave it a star because I was forced to put something in that spot . . I deserves no stars at all .
 This is a weak machine , should I actually say `` junk '' ? I have it for three months now , and the only thing it has caught so far was one fly . It makes so much noise due to the built-in fan , apparently this feature is so poorly designed to trap any mosquitoes . This is a cute but useless machine . I decided to put this machine aside last night ... Do n't buy this machine because it does not work .
 I bought this product after reading one of the five star reviews about how this device/contraption captures mosquitoes in the house and prevented her/his baby from getting bitten . This is why I bought this thing and it did not work AT ALL - it did not catch one mosquito . After going through all the reviews carefully , I have to concur with other reviewers about the fact that this is not meant for mosquitoes - the title and description is misleading - and in addition I have to note that the fan IS incredibly weak . Sadly , this did nothing for our baby 's room and we have gotten relief from using a mosquito net and regulating the temperature in the room . Do not buy this if you are expecting or desiring relief from mosquitoes !
 The device is to noisy - much better off getting a bugg wacker type . It was also larger then looked in add .
 I am not going to type a long review why this is bad but get something else . Here are some points ,1 . yes it works the bugs fly into it . So the uv attracts them fine .2 . Trouble is only catches some bugs little nats there is not enought wind for , the big house bugs are strong enought once sucked in to fly out , In fact I usally see them sitting onthe bulb then they just fly away.It might work on misquitos ok but I have other bugs I want to zap . This is to noisy and jsut does n't work on all bugs . I woudl get the real bug zapper and avoid the fan noise and that will kill almost every bug .
 After countless nights of being woken by the incessant sound of mosquitos buzzing overhead , I finally decided to buy the Stinger MA06Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap . Let me tell you , WHAT A WAIST OF MONEY ! I 've tried strategically placing the Stinger in multiple locations throughout the house and I have yet to catch one single bug . In theory , the Stinger should work well , but in practice , it 's complete rubbish ! However , I CAN OFFER YOU A SOLUTION - If you ca n't sleep at night because of mosquito attacks , I highly recommend buying a $ 20 bed net from IKEA . They 're easy to hang up at night and to take down during the day , and they will end your suffering . Hope this helps !
 We tried this last summer , it 's NOT effective . The window -LRB- glue -RRB- fly traps had tons of flies on it , only a couple in the stinger fly trap . Do not recommend .
 This product accomplishes NOTHING . I 've tried it many times , and it has yet to catch even ONE mosquito ! I guess Boston mosquitos know the difference between warm-blooded mammals and a NOISY FLUORESCENT LIGHT ? Go figure . Tonight , with it turned on , I 've been attacked 5 times by at least two different mosquitos -LRB- I know it 's at least two , because I killed one -RRB- . Maybe I 'll design a mosquito catcher that looks like and smells like me , and it will work like a charm -- guaranteed .
 I live in a heavily mosquito infested area and tried using this in my room . When I see a mosquito in my room , I turn this thing on and leave it on all night . I 've done this 5 times and it has n't caught/zapped a single bug . Maybe this does n't work on mosquitos .
 Meh . It works ok . It caught a half dozen bugs overnight , but that 's in an area swarming with mosquitoes . I really object to the company 's insistence in the instructions that you use only SJEW-A extension cord . Do you know what that is ? No ? Neither does anyone at the hardware store . Or on google.Here 's the answer `` SJEW-A Type SJE , but rated for outdoor use at -58 F.What 's an SJE ? SJEHard service cord for general use at 300 volts , rated at -58 F to +221 F , TPE thermoplastic elastomer insulated andjacketed.Insanity , considering this is supposed to be an indoor appliance that uses , what , the standard 110v ? Those types of extension cords are n't even readily available.Just another company trying its hardest to screw consumers out of any possible liability .
 After reading most of the reviews of this product I decided to buy it cause I have an 8th months baby girl and mosquitoes is a real problem in my house . And yes , it still is a problem . The stinger does n't work as the reviews tell , at least for me . And it cost me a lot more cause PR shipping is charged as international shipping nevertheless we use the same US Postal Ssetvice .
 Overall , I really like the concept of the Stinger , but the manufacturer needs to make many improvements to it.I live in NYC and have annoying little mosquitos and bugs that come into my apartment because I like to leave the windows open . I bought this indoor Stinger MA06 Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap as well as the Fly Web Fly Trap at the same time to figure out if they actually work , and if so , which one works better . I was hoping the Stinger would be better because it does n't use glue boards -LRB- which the Fly Web Fly Trap does -RRB- , which can be unsightly after they trap a good amount of bugs.Unfortunately , the Stinger did n't live up to expectations . I plugged in both traps during the night for several nights , and every morning I would see a few new bugs trapped in the glue boards of the Fly Web Fly Trap , but I have yet to see a single bug caught in the Stinger , and there could be several reasons why.First , the fan does n't feel nearly strong enough to suck insects into the trap . Second , the mesh at the bottom of the trap is not fine enough , which makes me think that little fruit flies could have been sucked into the machine -LRB- again , if the fan is strong enough -RRB- , only to escape through the mesh . Third , similar to some of the other reviews , disposing of the bugs , if I ever caught any , would be an inconvenience , since they 'd still be alive . I 'd have to stick my hands out the windows of my 30th floor apartment to let them out and hope that they would n't just fly back into my apartment .
 This product does not work on getting rid of mosquitos and other small flying insects . I followed the directions for using it and I am still getting bitten by mosquitos and other flying insects . I would not have purchased this product if I had know that the ultra violet light was not a zapper to kill the insects .
 Does n't matter how many reviewer claim how good this is . I 've had serveral mosquito inside the house and i 'd left the machine on 24x7 but it cought NONE what so ever . Totally useless !!!
 I bought this to get rid of the indoor plant gnats . It does n't work for this type of insect . I am not sure if it will work at all . It attracts the bugs with the light and traps it . I prefer the machine that zaps these bugs . I 'll see in the summer time if it could get rid of the mosquitos . I 'll make another review later .
 Had this in my office for since September . I work in the country with lots of flies . I do n't think it has killed one bug . Bummer .
 The fan is loud , and very weak . There is an opening at the base of the unit where flying insects can get `` sucked '' in by the fan , however it is too weak and inefficient to grab them unless they are about an inch away from the opening . This opening is closed mechanically when the switch is turned into the off position , and the trap can be removed from the unit . Most house flys and gnats in my house were only slightly interested in the glow emitted by the unit , gnats would land on the outside of the unit , or the wall next to it , but almost none would actually go inside of it . My vacuum cleaner was 1000 times more effective at taking care of a gnat infestation on my window screens . Solitary mosquitoes and house flys were not interested in the light , and were never trapped . Disappointing .
 Never catched any bugs so far even turns it on all day indoor ... disappointed and i am thinking to return it
 This is only a moderately effective mosquito trap . It does n't really attract them . It is the body scent that attracts them , and if they get too close to the fan , then they are sucked in , but I never noticed any of them being drawn to the light . I have had it continuously running for about six weeks -LRB- in Florida , we have year-round mosquito problems -RRB- , and the few mosquitoes its trapped is negligible . It has attracted a few other bugs , but those are n't the ones I 'm interested in killing .
 Save your money . It may work for other flying insects but it does not attract or trap gnats . After one week of dealing with a gnat infestation , the Stinger trap caught one small fly compared to 7 gnats stuck on a 3 X 10 '' strip of sticky plastic film placed on a window and well over a dozen gnats drowned in a small covered plastic container of vinegar with holes in the lid .
 I used this product only a few days before the light which is suposed to atract mosquitos burned out . In those days it caught no mosquitos . -LRB- Our mosquito problem is quite mild , but I bought this becasue my wife seems to be hyper-sensitive to them . The bulb is probably a fluke , but the machine does not seem to be worth the small space it accupies , nor the small noise it makes .
 We have had a bad mosquito season this year . I have purchased a couple units to try to combat this and this is the latest and certainly greatest engineering blunder . I gave it a month 's use . It failed to catch one mosquito . It did manage , however , to attract more mosquitoes indoors with the extremely bright light - they just came to feast and not to rest in the little trap . The problem got so bad that I ended up getting bitten to the point I contracted W. Niles . I squarely blame this unit for 5 weeks of hell.If you buy this , you are making a mistake much greater than the wasted cost of the unit . I am aghast at the danger this mosquito attraction device subjected me and my family to . I can only assume all the positive reviews are affiliated with Stinger - I 'm flabbergasted a device that exacerbates the problem it is meant to solve can stay on the market .
 The Stinger does work but it is advertised as quiet , I agree it is not eccessively noisy but it is not what I consider quiet . Secondly I twice emailed the manufacturer and never received a reply . My third comment is I sat at my counter about 15 feet away from the Stinger , a mosquito landed on me but was not attracted to the Stinger . I am disappointed in its performance .
 NYC mosquitoes are too smart for this device . They fly low and slow , and attack from the rear.My Stinger has been running continuously for a week without a single catch , yet , I get a bite almost every night . Either the light does not attract , or the fan is too loud . It does n't trap even with a CO2 bait.I gave it a 1 even though it does n't work here -- I like its design/price , and will keep it .
 In Virginia we have a serious stink bug issue . So I bought one of these thinking it would help with the problem . I was hoping it would cut down on the population while we are having exterminators work the issue . I plugged this item in and it did n't catch one fly , bee -LRB- yes we still have those -RRB- or stink bug . NOTHING . The seller is allowing me to return it , but I would n't recommend it .
 This is a POS . All it is a bucket with a light source that attracts every other insects except mosquito . Mosquito are attracted to a combination of heat , CO2 , and moisture from warm-blooded mammal like us . If you want to not get bitten spray something with DDT in it like what the Army Corps of Engineers and marines do when they enter the jungles.The new bug zappers have ultraviolet LEDs instead of the expensive to replace fluorescence blub . The LEDs zapper use less energy , and the LEDs last forever and never have to be replace .
 The Stinger Insect Mosquito Indoor Trap did not work properly.The light would come on but the blower was not.I have not been able to use the product so far , and I am not a happy camper .
 June 21 2007 , May 15 , 2007 , June 7 2007 -- suddenly a spurt of REVIEWS ALL GIVING 5 stars , NONE having ANY other reviews but this and all other reviewers -LRB- earlier dates -RRB- giving BAD stars and 1 of them actually having multiple reviews AND giving 1 star ... . well , definitely looks very , very fishy reviews here . I say . . we need to be careful about this one . Also , I checked the Manufacturer 's website , NOWHERE do they mention INDOOR usage or INDOOR generic locations , which I gather effectively means -LRB- a -RRB- Not meant for indoor use -LRB- b -RRB- Fan is loud -LRB- c -RRB- Lamps are bright . Seriously , if meant for indoor use , definitely it would have been highlighted . I do n't think I 'll waste my money buying it , considering the `` fishiness '' of reviews here .
 I ordered the PSD-200 and it was the wrong size . The PSD-210 would have fit my shower correctly , but I could n't tell that , because the dimensions given for each part were useless . I needed to know the inner and outer diameters of the connector , but the PSD-200 gave a length and width -LRB- for a circular part ? -RRB- and the PSD 210 description gave no info , at all . -LRB- The two parts have the same inner diameter , but the PSD-210 has a larger outer diameter . -RRB- I wound up taking the old connector -LRB- or what remained of it -RRB- to a local plumbing supply house and they matched it with a PSD 210 from their stock.I like being able to order parts like this online , but the descriptions need to be better .
 So I 've stuck this thing to my zapper and have seen very minimal results . It 's in a small area where there are a good bit of mosquitoes , but believe me they have more interest in ME than anything else . There most be something better out there .
 It lures some bugs but we also used it without and got just a few less . So I do not recommend this .
 we have owned our stinger for 2 years-this is the time we had refils that were not effective .
 Yeah you can tell it does attract the mosquitos ... And the boost in zapper kills you get from it versus its cost only justifies getting it IF the mosquito population is very very high . If its not , then do n't waste your money on it.Now what would be a better value is make one for 80 cents that only lasts three or four days . And make it a little stronger . The idea is to leave the bug zapper on for that entire time , and lure 75 % of them into it . Ya know ? Might be good for 12 days or so , before the population builds up again.Anyway , its not very effective , and I 'd only buy it again out of desparity .
 Delivery on time , Item look like Photo and as decribed from seller . Since I plug it in -LCB- month ago -RCB- no one Mosquito has been suck it in and killed ! What a shame ?
 Stinger Mosquito Octenol LureCould not find out if it works because I could not get it to fit in the bottom of the Stinger like the instructions say to do .
 Paid good money for this unit.Worked for a while then either batteries went dead or switch broke . There is no apparent way to replace the batteries.Repeated attempts to contact manufacturer for guidance have met with no response.Avoid this one at all costs .
 I was really looking forward to receiving this item.The one I got had been opened , crushed , and was missing the fiber optic piece and the batteries . I sent it back to Amazon for a new one . The replacement came , and it had also been opened , was missing the fiber optic piece , and had corroded batteries wedged into the light . Terrible.Some of the parts number on both boxes had been covered up with black marker . Maybe this is a warehouse problem . Beware .
 I would urge caution and price up the items individually - You will be able to save much money by buying them as seperates , even with the 50 % off offer ! -LRB- Feb 2006 -RRB-
 This Item is on the Gerber-tools . com website for $ 184.99 . Its a great kit but not for this price . I would suggest going directly through Gerber or looking for a better price .
 I purchased 5 thermocouples listed as `` Honeywell #cq 100a-1021 18 '' Thermocouple '' and received 3 24 '' and 3 30 '' ALL of which had been previously opened , damaged , were missing parts , and poorly taped up . A couple even showed signs of use ... maybe the broken thermocouple returned to the store after a new one installed ??? Either way I order 5 18 '' and did n't receive a SINGLE 18 '' and since the listing said NOTHING about used , damaged , opened , or parts missing products I rightfully assumed I was buying new product.The good news is they promptly refunded my money without any problems . Obviously they had had this problem before and were not surprised by my complaint . They did comment that they thought that is what I wanted ... NO , if I wanted 24 '' or 30 '' thermocouples that is what I would have ordered !! Overall a complete waste of my time and energy dealing with an incompetent and/or unethical seller . One star because ZERO is not an option .
 I bought this tool for the idea of having a rasp and a lifter in 1 tool . Unfortunately the rasp wore down to nothing on my first day of use after hanging just 6 sheets of rock . Now I 'm left with just a lifter , which does n't even work that great.The package claims 100 % satisfaction guaranteed so I emailed the company to tell them about this product and I got no response from them . Do n't make the same mistake I did .
 This product was not very good . For several reasons
 My system is a Craftsman 1HP dust collector , probably too small to make this hood design work . It works better with the intake area restricted by 75 % , but it still leaves a pile on the floor in the center of the hose connection . I use a Shop Vac 2 1/2 &#34; wet nozzle with the squeegee removed and set on end - excellent design , especially for my weak system .
 Both of these blades became very dull very quickly . IMHO , the metal is poor quality and these should be avoided .
 The DW3128 finish blade in this set is horrible , I do n't recommend buying these if you do finish work and here 's why :1 . The carbides are very small compared to those on a good quality blade -LRB- such as Freud Industrial or CMT -RRB- .2 . The kerf of the blade is thinner than full , so it will flex some and there is no room for a stiffener on the DeWalt miter box due to the short arbor . I used a caliper to measure my DW3128 and the teeth are .096 '' wide and the blades body is .074 '' . This is in contrast with a real full kerf blade with 1/8 '' wide teeth and a body that is ~ .088 '' .3 . I 'm not sure why , probably to save on cost , but DeWalt does n't appear to finely grind the sides of the carbide teeth compared to other more expensive blades .4 . You really can and will notice a difference between these and a good quality Freud industrial blade . After only installing 1000 SQFT of oak flooring , my blade is crap .5 . The technology of these blades are very poor , there is minimal vibration dampening using only an old technology of slots versus the wiggly cut lines a good blade has .6 . My miters were never perfectly tight until I ditched this blade and bought the one linked below . Yes , the blade does cut OK miters that are plenty good for a normal person , but if you want the most professional looking cuts , do n't skimp on the blade!I recommend the Freud LU80R012 blade if you are doing finish work and want professional results -LRB- and a blade that has much more carbide , e.g. can be sharpened many more times -RRB- . I did a lot of research and finally decided on the Freud LU80R012 blade as it can cut Melamine and plywood very well , but still has Freud 's best rating for cross cuts . The hook angle is also smaller than the Freud LU85R012 and the kerf slightly larger , so it 's much better for use in a miter box.I 'm no longer sure one needs a thinner kerf blade for a miter box due to it only doing cross cuts . That 's why I 'm recommending the full kerf LU85R012 . My DeWalt sliding miter box with the full kerf blade seems plenty powerful.Here 's what I 'm replaced this blade with : Freud LU80R012 Ultimate Plywood & Melamine Saw Blade 12 inch x 96t Hi-ATB 1 inch arbor Perma-Shield CoatedIf you are in doubt about the quality difference and my review , just zoom in the pictures ! I 'll admit I 'm a tool junkie . I did receive this DeWalt pack as a gift , but lets just hope the person who gave it to me never reads this review and how the blade is n't even worth resharpening ! ; -RRB-
 Just because this has the Jet branding on it , one is expected to pay well over twice what the same or better filter at one of the big box stores . Make sense to you ? Not to me .
 I originally bought this set perhaps five or six years ago and they worked fairly well and I did n't find anything amiss with them although I knew they were n't a high-end set . They worked well and were sharp . I 'm a contractor and they 've been used mostly for ripping softwoods and cutting cedar shingles . I recently purchased this set again and was disappointed to find these , as others have reported , pretty much dull right out of the box . I initially installed the 60-tooth in my chop saw and I found I had to push down very hard on the chop saw to drive it through KD pine and it was a splintered cut , not clean at all . Sorry , Dewalt , these have become real stinkers . They did n't end up being much of a `` deal '' for me at all .
 These dont do a good job . Not recommended and not worth the money being charged.I am surprised of some poor quality dewalt tools and blades . I am going gradually over to Bosch and Makita .
 Perhaps mine arrived dull , but the 60 tooth split through pine 1 x 6 's and left a big mess on the underside of everything I 've cut with it . Very disappointed , especially given the original blade my DeWalt saw came with was so nice.I bought these to do some fine work , they are definitely not capable of doing that .
 I have been a Pro . carpenter for over 25 years , bought this combo pack because of the `` deal '' . They are probably the crappiest blades I have ever used , not sharp and splinter the back of the cuts . Both blades were also warped and upon start up made the saw jump . Dewalt has really gone down hill , all of their products are made in China and their hand tools are n't much better than cheap box store home owner tools . Shame on you DEWALT !! Spend a bit more and get a Pro . quality product . Makita makes excellent finish blades as does Freud .
 I could not get the hose to fit over any other manufacturer 's 4 '' fittings . I had to split it and then tape it closed . I have a system going from 6 '' mains , mostly 5 '' drops ; just a few 4 '' connections off a wye at the bandsaw and router table . Everything else worked well together except this hose .
 junk.a few reasons .1 , it creats way too much static ground it or else !!! 2 , it is like a big slinkey it tries to shrink back to its 12 '' colapsed size when ever there is suction .3 if you use it to make a bend then turn on the system it will pinch the bend almost closed thus reducing the flow way too much !! 4 , the plastic covering is very cheap like a 4 mil drop cloth feel.i have a 2hp 1650 cfm system in my shop and no matter what i hook it to it tries to shrink when i turn it on even with the `` big gulp '' or my 12 `` x 10 '' lathe hood . . i have several hoses different types and never had one this badits like a spring wound in a trashbag !! seriously aviod this go the extra $ 1.00 to $ 3.00 and get a heavy duty hose you will not regret the extra cost as much as you will regret this junk !!
 Clumsy , hard to bend and makes the job twice as hard . Not recommend it for home project . Check your local hardware store for better product . Even better price for that matter .
 This is very much a rip off . This hose is nothing more than 4 '' corrugated drain pipe . You can get a 100 feet of this stuff online for 50 bucks ! -LSB- ... -RSB- So tell me , why are we paying 15 bucks for 10 feet . That would be 3x the price it sells for at hardware stores . I 'm totally pissed that I bought this . For just about the same price you can buy a dust collection hose that not only is flexible but will fold up like an accordion when not in use . Either jet is trying to pull the wool over our eyes , or someone at Outlet Tool Supply is .
 With a blastgate at each machine , you can control the air flow from the DC unit as if you only had one machine hooked up , providing the most efficient use of the air suction . By opening and closing each blastgate , as needed , you will get the maximum amount of air flow at all times.For a more `` durable '' blastgate , there is a metal version available at a premium . But I have found the plastic gates run into problems with use . They jam with debris and can not be taken apart to clean . The spot welds , which hold them together , will lossen with use , then the sliding gate , which is a friction function , will not operate properly . The metal gate uses a screw to kept the gate open.Overall , it is a needed product that allows for maximum use of a dust collection system , with a blastgate installed at each branch to control the air flow to the machine in use . BUT , do not invest in the plastic version , go with the metal blastgate .
 If someone can explain to me what the tapered design of the inlet and outlets are for , I 'll upgrade the review to 5 stars minus 2 for the overbloated price.I ca n't imagine what the design of a taper is for . The Y-Connectors and Splices do not have a taper . Why do the blastgates do?The problem is that the natural springness of the hose keeps it coming off the tapered outlets just as you 're trying to tighten the clamps . This is frustrating to just a wee degree since the problem should n't exist at all . In addition , the price is just a tad expensive for a piece of plastic.Look elsewhere if you can find a better design , or a better price . Otherwise , once you have them on , they work as expected .
 I would not buy these . They jam with dust . These do not come apart for cleanout . These will only work in a dust free shop . -LRB- A shop that is not used . -RRB- I recommend the metal gate at the same price . The metal gate is sturdy and solid .
 i wish i had read the reviews about clogging . fine dust rapidly accumulates in the grooves the gate slides in and makes closure impossible . works fine on my router table and planer -LRB- i guess the chips are too big to get stuck in the small crannies -RRB- but any tool making dust will clog in short time
 I purchased three of the plastic blast gates . I put one in line to my TS to see how it worked . It pulled apart pretty quickly as I moved the TS . This is an inexpensive product but I did expect it to be stronger.Secondly , I replaced the gate and the slide would not stay up . I had to turn it sideways to keep it from closing by itself .
 I bought these plastic blastgates because they were cheaper than aluminum . What a waste of money ! I broke two of them while installing , the slots jam up with chips , and they can not be taken apart for cleaning . As my funds allow , I will be replacing the plastic with aluminum .
 Jet JW1007 4-Inch Blast GateThese Woodstock International blast gates are identical to the ones I began using over 20 years ago . This same blast gate is sold by countless vendors ; Jet is just one of many.They are inexpensive and work acceptably , although they leak a little air when closed.They have three parts , the two halves -LRB- glued together -RRB- with the movable gate in the middle . The two halves on all of my Woodstock gates eventually came unglued . Some lasted a couple of years , and one lasted at least a decade before separating . Rather than replace them , I repaired each gate using pop-rivets or 8-32 machine screws & nuts to hold the halves together . Except for this issue , none of my plastic blast gates ever `` broke '' . The gate 's ABS plastic body is smooth and each male side is slightly tapered . Because of that taper , a clamped-on air hose tends to slip off , unless screws or other methods are used , to keep it attached . See Customer Images . It would have made sense to taper maybe the first 1/4 '' so it slides into a duct or hose , but tapering the entire male fitting end was not a great idea.I have a blast gate for the table saw , sliding compound miter saw , planer , sander , band saw , jointer , and drill press . Unlike other reviewers though , none of my Woodstock blast gate has EVER filled up with dust or debris to the point that it stopped working or needed cleaning . Perhaps that 's because the dust collector is a 3-hp 1800 cubic feet minute unit ; and the air moves so fast , it does n't have a chance to clog a blast gate ? Also , the grooves in a blast gate are more likely to clog if the gate handle faces down.I rate them at two stars , since a customer should n't have to repair a product to keep it working , and the tapered male ends allow hoses to slip off .
 I 'm an occasional woodworker and currently replacing all 5 of my Jet blast gates - typical reasons ... they clog with dust and therefore ca n't be fully closed . 2 of mine have also come apart -LRB- the front panel piece came unglued -RRB- . This product is a lemon .
 Blastgates require periodic cleaning . Problem
 What 's the point . I can get spare wire and wire nuts to ground my system far cheaper than this . i find the braided copper hard to deal with and am far happier using spare romex I have lying around the shop . Do yourself a favor and make one of these yourself .
 Read what is said at the Fine Woodworking website -LRB- from Taunton Press - a very knowledgable and reliable woodworking information publisher -RRB- about the necessity of grounding a 4 '' or less PVC duct collection system . The conclusion - unnecessary . Save your money and time and instead spend it woodworking.You can also do a Google search and find other articles that debunk this mindlessly repeated myth of wood dust explosions occurring in woodworkers ' garages . -LRB- I am only referring to home-based , 4 '' or smaller pvc piping systems -RRB-
 I used both types of band clamps - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with the ribbed hose in my dust collection system.The steel band clamps slipped more , were harder to control going on and did n't seat as well as the the wire band clamps
 I bought the adapter because I want to use my shop vac with my new Delta table saw which has a 4 '' dust collection port . It wo n't do that -- it is the same diameter on the big end as the dust port on my Delta -LRB- or any other piece of equipment -RRB- . I had expected that it would fit INTO the dust collection port and then I could hook up my shop vac . It wo n't do that , so I am still looking for one that will . If you are connecting hose to hose it should be fine , but I gave it the 1 star so you would notice the issue I raised .
 After purchasing the adapter , I found that it does not fit on the dust shield of my Jet Table Saw without a piece of 4 '' hose between the adapter and shield . After installing the hose , the adapter works fine .
 There 's nothing wrong with this part if it 's what you need , but I rated it one star just to point out the following
 The picture seems to show an adapter with a tapered transition from the large to the small dimension . In fact they have a 90 degree step making them not suitable if you are using a shop vac on the small end to exhaust a tool with a large diameter output . If you want to connect a smaller vac hose to a large dimension shop system they would be OK . I just threw them away .
 I ordered the Jet band saw - since this was listed as the reducer that went with this band saw - I ordered it - it was only a couple of dollars - so no big deal - but it does n't even come close to being the one for the band saw .
 I purchased this with a dust collection hood for my planer . The hood has a 4 '' port . I thought that I could plug my shop vac hose into this adapter and then plug the adapter into the hood . My mistake ! This will allow you to adapt a 4 '' hose to a 2.5 '' hose , but I had to tape the adapter to the hood as both ends of the adapter are female .
 You need a a piece of hose between the adapter and jointer since they both have the same OD . It is kind of anoying . It should have come with a piece of hose as well .
 I thought this would work to go from 4 '' female underneath table saw to 2.5 '' male shop vac hose . I ended up adapting a PVC reducer with several turns of duct tape to make up the gap . There has to be something out there , but this manufacturer did not seem to make it .
 The 4 '' side fits my 4 '' quick release well enough . The 2 1/2 '' side fits the END of a 2 1/2 '' hose . This does not work well if you intend to go directly from your 2 1/2 '' port on your machine to your 4 '' dust collection hose . The adapter and the port will more than likely be the exact same size -LRB- two female sides -RRB- . The adapter is also not shaped the same as in the picture . It is not funnel shaped but a 2 1/2 '' tube and a 4 '' tube connected by a flat piece .
 I bought this to connect my 4 '' Jet hose to the 2 1/2 port on my bandsaw and table saw . All the current research is to keep the dust collector draw -LRB- I have the Jet 1100 -RRB- at 4 '' -LRB- 6 '' on a planer -RRB- until right before the machine -LRB- actually to rebuild any machine to accept a 4 '' -RRB- . The ad does say it 's 2 1/2 OD and silly me , I did n't bother measuring the 2 1/2 at the tool end . Guess what ? They 're both 2 1/2 OD so they do NOT fit together . In my opinion , this is a worthless adapter - as it does n't advertise as a hose to hose connector , and hooking a 2 1/2 shop vac to a 4 '' opening at the tool is like trying to suck dust out of a garbage can with a straw - the physics are wrong - this should be only used for reducing a 4 '' hose to 2 1/2 '' at the tool , but again it 's the wrong diameter . A proper adapter should be either 2 1/4 OD or 2 1/2 ID to fit over the tool 's port . Does anyone know where to find such an animal ? I finally found a rubber plumbing connector -LRB- at Home Depot -RRB- that joined the two 2 1/2 OD fittings together . This works but we should 've have to do this for a peice of plastic they charge over $ 5 for . Please do not hook a shop vac to a jointer and expect to remove the 1 to 5 micron diameter dust particles that can cause COPD -LRB- lung disease -RRB- , you 'll only get the chips , sort of .
 WATCH OUT!My Jet JW1044 4 '' to 2 1/2 '' adapter arrived today . Because I needed one badly I paid $ 6.81 for the part and $ 9.99 for shipping BUT I needed an adapter that was 4 '' INSIDE diameter on the large end and 2 1/2 '' inside diameter -LRB- nominal -RRB- on the small end.The item I received , marked `` JW1044 '' , is 4 '' OUTSIDE diameter on the large end.THERE IS NO INDICATION OF THE TRUE , USEFUL , SIZES OF THE ENDS OF THIS ADAPTER IN THE AMAZON LISTING!WATCH OUT !
 the 4 inch to 2-1/2 in reducer is useless with the Jet saw I ordered . The 4 inch end is exactly the size of the opening of the dust collector in the saw , so it neither goes into nor around the opening . The 2-1/2 inch end fits into the dust collector hose perfectly . I rated this one star because 0 was not available
 When buying a Grizzly 14 `` bandsaw , a riser kit , a mobile platform , extra blades , and some abrasives , all shipping from different places , this simple .89 cent reducer cost over $ 10.00 to ship . Surely this was a mistake that will be corrected , if not , Amazon will get no more of my business and I will spread the word to the best of my ability .
 you would think this fitting is all you need to be able to use a shop vac , it wont work ; unless you also buy a 4 '' hose and other fittings?dont waist your money , -LRB- there are other fitting out there -RRB-
 PAID FOR 2 DAY SHIP TOOK OVER 2 WEEKS ITS BULL SHOT AND IT DOES INT EVEN FIT THE TABLE SAW WHAT A RIP FORK AMAZON
 I ordered this because it was recommended by Amazon as an adaptor to smaller hose size , but in fact it does not fit . The diameter of the Woodstock Dust Collector is 4 '' ; the adaptor is 3-7/8 '' actual , so it wo n't slide into or over the housing . Now I have to find yet another tube to connect the two parts . Dumb solution !!
 As another reviewer said ... . this is the exact same size as the tool port I have ... . it is NOT four inches , but slightly less . If it were exactly four inches , it would have worked ... . if it were funnel shaped , it would have worked , but it 's the exact same size as my dust port . it will not fit over , or inside my dust port . The industry needs a better explanation for dust port sizes ... . This has caused me agravation a few other times on shop vac and other tool dust port sizes.Gene
 I bought this adapter to reduce the 4 inch opening on my delta planner but it is the exact size as the opening on the planner . I though the purpose of a reducer was to fit 4 inch openings without another adapter . I had to buy a 4 inch to 4 inch coupling to make this work .
 The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application . That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together , like a garden hose or radiator hose . But with a DC application of a ribbed hose , DO NOT use the steel band clamp , use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to secure the wire rib . The steel banding is not designed to do that task . Whereas , the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.I tried to save the twenty cents over the wire clamp , and wound up stripping the clamp thread on about 50 % of the applications with the steel band clamps . I antied up and spent the extra cash and got the right product , the wire clamps for the ribbed DC hose .
 Do n't waste your time with these . I returned 60 of these clamps after using 12 and found them to strip the thread very easily . Buy the wire clamps .
 I used both types of band clamps - steel band clamps and wire band clamps - with the ribbed hose in my dust collection system.The steel band clamps slipped more , were harder to control going on and did n't seat as well as the the wire band clamps
 Too much $ - too much unplugging . Works great in the Dark , but stays on during day ! Always on during the day must unplug . Must take an awful lot of day light to turn this thing off ! Works great at night - other than it stays on too long after no motion . Too expensive and too much hassle to unplug during the day .
 This light color is definitely yellow , very low end of visible light spectrum . If you do n't mind that , go for it . I do , since I like my lights , house and car headlights for example , white , e.g. 5000-5100K . Most people probably do n't care , considering all the 5 star reviews here .
 Ok , ... well , these were GREAT for two months . I bought three of them and that was in December ... now it is only February and TWO of them have stopped working . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! Do n't buy them ... I 'm SO disappointed . And , I keep waiting for the one that is still working to die -LRB- it should n't be long now -RRB- . What a rip off !
 Updated review
 Unit came in opened package , tried it in several locations , red light indicates it is getting power . Checked light bulb . Never has turned on.Cost to send pack probably exceeds cost of product not counting the hassle.Do not buy this product
 Shipping was prompt ! I purchased this product in hopes of a good deal , I was wrong . The set came delivered with corrosion already on it sealed in its red case . The case is cheap im not even going to describe it . Then i opened it , I could n't believe how poorly made this product is . They are not even symmetric , The casting is all crooked and uneven , crowfoot set is full of imperfections , corrosion , lopsided , looks as if they were made by hand There is no way the company uses a quality control system . I tried to look past all of that , i could n't even get the one of the crowfoot to fully seat hardware i was torquing because the crowfoot was so crooked . I will be returning them , There is no way i will use this on a Car let alone a Aircraft . Garbage ! Oh and it says right on the set , `` Made in China '' . I suggest Amazon drop this product from their store .
 The manufacture 's review should state
 The steel band clamp should only be used in one type of application . That being where you are putting two SMOOTH surfaces together , like a garden hose or radiator hose . But with a DC application of a ribbed hose , the steel band clamp is NOT the preferred choice , use the wire clamp.The steel band clamp will only strip and never be fully seated trying to compress and secure the wire rib to the smooth DC fitting . The steel banding and worm screw is not designed to do that task and provide the needed pressure to fully seat the ribbed hose . Whereas , the wire clamp will actually strattle the rib on both sides and create a perfect clamping fit.I tried to save the ten cents over the wire clamp , and wound up stripping the clamp thread on about 75 % of the 3 '' hose applications with the steel band clamps . I antied up and spent the extra cash and got the right product , the wire clamps for the ribbed DC hose .
 If I find a good deal on AMAZON it seems like they always end up cancelling my order . What a slap in the face !!! Here you go and just when you ca n't wait to get the item they send you an email stating ... `` sorry there was a pricing error '' or some other BS.Amazon is not worth the frustration . I have had my order cancelled three times and twice they could not ship on time making me wait 2 extra weeks .
 Paid for 5 only received one . This item is still mis-marked even after someone else had this problem .
 They sent me this clamp as pictured . It clearly says 5 pack . I received 1 clamp only . After returning it they said they would send me a new shipment with 5 . Again I received only 1 clamp . Then I tried to return it for my money back and they responded by sending me another shipment . I am willing to bet it will only have 1 . This is NOT customer service . It 's a Pain and after waiting over a Month I still do n't have what I need . I had to find an alt . to fix my project and these will be useless to me ! I will never buy from amazon again .
 This is nothing more than glorified dryer vent hose . Someone in the marketing department used a good bit of literary license when they described this as `` heavy-duty , clear , wire-reinforced hose is strong , durable , flexible , and reliable '' . If you need a short piece 6 '' -12 '' for a final hook up it might work , but if you 're looking for 6 '' hose for a roll around dust collector look elsewhere . This hose is totally unsuited for that type application . It 's thin walled and not rigid , as soon as you put a vacuum to it collapses on itself . for $ 5 per foot it 's Pure junk ...
 LIKE ANY `` OLD-SCHOOL , '' TESTOSTERONE-DRIVEN , ALPHA-MALE WHO IDENTIFIES WITH CHARACTERS LIKE `` TIM , ` THE TOOL-MAN , ' TAYLOR -LRB- TOOL-TIME -RRB- , I JUST HAD TO HAVE THESE `` RUGGED '' BLAST-GATES IN MY DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEM ... . AND I DO.HOWEVER , I AM ALSO AN `` OLD-SCHOOL TIGHTWAD '' AND COULD NOT AFFORD TO OUTFIT MY ENTIRE SYSTEM WITH THESE `` HEAVY DUTY ' BLAST GATES.SO ... . I WAS `` FORCED '' TO ALSO PURCHASE THE `` PLASTIC '' BLAST-GATES TO SAVE MONEYJet JW1007 4-Inch BlastgateAS THESE PLASTIC GATES ARE NEARLY 1/3 THE COST OF THE ALUMINUM GATES.I INCORPORATED THEM INTO MY SYSTEM OUT OF NECESSITY , AS A TEMPORARY `` FIX , '' UNTIL I COULD AFFORD TO REPLACE THEM . MY INTENTION WAS TO REPLACE THEM WITH THE `` MANLY-BLAST-GATES '' AS SOON AS FINANCES PERMITTED.FOR MY APPLICATION , THE ALUMINUM BLAST-GATES ARE TERRIBLE AND THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATES ARE FANTASTIC.MOST OF MY `` DUST '' IS METAL-SHAVINGS AND GLASS-BEAD . THE ALUMINUM GATES ARE VERY HARD TO OPEN AND CLOSE , AS THE GATE DOES NOT WANT TO `` GLIDE '' IN ITS TRACK -LRB- PROBABLY DUE TO DUST `` JAMMING '' THE SPACE BETWEEN THE GATE AND THE RAILS -RRB- . THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATES GLIDE EFFORTLESSLY AND DO NOT SEEM TO BE AFFECTED BY `` MY DUST '' AT ALL . *** THIS HARSH REVIEW `` MAY NOT APPLY '' IF YOU ARE EXCLUSIVELY CREATING WOOD-DUST IN A WOOD-SHOP *** I WOULD RECOMMEND CHECKING OTHER REVIEWS FROM WOOD-SHOP DUST-COLLECTION SYSTEMS.I AM NOW PREPARING TO SWITCH OUT THE ALUMINUM BLAST-GATES WITH THE PLASTIC GATES . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE PLASTIC BLAST-GATESJet JW1007 4-Inch Blastgate . I HAVE HAD THEM NOW FOR ABOUT A YEAR . THEY WORK SMOOTHLY AND ARE JUST AS RUGGED AS THE ALUMINUM GATES . I HAVE HAD NO BREAKAGE OR MALFUNCTION AND THE GATES WORK VERY WELL WITH A GOOD SEAL .
 These are the same product and quality that you can buy from various sources , but these are 1/3 again as much !! No matter whos ' you buy expect to have to use some silicon to seal them up or they will leak mercilessly.I hope this helps and , Good Luck with your own dreams !
 Bought this floor lamp several years ago . Ca n't say it was used very much but it 's nice to have light where you need it when reading . Well my kittens knocked it over and the bulb got lost . Referenced the materials sent with the purchased product and got a 3 pack of replacement bulbs . First bulb blew out immediately so we unplugged the light , replaced the bulb and plugged it back in . Second one also blew out when it was plugged back in . Hunk of junk ! This light is not inexpensive so you 'd think it would hold up better .
 I expected the wire clamps to be a better alternative to the steel-band hose clamps since the wires can wrap the grooves of the hose . The problem with these is that one wire crosses a hose rib instead of seating in the groove all the way around , which means you really have to apply torque to get a firm seating . The phillips screw head on these is worthless on that score and you really need a ratchet for the torque -LRB- which the screw head accommodates -RRB- . Several times I thought I had a firm install and only to have the hose plop right off . Also youre not careful you can dislodge the little washer that is part of the screw design.I 've gotten excellent results with the steel-band hose clamps . The ratchet design appears to be superior and one can apply the torque to get a really firm seal . I have not tried the JET version of these clamps , instead from a home supply store .
 I see that Amazon lowered the price back down to $ 1 . At the time of my original review , they price was up around $ 4 ... hence the 1 star . The product itself works as advertised , so I give it 5 stars .
 This is the first and last Jet product I 'll ever buy . Very poor design includes a internal mitered corner that has sharp edges and reduces flow area by at least a third . If you want a dust collector that plugs up use these elbows .
 In comparision to the counterpart black hose , the only advantage I can think of is that you can see thru this hose to easily identify where any possible clogs are located . With the black hose you have to use trial and error , and possible take the entire DC system apart to find the clog . With the clear hose , you can see it and go right to the problem spot . Is this worth almost double the price of a black hose?That can only be answered by the user . I 'm using the clear hose only off of machinery where large chips are make , my lathe and bore machine -LRB- drill press -RRB- . Other than that , I opted for the cheaper black hose . I also have those two machines located the closest to the dust collection machine , so the hose length , and chip travel , is the least possible .
 The quality is great - 5 star . This price is ridicules - 0 star . Check another source . Read Controlling Dust in the Workshop by Rick Peters . I have used about 60 ' of this my workshop to connect each of my power tools to my metal duct system .
 The faucet literally sprayed out the back against the wall . The inside O-ring had a large defect in it , and I had to go purchase an O-ring at a hardware store to keep from damaging my kitchen .
 I finally replaced this after living with it for 10 years . It was fine at first but soon there was always water on the deck next to it , I could not see it leaking at first but gradually it worked its way up to a stream . Kohler sent me a free rebuild kit - It went back to the Imperceptible leak mode . A few years later I put another free o-ring kit into it . I thought `` what a great company , it 's out of Warrantee and they still sent me free parts '' I guess they knew something I did n't . Instead of fixing it again I threw it out , and bought a Grohe . I should have listened to my plumber . They make good toilets & bath tubs though .
 Water comes out like a shower head and splashes all over like , well , a shower . What were they thinking with this design?I contacted Kohler about the problem and they promptly sent a new aerator . Faucet works just fine now .
 The one person who reviewed this item gave it a bad review but being an optimist and since it was what I wanted it , I ordered it . It is the most worthless piece of equipment and I think Amazon should no longer carry such a defective item . I doubt I could get my money back but a word to potential buyer-BEWARE .
 was sent a used item and when I complained , was sent a second used item even though I asked them not to send another one .
 I purchased this sprayer here on Amazon . It failed on the first use . The hose is too rigid and found it difficult to manipulate it around . I loaded the sprayer 1/3 with bug spray and started using it , however the hose is so rigid that it started leaking at the handle by getting itself loose from moving the handle around . I tried to tighten the fitting but that did n't stop the leaking . I ended up having chemicals on my hands and clothes . Disappointing product , is it that expensive to the manufacturer to build it with a good quality flexible hose ? I never returned a product to Amazon , but I think this one will go back .
 Have owned this saw since 12/07 and used two or three times , am totaly unimpressed with it . imho my bow saw probably works as well or better . Purchessed this because of all the exellent reviews . must not be holding my mouth right , But this saw does not work for me !
 It 's noisy , but it works OK in a tight space , like my condo in Cambridge . The fence sticks and it 's impossible to get straight , and then it moves and the tiles bind . I yanked it off and in the process I broke one end -LRB- it 's poly something or other and thinly made so it was easy -RRB- I went to MK looking for parts and they provide a list of distributors . . . $ 12.00 for the fence -LRB- OK -RRB- $ 14.00 for the shipping -LRB- thanks a pant load -RRB- . What I 'm gon na do is bend a piece of steel to go around and catch the groove that runs along the back . It 's not worth it to me to buy another saw . You could also draw a line on the tile and cut by eye but that 's a nuisance if you have a lot of similar cuts .
 On the very first tile I cut , the motor caught fire . I did not bind the blade or overheat it . What a great tool -LRB- not -RRB- . Only recommended if you want to roast marshmallows or as a toy for a wanna-be handyman .
 I ordered this tile saw in the spring and am just now getting around to using it . As I was putting it together , I discovered that the tile guide , which is made of plastic , is broken . I have no way of guiding the tiles and can not believe the guide was broken when being taken out of the box or during shipping . I am now going to have to go to Lowe 's to purchase a saw , as I do not that the time to send this one back or to order a replacement piece . Disgusted .
 This tile saw was not very nice and fairly hard to use . It was messy and hard to get straight cuts with this saw . The quality of the saw was not very solid and the safety cover for the blade really did n't work well . I would only use this saw if you had a few 6 inch or 8 inch tiles to cut . I think it would have been better to rent a good tile saw or buy a better one . We eneded up throwing this saw in the trash when we were done with it . Also , it could make some of the more complex cut -LRB- e.g. cut the center of a tile out for an electrical outlet -RRB- . Not a great product .
 I bought this saw after finally burning my Plasplugs 4 year old saw out because I thought I 'd save -LSB- money -RSB- . How wrong I was ! The motor kept tripping out , guide was ineffective and the noise of the motor deafening . Fortunately I got my money back and bought another Plasplugs saw which I was surprised to findout is made in the US and not China like MK 's . Save yourself some time and energy buy Plasplugs first .
 While this is a functional basic wet-saw , it has a number of drawbacks :1 . The fence is poorly designed and manufactured - the tabs broke off in the first week of use . Cheap Chinese crap plastic and poor industrial design .2 . The blade will only cut `` soft '' clay tile - do n't even try to cut porcelain .3 . Limited to cuts under 8 '' because of the way the fence is attached .4 . Hard to find this size of replacement blade , Next time I would pay more and buy a 7 '' wet saw with the motor and blade above a sliding table .
 I have use this saw only 3 times now , and I dont even want to look at it again . what can i say it was a complete waste of money.heres why
 The first thing I noticed after assembling the saw was that the motor was loose causing the saw blade to wobble . I had a deadloine to complete a small project so I didn `` t have time to return the itme and wait for another ... who knows if the next one would have the same problem . The fence is practically useless . It 's nearly impossible to adjust the fence to your desired cut and then tighten the fence and not watch it move . I ended up not even using the fence . Very time consuming !! Also , I 'm not sure if this is the saw 's fault or the cheap tile I used but at the end of every cut the tile would chip rendering one peice useless . But hey ... I guess you get what you pay for !
 Do n't buy this saw ! Despite slowly feeding the tiles so as not to overtax the small motor the motor on this saw burned up after cutting less than a dozen 1/4 '' floor tiles .
 Not what I expected from this saw . Use it only if you are going to cut small , 6 '' or less tiles . I would not recommended for lager tiles . Save your money . It is really messy . Water goes almost everywhere and is a pain to clean . Either buy a more expensive one or rent a heavy duty one from a rental center . This saw is for an amateur and not for professional results . Bottom line is that you get what you pay for .
 This could be a good saw if only the company had made the fence a little more durable and user friendly . If not just perfectly aligned the saw binds and chips the end of each cut . The guide could be easier to see also , as it gets filled with crud very quickly . I used it for about an hour on a small job that required many cuts and got so frustrated I put it back in the box for return tomorrow . That is why I deal with amazon.com .
 Home Depot rents the Diamond tile saws , one model up from this one so assumed that if they are good enough for rental and associated heavy use its right for me . The saw arrived and we immediately found that the reset button which is located on the motor fell right into the motor and was not attached to the housing . I returned it without trying it . Amazon wants you to pay postage and they will refund it due to being defective . Well , this big and heavy box was UPS $ 120 to ship . I contacted Amazon and they sent me a return label , much better idea ! They get far better rates . In conclusion , the saw probably is ideal , just not this one . I got a Ridgid instead , cheaper and miter 's and is great !
 You would think that MK Diamond would have the table alignment down pat by now , but they do n't . We could n't even get the center grove in the table lined up with the saw blade while keeping the back of the table at a 90 deg . to the saw blade . Table bearings are very poor quality , wo n't hold lubrication for more than 10 minutes making it very hard to push table when sawing tile . The 45 Deg cutting attachment that comes with the saw is useless because of its ill fit on the table . Forget this saw spend a little more money and go buy yourself a DeWalt tile saw even if it 's a refurbished one . I am very dissatisfied with this saw .
 For $ 600.00 it is a good quality saw if the motor works . Unfortunately after the seventh project in a year and a half , the motor quit . I just got word that a replacement will cost me $ 425.00 . The repair will be $ 250 to $ 300 if the parts can be located . The problem with the repair is that all the parts necessary are not readily available.Don ' t waste your money on the Hot Dog blade if you are cutting large pieces . It is too thin and has a mind of its own . Your cuts will not be straight .
 I ordered this clamp based on the photograph in the catalog and the text that states it is a `` face frame clamp '' . Later I found that the clamps pictured are actually two different clamps made by Woodstock . One for face frame and one for clamping thin stock at right angles . Unfortunately Tool Crib only has the one for thin stock .
 Wierd to say the least . The claws are only good for pulling nails . You beter be accurate with your strikes . If an when you do hit the nail it does it 's job quickly . Definitely not a framing hammer replacement .
 I think this nailer has the potential for being very good , albeit in its current model it falls very short of what I expected . All too frequently it jams or the nails are not recessed correctly if at all . I find that using a manual nailer is much simpler , safer and if you factor in the time needed to fix all the jams - is much quicker -LRB- and a heck of a lot cheaper -RRB- . I would give this current model two thumbs down and would not recommend it to anyone who lays hardwood flooring for a living .
 Recently purchased Porta-Nails 421P kit . Nothing but trouble with jamming . Contacted Porta-Nails and they sent an update kit which I installed . Gun would work for about 10-12 nails and still jams . Re-adjust , it would work again for a few more nails before jamming again . Continually needed to be re-adjusted . Totally dissatisfied with this product . All this in less than 2 boxes of nails.Ended up purchasing a manual nailer which never let me down .
 Based on spec sheets this 421p seems to be a great too and very versital too . However user experience tells me otherwise . Does the manufacture claim how many jams to expect using the 421p , not that I know of . They do n't claim the tool will not jam at all . Here are some facts from my experience using this tool on a flooring job that I was not able to complete because of 421p jamming issues and frustration . Time is money and I do n't appreciate stopping every 10-15 minutes to reset a tool . I used approximately 2000 nails and had 32 jams . I might accept 1 jam but certainly not 32 . I saved the ` T ' nails to prove it . The air pressure I used was between 95 and 115 PSI because I was trying different levels to stop the jams . I tried hitting the tool softer and softer , I tried a bit harder than recommended . I even tried a lighter rubber mallet . Then I tried applying more pressure to the handle to hold the tool down to the floor . Nothing worked , the tool kept jamming up . During preparations I located all floor joists , placed down the construction paper and snapped lines marking joist locations so I would not hit a nail or screw head with the 421p . I do n't have a clue as to what was wrong , the tool , erroneous air pressure valves , maybe the wood was too hard -LRB- I doubt it -RRB- or the tool was a lemon . I 'm an engineer so I even considered the material quality of the Porta-Nails themselves . However I do n't have the capabilities to see if the nails were too soft or if they were suppose to be a certain thickness and were not . What I do know is I was very disgusted messing with a $ 500 plus tool . I wanted to install my flooring and wasted so much time and energy that I finally ran out of time and stopped the job . Now I 'm returning the 421p and can only hope that I get a refund . When I find a dependable nailer I 'll will finish the job . Good Luck with your porta-nailer 421p .
 While the saw may be good -LRB- we dont know -RRB- , only the craziest of gamblers will order this online after hearing our experiences : o ordered this sawo 2wks later , get the saw . It arrives cracked.o call toolcrib , ask for replacemento 1 wk later , UPS picks it up . Toolcrib gets it a week later.o another 2 wks and the replacement arrives . Its cracked too.o call toolcrib , tell them to cancel everything and refund uso a week later UPS takes away the box from our porch.o 2-4 wks later toolcrib will refund our credit card : -LRB- Lesson
 I was using it to paint a couple of rooms in my basement . The machine was brand new out from the box . Two hours later the tip of the gun went bust . I 've never thought having any problem with the new machine , but I was wrong . I had to finish the rest with the roller . Later , I called tech . support explained the situation requesting a new tip -LRB- not the whole spray gun -RRB- He said the gun is not under warranty and I have to pay for a new one . -LRB- do n't you just hate it after you paid -LSB- alot of money -RSB- for a new paint sprayer and then you have to pay more for broken part on your first use . ...
 clogs up with chalkca n't controle the speedca n't take it apart to repair , clogs or jams .
 When this item was opened to be installed with the 52 '' Hunter Original we ordered , the installer informed me that it could not be used since it was not threaded on both ends . This item is threaded only on one end with the other end having some sort of mounting hole . Perhaps it can be used on other styles of Hunter fans but not on the one we purchased . A quick trip to a local building supply outlet solved the problem with the purchase of the correct downrod which was threaded on each end.Amazon has very kindly and quickly offered a refund and I can not say enough good things about how this was handled .
 I had the same problem as others , I ordered multi packs of two different sizes of these clamps and only received one of each . The clamps seem to work well but they seem to have trouble filling orders for these correctly
 Be careful ordering this JW1319 -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- I ordered two and thought I would get a total of 10 clamps , nope , I only got two clamps . After a re-order , the same thing , only two clamps for $ 7.00 . Those are some expensive clamps .
 I agree with Mr Vaughn . This is my third replacement in 5 years . The first failed after 2 years , leaking and destroying my brand new cabinet floor . This one is now disintegrating and white material in now in the hot water . Zero customer service from the mfgr . Thanks to Mr Vaughn 's review I will search for a replacement from another manufacturer . By the way , i am dissatisfied with all the Franke products -LRB- deep double ss sink that stains like crazy , expensive designer faucet that broke in less than 2 years , and the infernal Butler -RRB- that I installed in my $ 100,000 kitchen.Franke
 Bought this 5 years ago and had it installed which cost well over $ 500 . It has stopped working and absolute zero customer service . Asked Customer Service how to fix it and was told no you just have to replace it . Nice , $ 100 . + cost per year for a cheap hot water heater .
 My Francke little Butler started leaking from the bottom of the heating tank . The written warranty for the entire Francke unit is 5 years with no exclusion or limitation for the heating tank . I called Francke and first they referred me to the manufacturer of the tank , Anaheim , who said their warranty is only for 1 year . I called Francke back and they said if it 's the tank , there 's only a 1 year warranty . The written warranty they provide is clearly inconsistent with their claim . They then said that `` in these circumstances '' all they would do is sell me a new tank for 1/2 MSRP -LRB- MSRP is 25 % above the price you can actually buy a replacement tank on the internet -RRB- . Bottom line , they do n't stand behind their warranty . Sounds like this is a common problem , and rather than stand behind their warranty , they are banking that no one will sue them if they make a small accommodation on the price of a new tank . I 'll never buy another product from a company that operates this way .
 The plumbers just left . After 2 years , another Franke Failure . After fixing the same leak last year , I sent away for the kit from Franke and it arrived . The unit began to leak so I called the plumbers and had them install the fix . Problem now is that the inlet has a pressed in washer were ca n't get to so they have capped it all and I am off to buy another one ... but , it wo n't be a Franke .
 When we remodeled our kitchen , we fell for the salesman 's recommendation and purchased Franke Sink , faucet , soap dispenser and hot water dispenser . All these cost more than double compared to other brands . We thought we were buying the best-NOT SO!First the faucet started leaking . I changed some washers and the leak stopped.Last year the soap dispenser 's pump went bad . I picked up another unit from Home Depot for $ 22 , and it has been working great.This month , when we tried using the hot water dispenser , our kitchen got flooded . I took the tank apart and found out where the leak was . All it needed was a rubber `` O '' ring where the solid cold water inlet pipe entered the tank.I called Franke and was told that Franke had no replacement parts and the only solution was to replace the $ 398 tank.I took the pipe to the ACE Hardware , bought an `` O '' ring for .45 cents , came home and put the tank back together with the new `` O '' ring . Guess what ? NO LEAKS !!!! Any company refusing to offer replacement parts , forcing you to spend almost $ 400 for a .45 cent part , has nothing in mind but to rip the consumers off.My suggestion is that , instead of sending your hard earned money to Switzerland and getting ripped off by them , keep the money in this country and buy American.Frankly , NO MORE FRANKE for us !
 After 5 years of owning the Franke Little Butler , it started leaking form the bottom of the unit . I researched the unit on the internet , and found specs and diagrams . I called the company , but they were of zero help . So I opened the unit , and found that the part that was leaking was a cheap piece of plastic . I found a metal version of the same part at the local hardware store , and installed it . Was n't too hard . It fixed the leak , and the unit heated up again . But then the unit 's temp controller was n't functioning properly , and the only temperature produced was so hot that it caused the pressure release feature to activate -- causing scalding hot water to hiss from the Franke spigot -LRB- and scaring the heck out of my wife and kids !! -RRB- So i 'm browsing the internet for either reasonably priced Franke unit or an alternative mini hot water heater . Does anyone know of a more reliable replacement for the Franke heating tank ?!
 Agree with several of the reviews above . Tank started leaking after about two years and needed to be replaced . My parents have the same little buttler at their house and have had to replace the tank twice .
 I had a Franke instant hot water dispenser installed about 5 years ago when I renovated my kitchen . About a year and a half ago it started leaking so I just turned off the water and stopped using it . When the plumber came out the other day for an unrelated problem , I asked him to take a look at the hot water dispenser to see if he could fix it . His advice was to replace it and suggested that I go to Amazon to check out prices . However , from the reviews I 'm reading , I do n't think I want to buy another Franke product . If Franke monitors customer feedback , it should be ashamed to hear what 's being said about the quality and service of it 's products . Meanwhile I think I 'll either replace it with another brand or simply use my Keurig coffee maker and not even worry about it . To my way of thinking , reputation is everything and these reviews turn me off to your company and hence your product .
 What can I say that others have n't said . I replaced two leaking tanks , a couple of plastic hoses and had the inside of my kitchen cabinet redone twice because elements of the unit leak . As of yesterday a slow leak had developed from a hose or from the tank and over time had caused mold to grow under the sink ruining the flooring below the cabinet . Even if Franke lived up to their warrantees , why would anybody risk ruining cabinetry without any recourse . I 'm thinking of just getting a cold water dispenser and using a tea kettle .
 When working , the Franke Little Butler performs as advertized . The problem is , they do n't last . My first one went out after about 4 years , my 2nd one after 18 months . Unfortunately , the warranty is only one year . I 'll be searching for a replacement from a different manufacturer . By the way , I 've had their faucet too and just replaced it with a Moen , which in my opinion is a much better product .
 This is not a review because I just bought this item , but a review because I have had two leaky heaters from Franke in four years . I would suggest to anyone looking for one of these heaters to look for some other brand than Franke . It 's expensive and if they do n't last longer than four years , there is something terribly wrong ! The original was purchased from a kitchen and bath shop and professionally installed . The replacement came from the manufacturer , Anaheim Manufacturing in Anaheim , CA . The warranty is only for a year . Actually we 've had trouble with the whole system , the filter cap and the hot and cold water valves all needed replacement . Bad Lil Butler ! Buyer beware!UPDATE 11/4/2011 Just wanted to add this comment ... just replaced heating tank with same Franke model purchased on Ebay from davidsfind . Brand new in box , fast shipping incl for less than Amazon price -LRB- sorry Amazon -RRB- . Excellent price . Excellent seller !
 This is essentially a miniature water heater . Originally purchased in mid-2005 . Started leaking in 2008 . Replaced cracked plastic internal coupler with brass one from hardware store . Started leaking again in November 2011 . This time the culprits were the plastic seal around the bottom of the tank and the expansion bladder connection . Franke -LRB- and their supplier Anaheim Manufacturing -RRB- both refused to provide replacement parts and stated that I need to purchase a complete replacement tank . This is not good for the environment ! Perfectly good stainless steel tank , housing , electrical element , styrofoam insulation , and other parts are going to the landfill when all we need are a couple of small lightweight parts . It worked out to about $ 0.16 / day , the equivalent of about $ 0.08 / cup of tea . A full-size 40-gallon electric water heater costs less ! If the manufacturer would sell a kit consisting of 5 rubber seals , I could re-assemble the tank and it would last for the rest of the life of the heating element . Looks like InSinkErAtor is getting better reviews lately .
 We had one installed in February , 2010 and it started leaking in April , 2012 . Unfortunately , most of the reviews here were made after I started the purchase process . I took the unit apart and it looks like the inlet fitting that is in the corner broke . Unfortunately , this is a plastic part , so there is no easy way to replace it . I know that heaters do not last forever , but it should have last longer , I would expect 5 years . I 'm looking for another manufacturer . I recommended that this unit be installed locally , two other units were installed . Now I 'm going to recommend that the Franke tanks be replaced pro-actively so as to avoid failure . Franke , you have a PR problem here .
 This Franke water heater has all plastic fittings that are ill-fitting and it was very difficult to get the heater to be leak-free . I eventually went to the hardware store with the unit and asked for the appropriate fittings to install the heater . He sold me the fittings and then showed me a heater he had in stock with the fittings I purchased . The unit in the store was far cheaper . Also , I paid for one-day shipping and received it in four days . This is not a product that I would recommend to a friend -- or even an enemy for that matter .
 Thanks , Frank . My Franke HT-200 leaked after less than two years and ruined my wood kitchen cabinets . I strongly suggest that you not buy the Franke HT-200 Little Butler Instant hot water unit -LRB- or any Franke water heater , considering their failure to properly stand behind their own product -RRB- .
 I agree with the poor reviews of this device -LRB- boiler unit only -RRB- . We installed 2 of them , one upstairs and one on the main floor . The failure of the downstairs unit resulted in a major flood because my wife and I were away from home . That was a significant insurance issue . The failure of the second device happened while my wife was using it , so we were fortunate . I discussed the issue with my plumber who said he has had other customers who have experience failures and recommended replacing it with a different , more reliable brand . He also used the term `` cranky Franke '' . Beware of this unit .
 My plumber came this week to install this unit for one of my clients . The client has reported that the unit and/or faucet is sputtering when discharging the hot water as if there is air in the supply lines . Still trouble shooting it ... not sure if it is the heater or the faucet yet . Will update when resolved .
 We ended up buying 2 of these units that both failed - only to find out they are now being made by a new company that said they only work with faucets made prior to 2003/2004 when the pressure was changed in the faucets . Our original unit was 1999 . They will work if you buy a new faucet ! List price of faucet is between $ 550 and $ 600 + but Franke will give you it at 1/2 price if requested at customer service - will also give you a tank at 1/2 price -LRB- which was less than we paid here -RRB- if your tank failed . A very frustating process ! Sure wish this vendor explained that you could only use this with faucets made after this change .
 Our third tank in 10 years just started leaking - like the prior two . This time I disassembled to see what was going on inside . In this particular unit the source of the leak is a rubber gasket that is trying to seal the area where the heating element comes together with the tank . There is a barrel shaped stainless steel tank covered in styrofoam sitting inside the outer shell of the unit . The tank has a roughly 2 inch circular hole in the side of it . On the outside of the tank you find a plug with electrical connections . The plug screws into the heating element which is inside the tank . Spring loaded contacts make the electrical connections between these two parts , and they smelled burnt when I disassembled . A rubber gasket sits in between the plug and the heating element and is supposed to seal everything up . It looks like the rubber gasket hardens over time , which causes the unit to leak . In other words this thing is always going to fail after some amount of time - which is no doubt why the warranty is crafted the way it is and there are so many reports here of leaking units .
 Not worth the money with all the leaks . Not sure why they have the cold water go through the faucet before it enters the tank . Makes install tougher . There has to be a tankless alternative . Dont bother with the Franke
 After 5 years , our Little Butler leaked all over the cabinet floor with white crusty deposits . We were told `` it 's not repairable '' . Replacement units are not exactly cheap . The unit uses a huge amount of power . Filter elements are expensive . It is one of these ` luxury ' plumbing items for suckers who do n't care they 're being ripped off . So this is European quality ?
 Franke is great for aesthetic design , and I love my Franke sink . But the Little Butler water heater developed a leak in under 5 years , and the Franke faucet started falling apart soon after . I 'm sticking with Moen or Delta -LRB- lifetime warranty on faucet & great customer service -RRB- for faucets and switching to Insinkerator for hot water dispenser and filter . Insinkerator filters are half the price of Franke .
 The one that I got did not work . There was no power going to the recept . I did not want to take another chance on the 2nd one , because of the lack & slowness of contact from the supplying company . I had no problem with Amazon , they did credit my account .
 I purchased this hoping to use it outside . Forget about that . Almost impossible to make out the laser dot in anything but a fairly dark room . Fine , I thought , I 'll just use it inside . Well , nice thought , but it stopped working the 3rd time I tried to use it . Nice idea - really really poor execution . Bought a laser level from -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks less than this that works great . Save your money - do n't buy this - go to -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 I bought this tool for the versatility , and the tool seemed to work well at first . However , after using the tool only a few times the tool failed -LRB- plastic gears inside -RRB- . I am very disappointed in this product and would not recommend it to anyone . I was talking about it to a friend of mine who also had two of them fail only after a few uses . The first time it happened to him he thought it was just a manufacturer defect and being under warranty got another one . The same thing happened , so he returned it and got his money back ... lucky for him it happened soon after he bought it . I bought mine about a year ago , so I 'm out of luck .
 I 'm the typical doityourselfer and I certainly think I do not use the Rotozip for more than it was intended , but recently it started sounding like something was loose and scraping inside of it while in use -LRB- a very unpleasant and alarming sound -RRB- . Like other reviewers , I opened up my Rotozip to discover the cooling fan rubbing up against the housing . Years ago , I paid over $ 200 for my Rotozip and am pretty angry that such a potentially dangerous flaw would find its way into such a widely sold product . Aside from attempting the Loctite fix , I 'll probably replace this tool with a Craftsman brand rotorary cutting tool simply because it would seem that brand would make a difference in this case - especially if you plan to use a product for more than a few years . I will never endorse Rotozip tools should anyone ever ask me .
 ... It in not a heavyduty tool . I did not see any adjustment in speed by the electronics to keep the speed constant . There was a lot of play/vibration in the bearings . The metal cut off disks are -LSB- costly -RSB- and do not last as long as the ones on my other tools , and you have to buy their brand to fit ...
 I have been using the Revolution spiral cut tool for a few months in a professional capacity , previously using the Dremel for drywall cuts . The Revolution shaft lock has be redesigned which is good news , the old design would fall apart with minimal useage . I am on my third Revolution now within 5 months . Its a great for cutting drywall , however if you use the tool for harder materials such as plywood , hardyboard , OSB , or particle board expect a drastically shortened tool life . I use this tool because it will not crack or split Formica . Heat generated while cutting , travels up the shaft and begins to melt the plastic fan blade . With the fan 's tight tolerance to the housing , it begins to drag causing more noise and quicker failure from wobble at 30,000 rpm . A few countertop sink cutouts is all this tool can handle in 3/4 '' particle board before failure , with changing the bit 3 or 4 times for each sink to insure a sharp bit . Maybe if you could allow the tool to cool for 30 minutes for every 5 minutes of cutting , it would last longer , however this in impractical with a customer standing over you . And there is only a one year warranty from original purchase . Since they replace the tool and not repair it , the warranty should begin a new period . This would force them into incorporating a billet aluminum fan blade more quickly . Its hell to be at customers and have a tool failure . Maybe I should become a dealer and carry a few Revolutions in stock on my truck and perhaps even bill the customer for a new tool each time i use it , under consumables . ALWAYS WEAR EAR PLUGS AND SAFETY GLASSES WHILE USING THIS TOOL .
 If you want to cut electrical outlets in drywall and have extra -LSB- money -RSB- lying around by the saw . The bits dull remarkably fast . It has a great deal of kick back as do most rotorary tools like the dremel , which I find unsafe . Cutting metal pipe is tricky at best , the sanding is mediocare compared with any dedicated sander and as a grinder it is underpowered . Cutting wood is extremely slow if you do n't want to break the blade which means you need hearing protection it whines louder than my exwife . it is very difficult to make an accurate cut . does fine for rough stuff .
 I thought the basic concept of a cordless nailer was great , but this thing makes no sense.It does not use gas cells like the Paslode . It is multi-blow , kind of like a jackhammer or a rotary hammer . It actually hits the nail a bunch of times before it drives it in unlike the paslode nailer that drives it in one motion . Seems to be really slower than an air tool . This makes it vibrate like crazy in your hand and it is wicked loud . Wear ear plugs with this thing.It runs off of a 20.4 Volt battery pack . The problem is that the battery is heavy and they dont have a drill or anything to run on the same battery . There is no way to spread your investment in expensive cordless tools . You also have to carry around another charger and battery and plug another thing in . THere is no cigarette lighter charger for the truck available either.This thing is heaaavvvvyyy . My hitachi air roofing nailer weighs only 5-6 lbs i would guess but i think this thing is over 10 pounds . Way too heavy to be swinging around on a ladder or a steep pitch for repair jobs . The balance is a little weird to . Air tools are built to drive down into the shingle but this thing is shaped like a drill so you have a tendency to not drive the nail in straight.The thing that really irks me is the fact that you cant use the same nail coils that you use in an air gun . You actually have to buy nails that are specifically for this tool and dont work with anything else ! So that puts you at risk for them to jack up the prices on the nails once you are hooked on them . The nails also come in these little plastic individaul pouches . Im no freaky enviromentalist but i dont like wasting all that plastic and i dont like cleaning more junk off a jobsite at the end of a day.HEAVY , LOUD , SLOW AND YOU HAVE TO BUY THIER NAILS . ALL THIS FOR ONLY ... GET ONE TODAY !
 It would be a great idea if the nail canisters were still available . Mytoolplace and Bostitch should be ashamed .
